Hollywood Love Story: Season 1, Episode 6 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Hollywood Love Story 
 s1e6 - Josh - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Hollywood Love Story (2018): Season 1, Episode 6 - Josh - full transcript 
 @joshuascroggins moved to LA to find success in music, fashion and art with his buddy @youngrevenge. But more than that, he wants to find mental stability and happiness. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Some people move to Hollywood and completely lose their mind. They get involved in a lot of negative things, like drugs and bad people. It can be hard to avoid if you hang out in certain crowds, because sometimes the bad people have smiles on their faces. I've seen them come out here and do really well and then ruin their chances because they fall in love with the party lifestyle. The highest highs usually come with the lowest lows. My name's Joshua Scroggins. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 But you always interrupt me... The day I landed in L. A., I was like, "...I got to figure this shit the... out." I'm fashion, bro, and everybody in rap wants to be fashion. I'm on some creative shit, but I'm from the hood, so I still got to do what I got to do to show the world. There's no place like L. A. If you can seize those moments and realize that you blessed to be here and not supposed to be here, you can... do whatever the... you want. You really can. Just put your mind to it and do it. All of these... boys. Look at these... heads. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Hey, you can't block the sidewalk, bro. What's up, fugly? Pull up. Pull up. Should we go to the back? No. Pull up. Why you got to make it difficult? I'm high as... bro. Yeah. I don't know what he's talking about. Hey, so I can't leave my whip here? Yes, bro. Pull it in front of the sidewalk, though. What does that mean? Oh, right there you mean? - Yeah. - All right. How many times I got to say that shit? Oh, just a couple of my young bloods right here. You know, we got Miguel, trap star. We got Eugene, young model finesse kid. We got Mo, my designer, the beat master cheffing it in the lab. My youngins, some of my youngins right now. Josh is good people. You know, I mean, it's L. A. It's rare to find good people. There's not a lot of good people. Yeah. When you find good people, that's your people. I mean, I've been through some shit. I shed light. Like, it's what I do, you know what I mean? I keep them around to show me what's new on the streets. He's just not - He's just not on that, like, thirst shit. Like, he's cool and he out here living his life. - It's natural, like... - Exactly. ...bro is doing him and then mother... - are slowly recognizing him... - Exactly. Exactly. ...like, the shit, and then... It's not like he's trying to do that shit. ...you know, that's how you do it, though. He's just doing his shit. You know? It's not some shit. It's not like you trying. You see mother... wearing something. It's like, you do you... but you do some shit that's different. ...all of that shit. I moved to L. A. from Richmond, Virginia, like, 2010 because I was... I was high. I was out there trapping, you know? I was... up. I'm a hustler, You know what I'm saying? I work how many jobs. I model. I style. I... throw parties. I mean, I'll still host here and there, but not as much as I used to. I'm making music right now. I came a long way, bro. I came a long way, and I know I have a purpose, like, this fashion shit really isn't, but this music is gonna take off. I already can feel it in my bones. I'm doing some stuff with... Interscope, like, a sublabel, I guess, and... Yeah, man. Thinking about signing with them, and I'm gonna bring the fashion to the hip-hop world. I'm gonna show them what it is. Bro, stop hitting me up, dawg. Yeah, that's tight. Stop calling me. I'll hit you in a minute. I'm doing shit right now. Oh, you a hoe. I'm saying I got to use my phone, bro, and you keep... with your ugly ass. There's nothing like L. A. You could be anything you want to be in L. A. All you have to do is work at it. I was in Jersey in the middle of nowhere, and now I'm in California. He got his shirt off and we're smoking weed in public. Like, come on, bro. Anything is possible, but you got to believe in yourself. Hold up. - Want to do it again? - Yeah. All right. So the music video, we're still kind of trying to figure out. So we can do this track that we just laid down, but, like, I was thinking, you know, since it's my first music video... Yeah, yeah, yeah. Just do "Designer for Days." - "Designer for Days." - Yeah. - Right? - That's the most polished one. Do like a shoot... - We need a... shoot. ...with a bunch of girls, like, do the wake-up-at-nighttime-type vibe when we're all flossy as... Exactly. When we walk out of a... I like that. ...Like, 12 deep out of a... tent and start our night. - That's what makes it surreal and makes it more, like... It's, like, dead, like, a ghost town. It's, like, it's apocalyptic. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Ghost town. That's the vibe. Hey, zoom in on this. Don't. Don't do it. Yeah. I'm still drinking out the bottle. What else you got for us? What questions? Big dick bandits... You know what it is. We just out here just trying to... maintain. Oh, my... is here! I ate some mushrooms, man, and they had me... Hey, I ate some mushrooms, too! Hey! I definitely do. But they were blessed under the full moon and, like... We like to keep it herbal, actually. ...by a shaman and, like, know where you're getting your drugs from. Let me tell you guys. Don't do drugs. - Drugs are bad. - Don't do drugs. Mushrooms are real, dude. They're natural. But if you get good drugs, you know what I mean, like, from a reliable source and, like, you know where it's coming from. A lot of people will try to tell you they're reliable, but don't... with that unless they're your homey, like, honestly, dude. Exactly. If you got some, like, longevity in your relationship with the guy, that's one thing. You, whoever I'm speaking to, listen. Use your time wisely because it's all you got. I like to get up, like, by 10:00, you know, so I can have a morning. Because it's probably, like... - Hey. - Hey. What are you doing? What are you doing? You know, I've actually got a little film crew here. They want to know what I was like when I was a kid. Sweet. That's it? That's all you got for me? - A terror. - A terror. I had a brain tumor when I was 16. Yeah, look at the scar. Show them the scar. Look. They said I'd never walk or talk again... Yeah, exactly. ...and... I was like, "...that." You know what I mean? You can't tell me some shit, like, and that's how I beat the whole thing. She gave me this for my birthday this year, "Love You Forever." It's a good one. This fool gets into a muck, but the whole thing, you know what I'm saying, she used to sneak into his room every night and sing "I love you forever. I like you for always. As long as I'm living, my baby you'll be." Then he, like, started getting in trouble, whatever, and she starts getting older and he, like, breaks into her house and starts, like, rocking her back and forth when she gets old and, like, passes away, and it's like, "As long as I'm living, my mommy you'll be." Dukes. Mama Dukes in the building. - Yes. - I wish you were here. I love you. I love you, too. Why do you keep dropping shit? ...that's a wide liner. That's bad luck. That's a vice, man. I'm gonna keep it. Well, no. That was mine. That was mine. - I don't care. I dropped out of high school and just started getting into shit, you know, selling drugs, like, hustling, doing stupid shit. I got charges, and I decided, "Why am I out here doing stupid shit when I could better myself?" I moved out here and handled my shit, and then I, you know, I got into fashion the second I moved out here. That was, like, the only interest that I've ever really had other than trapping. So I got Boris Bidjan socks, Boris Bidjan Saberi. All this stuff is one-of-a-kind. It's made out of vintage blankets. It's called the loaner blanket. Freaking... but, yeah. I love just, like, being comfortable. And I never left, you know what I mean? Today we are at Lush. We're about to do a little photo shoot. Got your touch of color over here. You got your rocker's tee, more elegant vibes. When I was younger, I was just trying to push weed to all the kids in my school and shit, and then, like, I moved on to, like, selling heroin and shit that was really making some money. Acid, a lot of, like, pressed pills but with no... stamp on them. You would just get them out of a tube and then cut them ourselves so they'd be, like, quadruple... stacks, ...whatever stacks. You wouldn't know because we were cutting them with razors. And then, I guess, we'll do, like, this one next. Yeah. That's my favorite. Yeah, unfortunately. It was in those days was when the first, you know, I was playing around with it 'cause I was selling it, but I was just, like, snorting it, whatever. And it might have been 6 months or something, the longest stretch. Not a good drug. When I first came out here, I threw parties and shit, and that's where I got all my connections to everybody, like, wanting to come into the club and, like, da da da da. And I kinda, like, faked it until I maked it kind of deal. Like, people would see me out and, like, be like, "I like your style. Will you style something for me?" or "I like your stees. Will you model this for me?" It's not like my agency did too much, you know? I was out here just, like, on my grizzy. That's what you got to do. Nobody's gonna do it for you, bro. O0 C1 Turn around. You're ruining the shot. No, turn that way. Look over there. Okay, fine, don't. I love my life. I feel so blessed. I wouldn't trade this for anything in the world, and the one thing I love most about it is making people happy. Just meeting somebody and seeing the smile on their face and the effect that I've had on certain people is just one of the best feelings in the world. I think because I've been doing this so long that it's just, like, a part of me, from doing "The Simple Life" and all these shows and always being on camera. I guess it just comes natural to me. Dawg, we about to do the first scene in my music video, bro. First music video ever. - What up? I can't even explain the feeling, you know? The fam just pulled up. It's a beautiful thing, dark. Do you want to shoot kind of, like, in the alleyways, like, doors open, moving slow... - Yeah. ...and they're just kind of like, you know? Kind of, like, this is, like... This is, like, our statement towards, like, a rap video. You know what I mean? Pixel Face in a nutshell is a genius. Okay. ...his art is so next level. So always follow me. Always listen to what I say. Everything can go so much faster if I don't have to, like, shake you guys down, say things twice. I'm the director. Josh is the artist. The director has to suck it out of them, you know what I mean? You are in my world. You are doing what I tell you to do. All right. Everybody, to the alleyway. Oh, he's skirting. Hold on. Let me get that on the camera. Let me get that on my 'gram. Work that bitch, man. Hey. All right. Play back. Action! All right. Turn up! Turn up! Turn up! I'm off it. You have to listen. You have to listen to what I'm saying. I'm serious. I'm dead ass. You got to listen to what I'm saying. - I'm sorry. - I said, "turn up." Oh, turn up. Okay. I'm gonna turn up. My fault. I'm gonna turn it up. I got you. Turn up. - I don't care. - They looking for us. - For us? They looking for Josh, for sure. - They looking for somebody. - They're looking for Josh. I salute all the thots out there. Keep doing your thing. Thot it up. Thot is a girl that doesn't give a... She just wants some dick just like you want some pussy. She might be after something, but she ain't getting nothing but this dick. Almost fell on that shit. Almost fell, like, almost fell back. All right. We got to make sure you don't fall back. I'm a thot boy. I ain't no... boy. Don't never get that confused. Don't never get that confused. I'm a thot boy. I'm thots we trust, bruh. All right. I'm over it. All right. Now we're doing the next scene, but it's not set up! Hell yeah. I'm happy every time I got breath in my lungs. I mean, I'm not supposed to be here, bro. Like I said, I'm blessed. Come on. We're losing time. Walk across the street. Like, you... listen to me, and you do what I tell you to do, and you suffer. You... suffer for two hours. Get in trash. Rub your titties. Bounce on a dead man. ...smoke a blunt. Do whatever the... I tell you to do. If you do that, you will look tight as... Is everybody ready? - Yeah. Yeah. Yep. - Play back. - Action. Now your mission is to get to that tent and get those girls in the tent. When I say everybody get in the tent, what does that mean? No, you go to the - You guys already have to be in the tent. Like, come over here. Get in the tent. Get in the tent. God... damn it. Roz, get out of the shot! Okay. When I say, "Everybody get in the big tent," what does that mean? You... up my shoot. I didn't hear you. Come on. We're filming a music video! We're not having fun! I'm not having fun! What do they think, a... video makes itself? God... damn it. That was exhausting, exhausting. I mean, this is a dream come true. Like, I've been waiting my whole life to, like, pull off what I just pulled off. I needed Josh to be on 10,000%, you know what I'm saying, and he gave me a great character. He gave me himself, and that's all I... wanted. So now we're gonna take that gold, that footage, and we're going to splice that together. It's gonna be sick as... I'm excited that this is starting a new inertia. Fools are gonna start knowing that I make music now, and maybe this could start a new revenue. This is what I'm trying to do, so I just want to keep riding my wave and, you know, see where it takes me. L.A. is what you make it. If you want to... kick it with some scum bags and, like... around and just do nothing, that's what the... you're finna to do. If you want to go to the club and be a hood rat and thot it up, you gonna go thot it up. You know what I'm saying? It's going down tonight. We're getting a 3,700-foot... little loft downtown for that pre-pre. I'm gonna blow this Airbnb up. It's gonna get stupid. Shit's about to go straight up. We got the Airbnbs out here. We're gonna get a little buck beforehand. Joe, Corey, what are you doing tonight? You coming out with us? We got the pre-party for the Gari Safari, you know what I'm saying? Whoop-whoop. We got some little Asian girls coming through. You know what I'm saying? We got little Hispanic girls coming through. She got some big titties. It's gonna be a rager, bro. It's going till 9:00 in the morning. It's finna be cracking. I need that address, though. I'm a hustler, you know what I'm saying? Lose yourself to find yourself, man. Yeah, brother. I mean, because everybody is confused, bro, and then you got to figure it all out. You got to just get lost. I'm not saying being a hustler's a bad thing. Like, I work hard. I hustle. L.A. is about making it and trying to survive. I've seen guys who are a model, club promoter, rapper, they also want to design, but then they're also going out every night. I've been in this town for a long time, and the guys I've seen who lose themselves, a lot of them don't find their way back. Be careful, Josh. Surf the internet with browser of future osdb.link/brave 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 