Metalocalypse: Season 1, Episode 15 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Metalocalypse 
 s1e15 - Religionklok - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Metalocalypse (2006–2013): Season 1, Episode 15 - Religionklok - full transcript 
 After Murderface suffers a near fatal motorcycle accident, he decided to find religion. His quest runs across the gamut of faiths, from attending a Christian Rock concert, to sitting in at a service at the Church of Satan. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Dethklok frontman Nathan Explosion is the latest celebrity... lending his voice to the famous Books On Tapes series. He's being paid a reputed one billion to record all of Shakespeare's works. And get ready all you MILFs, GMILFs, and soon-to-be MILFs. Dethklok's resident Lothario, Skwisgaar Skwigelf... has been hitting the night club scene lately and is also interested in acquiring... a new stable of FBLs. Good luck, girls. Could it be the long awaited William Murderface side project... Planet Piss, is going to happen? This is really going to happen. The key word here is organization. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 It's just, it's all about being professional. And finally we've all heard those vicious rumors... about Pickles the Drummer not really being as big a drinker as he claims to be. Well, Pickles is going to do something about that. It hurts when people say things that ain't true, but, you know, in retaliation... I'm going to do something. I'm going to drink more than I ever have in my life. I believe he will, and that's the Dethklok Minute. Oh, bull-! I got lefts off of Dethklok Minute again! - That's bull! - You are receiving a distinguish award. Mr. Toki Wartooth! It is of a great honor to present you with the most distinguished Argentinian award Los Ninos Favoritico... I hates kids. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 # Do anything for Dethklok Do anything for Dethklok # # Do anything for Dethklok # # Dethklok, Dethklok Dethklok, Dethklok # # I'll teach you # # Who rock # # Dethklok! Dethklok! # # Skwisgaar Skwigelf Taller than a tree # # Toki Wartooth Not a bumble bee # # William Murderface Murderface, Murderface # # Pickles the Drummer Doodily doo # # Ding-dong Doodily doodily doo # # Nathan Explosion # Toki Wartooth has become alarmingly popular with children. This is something we are not prepared to deal with. You all know our child control expert, Professor Jerry Gustav Mangledink. We must fear children. We have many successful programs in place to silence and control children... but I fear this Toki Wartooth... his natural child-like ways and children's affinity towards him may be a threat. - Do you remember the Sixties? - Yes, yes I do. Well, that was just hippies. Dirty hippies with flowers and mushrooms and acoustic guitars. Can you imagine a whole generation of children raised on metal? Little Julliette Sarmangsadandle. She does not have much time left. With our foundation she gets one last wish. - And what is that, sweetie? - I want to meet Toki. Toki, the Wish for Something foundation wants you to be their poster boy. Quite an honor. - Sick and helpless children. - I pass. - I'm sorry. - I'm not associating myself with kids. - But these ones are dying, Toki. - Oh, good. - You kidding, Toki? - You don't mean that. Yes, I dos. Dead! All you would have to do is spend a few hours just talking to children. Well, how comes I can't sit around and drinks like Pickle? How comes I can't sit around and screw sluts or something? But no, you are the cutesy guy that kids like. You got to helps people gets over their problems. F- that! You dos it! Kids, Wish For Something foundation! I gonna make kids wish theys was never born! I'm gonna be a demon! That lives in their nightmares. Right, teddy bear? - I'm psyched. You're ready? - I'm ready. Got a lot of work to do, so let's get in there and do it. All right. All right, so you got your songs ready? - Got your lyrics ready? You're organized? - I got my songs ready. - You got everything ready to go? - It's all about organization. It's time to do it. It's time to do it. Yeah, we're ready to go. - Just ready to go. Ready to go. - You know what my fear is? I just hope this doesn't get bigger than Dethklok. You know that'd be something, you know. Well, I will tell you this, that's a good problem to have. I guess. That's a problem you want to have. That's a good one. I didn't look at it... That's a problem you want to have. Let's go in there. - Let's do it. - Hold on, hold on, hold on. Just let me gather myself. Gather myself. Get ready. - We've been here sitting for five hours. - This just doesn't happen overnight. OK. OK. It's only Sunday. - How are you doing? - Good. The kids... - Good. You feeling OK? - Yeah. - 'Cause you sound a little slurred. - Dude, I'm... Listen, I want you to engineer this session... because these guys are paying me a lot of money... and I don't want to pay anyone. I want to keep it all. I don't want to give it to anybody else, like a dumb engineer, all right? - Dude... - All right, thanks. All right, now, make sure the levels are... Yeah, the lights are blinking right here. All right. Now, I want to do this in one take 'cause this guy wrote a lot of stuff. Got it? - Yeah. - All right, here we go. OK. Go. "To be or not to be, that is the question. "Whether 'tis nobler in the mind to suffer... "The slings and arrows..." Nathan, you're going to kill me, but I totally forgot to press record. But here's the good news, I'm sorry. Go, go! Find the downbeat! Where's the bass? Where's the bass? Find the downbeat! Go, go, go! - Go! - Where's the bass? Louder! Do it louder! Come on! There you go! Get mad! Get madder! Stop! We got it! Hey, come on in. We got it! It was great. You know, I got enough to work with. It's Pro Tools. Yeah! I'll see you in your nightmares, dickweeds. - Toki is losing his mind. - You can see it. - Isn't he acting weird? - I know. I've never seen him like this. - He's turning into a real asshole. - Can we kick him out of the band? OK, all right, here's what you do. He sleeps, sack, bar of soap. Brain damage, cornfield, gun. Funeral. All right. That's may be a little too harsh for mes to handle. Maybe you're right. Looks like I'll have to cancel Planet Piss. Damn it! - Why? - Yeah, why? 'Cause I'm emotional. I probably have to cancel it. Oh, darn! If you really want to fire Toki, I can begin processing the paper work... but before we do that, I might have a plan. - That little sick girl is here to see you. - Tell her to go die. - Well, she is dying. - Good. She made you this DVD. I'd watch it if I were you. Oh, jeez. Hey, can I get you some tequila? Don't be sad, little girl. One day you're gonna grow up and you're gonna be big. Oh, wait. Nevermind. Sorry. I guess whats to cheers up... a guitar popsicle. We better get going. # I am just a girl Just a speck of worthless dust # # In this rotten world # # Yet I must speak to thee # # There was once a time # # That I longed for pretty things # # But now that's changed # # I long for murder # # How long should I wait # # To celebrate my unforgiving hate? # # Hate # # I can't wait to be brutal # # I can't wait to wield a hatchet Covered with blood # # 'Cause you're the maggots of my eye # # You're a piece of rotting pie # # To me # # It's been so long since you been young # # Now you understand # # Yes, I dos understand # # Yes he does Yes, yes, he does # # Yeah, yeah, yeah # # Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah # # I am Pickles the Drummer And I get to sing # # Here too 'cause I'm drunk and... # # I am really, really drunk # # F- you, dickweed F- you, too # I'm going to go. I'm going to lay down now. I'm going to go lay down now, everybody. Little girls, wait! Wait! I'm sorry. I was all screwed up inside. I was selfish, a selfish idiot but now I know how wrongs I was. I have all the times in the world for you now. So please, comes back with me. Oh, my God! No! Oh, my God! Oh, my God! She's dead, she's dead! Oh, no! Oh, my God! Oh, my God! Oh, my God! Oh, no! Oh, no! She's dead! She's dead! She's dead! Oh, my God! Oh, no! Oh, my God! Oh, my God! I killed her! You killed me! I'm dead because of you! That's pitch corrected. My voice is pitch corrected? No, your voice is not pitch corrected. - It's you. - Can we pitch correct it? We can do anything. It's your project. It's your call. What are our options? Well, we can uproot it and start over again if you want. No, I don't want to do that. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 