Metalocalypse: Season 3, Episode 5 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Metalocalypse 
 s3e5 - FatherKlok - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Metalocalypse (2006–2013): Season 3, Episode 5 - FatherKlok - full transcript 
 Facing a slew of paternity suits, Skwisgaar begins to search for his own absentee father. Toki embraces Skwisgaar's absence from the band and his temporary position as Dethklok's lead ... 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Domo Tokyo! I Ioves you Tokyo! I Ioves each and every ones of- yyyyyy. Where's ams I? Ams I beens kidnappeds? Im's worth Iots of monies! I'll gives to yous whatsever you wants! Please don'ts kills me! I dos anythings. Nobody can help you. oh gods no. Whys me? Why don't you kills Dethkloks insteads? 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 I'll leads you to thems! They're rich! I hardlys has any publishings anyways! oh, why does Tokis always gets de bads luck? I just have one thing to say to you before I kill you. (sobbing) Whats. Haaaaaaappy Birthday!!! Surprise! oh wowee... Happy Birthday Motherfucker!! Ha! Yous! We tricked you! Yous tricked me! 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 We tricked you! ohh the Iook on your fucking face! I thoughts- I was goings to be murdereds. That's the ideas. You know? Seriouslys though Tokis. Happys Birthdays. I really really thoughts I was going to die... Welp. Go get cleaned up. We got tons of fun planned tonight. And dude. There's about a hundred sluts out there came over to fuck your brains out. oh wondersfuls. Just what I needs. More sluts. # Doodily ding dong tick-tock # # Doodily ding dong tick-tock # # Doodily ding dong tick-tock # # Doodily ding dong tick-tock # # Doodily ding dong tick-tock # # Dethklok! Dethklok! Dethklok! Dethklok! # # I'II... teach you... to... rock... # # Dethklok, Dethklok # # Skwisgaar Skwigelf, taller than a tree # # Toki Wartooth, not a bumblebee # # William Murderface Murderface Murderface # # Pickles the drummer doodily doo # ding dong doodily doodily doo # # Nathan EXplosion # # # Toki Wartooth multimillionaire, no wedding ring, no girlfriend, Iong flowing hair. one of the most beautiful pre-op trannies I've ever seen. (laughing) oh no you didn't! Get another drink in me and I might take a crack at you myself. What do we have here! The rest of Dethklok just hanging out. What a treat! Pickles the drummer. You know he's so high right now he thinks he's watching this on Youtube. Ha!!!!! I actually do! And William Murderface. What's it like spending all day hanging out with actual musicians? (laughs) All these years and nothing's rubbed off? Yeah! Seriously foIks, what do you throw a drowning Bass Player? His amp. (laughs) And Skwisgaar Skwigelf, we got him right here. You fuck more women than breast cancer. (laughs) I'm kidding of course. But back to Murderface, after selling Krillions of records it's refreshing to see that women still won't fuck you. (laughs) Skanky Crack whores who need the money, they're like, "no thanks". That's not true. How about you over there? We've got Tonto in the building. Why can't you use your magical Indian tracking skills to find some soap and water? (laughs) I can't tell if you haven't showered or if somebody's opening up a factory where they produce things that smell like shit. (crowd gasps) Give him a round of applause. He's good. Dude, Toki, there you are. We've been Iooking all over for you. Hi... oh, takes them away please Pickle. (beat) Please. You heard him girls. Hey, why'd you do that? They were all going to fuck your brains out. I don't wants no more hots sluts. Don'ts you gets it? They only wants us becuase we ams famous! Alls of this ams bullshits. Surroundeds by skankies goIds diggers and sluts all day! How dare you say that about skanky goId diggers and sluts. That is offensive. Shame on you. Can'ts you see? I wants a real woman. What are you talking about? I wants a womans Pickle. A reals womans. A womans whats can bears my childrens. And I will does anythings I needs to finds her. Women around the world have lined up to for a chance to meet and hopefully marry Toki Wartooth. The lines are big and it's getting violent. But do they even have a chance? And that's the Dethklok minute. Hey Toki, that's pretty cooI. You got mentioned in the Dethklok Minute. Thanks Nathans! But guys. I'm nervous. I don't even knows how to go abouts dis findings a lady business. oh Toki, that's cute. That's precious. You need some dating advice from your pals. Dats would be very helpsful Pickle. ok. Well, here's what you do to meet a lady, alrighth you get your tour manager to find some chick and then when he brings her backstage you pull out your dick. Yeah. You pulls out your dicks. Pulls out your- Guys. I'm talkings about a real dates here. How is that not a real date? Yeah. How is that not a real date Toki? A date... Wheres you actuallys talks to a girl... And she says stuffs and you ask each other questions... and she talks backs to yous... Questions? Wait a minute... questions? Like when we're in court questions? Toki. Look. You need some lady advice, you've come to the right place... In my eXperience- Pfft (laughs) I'm sorry. Are you scoffing at me? Nopes (laughs) okay. Look. I'm a little sick of this. Sick of what? of people thinking I don't get any action. That fucking comic talking all that shit! Well I'll have you all know that I do get laid. Constantly. Why are yous directings that at me? I didn't even says nothing. Because I know what you think. You think you're the king. And you fucking aren't! I am. King of getting laid! Murderface. ok. Please, you don't have to prove things to us. It's fine. Just- No. Fuck you pickles you smug asshole. I can get any girl Skwisgaar gets. Any girl! You dicks doubt me? Huh? Yes. Then I'll fucking prove it. Starting now I will sleep with as many girls as Skwisgaar does. Alright, fine. You're on. What are we going to do for proof? How about lady underpants and or recorded video and or audio testimonial. ok. Fine. It's a bet! Alright. Well, I'll gets out of heres. I thinks I'll gets a head starts on humiliating yous. Alright? Yeah. Right. I'm gonna get so much pussy that I might choke. on it. on the pussy. on all that pussy. I'm going to choke. Yous guys makes me fuckings sick. You're so revoItinglys shallows. Alls of you. I gots to go meets some peoples at a dating agency. I'll see you laters pals!! Mr Wartooth, our company is very serious about finding their clients a life lady-mate partner. Life Lady-mates partner? Yes. We're confident that our matching system is so solid that we give a one hundred percent guarantee. Well, dat ams somes impressive numbers buts I'm Iooking not onlys for a friends but alsos a companion ands a mothers to my childrens. oh yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah, no no problem. Dats it? Yes sir. We can pinpoint your future ladymate partner's fertility to the second. Not to brag but I can pinpoint my fertility too. All I need is some Iotion and a little DSL quality internet and some napkins. I'm kidding, of course. Keep going. I toIds yous you could comes in if you didn't ruins my meeting!! I think I'm enhancing the meeting. Look. Sir? I just want to meet like a hundred girls and fuck the bajeesus out of them. So, uh, can we set up an account here or somethin? We don't do that here. This is for life mates. Damn. This is not going to be easy. Just waits in the fuckings Iobby! Sorry. Gaaaah! You better find this guy some pussy because he is real- Will you fuckings gets outta here?!?! Like I was saying, our matches are accurate but we need information from you. First offh Iooks, we know it's important that you be attracted to your partner so we want to make sure we know First offh I don't even wants her to knows I'm famous and I don't cares whats she Iooks likes! Looks am fleetins. And I'm not some shallow dildos whats only cares about tits. I wants a pures woman with consfidensk and a trues heart. Somebodys I cans talks to- I get the idea. I think we're done. Thanks you so much! Thats ams wonderful news! oh and Toki. Like I saidh we guarantee our results. I can do everything that Skwisgaar, I can get this lady, I can make them... okay, calm down... Hello everybody! Surprise inspection! Right? Hi there missy. EXcuse me. Mind if I get in there and check my myspace account. I'm working actually. Yeah just get a little comfortable here... Just approve a couple comments. I get a Iot of crazy comments. You're, probably a little star struck right now. Just relaX. I'm trying to get some work done. RelaX, I'm just a regular guy. I mean sure I'm a multi billionaire and I'm your boss so you know what that means ...if you wanna keep your job... Aghhhhhhhh!!!! ow ow ow!! Hellos? Mr. Wartooth? oh yes. I have some very good news for you. We found your ladymate. Hey, they founds my ladymates! We found the lady you are going to spend the rest of your life with. Her name is Caroline Bsijldfjo. oh wowee, that's greats news! Guys, I'm going on my big dates, wish me lucks! Good luck! # I never mets you. But I thinks I Ioves you. You are the womans of my dreams. Computers technoIogies brought us together. And I thinks you're the ones for me. I am Toki. You ares Caroline. And we mets onlines. Because I'm gonna makes you mine. And we probably gets married. Probably has childrens. Probably lives our lives togethers. Probably dies togethers. I am Toki. ## Hi. Hi. Great date. oh. Here's my fertility chart. oh. It's uh- reallys? The fifteenth. You'll have to keep it open. The fifteenths? oh. That's when we'll have intercourse. Inster-intsercourse? I means we just barelys met- I like the name Wilthmore. or Donnington. For whats? For our baby. I've got to go. Looking forward to our Iong Iong future together life mate. oh. Don't forget, keep the fifteenth open so you can deposit your sperm into my vagina with your penis. ok. Murderface, there's a seXual harassment lawsuit being filed against you by one of our employees at the online department. What? Are you kidding me? That is fucking bullshit. What is the world coming to? I didn't even get a chance to seXually harass her! Whether or not it's true is beside the point. In cases like these it's best to provide a lump payment (out of your pocket of course) And settle out of court. oh and you're going to have to attend a seXual harassment seminar. A seXual harassment seminar's totally gonna interfere with me getting pussy. I better not Iose this bet because of this! I wonder if Skwisgaar's even participating. ohhh ohhh ohhh ohhh. ohh ohh ohh ohhh. So? How was the date? (lying) oh great! Great! She's really the ones! oh and what's a personality. That's great, man! So when do we get to meet her? Nevers. ooooh. I get it. You're afraid we'll try to steal her away. She must be something, Huh? She must be an angel huh? Like a gift from God. Yups. Hey, that's great. So you really recommend this dating agency, huh? oh not reallys no. It's uuuh, toos eXpensive. It's just ways toos eXpensives. Dude, but I thought they picked awinner for you. Hey I gots an ideas! How bouts nomore talkings about this? I havesto gos and meets with demsactuallys right now. Good bye! Wow. Never seen the kid so happy. Hey, foIks. It's me! FACEBoNES! Alright, Facebones! I'm here to tell you about a very serious issueh SeXual Harassment in the Workplace! But first, what is seXual harassment? Well, seXual harassment is the act of It takes the power away from the person being harassed and makes the harasser more powerful than ever. I got fucking peppersprayed. How, how does that give me power? Compliments in the workplace can easily become misconstrued and taken as flirtation. And now, a short eXample. In this eXample, a KIokateer will be equipped with a shocking mechanism that will help guide him into behaving properly at work. Is that a new belt? Yes. It is. It Iooks very good. Saying that your belt Iooks good can be taken as a seXual advance. Let's try that again. Is that a new belt? Yes. It is. That is good information to have. Saying something like "that is good information to have" could be kind of creepy and make it seem like he's compiling information for a parking Iot attack or home invasion. And that's harassment! Ahhh! Fuck! Cursing in the workplace can also make people feel awkward. Now let's try that again. Is that a new belt? Yes it is. Best to avoid all those compliments and continue working. Now let's watch again without all those confusing compliments. Well done. But what if our klokateer wanted to not make any compliments but instead, a fun joke. Humor is hurtful and can ruin lives. We're almost done foIks. We're rounding the corner to finishing up our seXual harassment fun marathon! And now some practical information. Do not linger around in restrooms. Keep your office door open so that people can see that you're clearly not jacking off in there. If you get a boner during work, best to eXcuse yourself and go home! Here's a list of things to remember to avoid getting caught in a tricky seXual harassment lawsuit. Here we goooo! Will this thing never end?!?!?! So I'm hearing that the date went really well... Congratulations that's 20. Uhh. First off thanks yous. Howsever I thinks I may has been mismatched. Possibys a mistakes on your behalfs? That is impossible Mr. Wartooth. Welps. I mean. I'm nots totallys sure I has made a truly solids connection with hers. And wells, physicallys-she's uuuuh- Ah ah ah ah Mr. Wartooth. You weren't concerned with her Iooks it says that right here on your papers. Yes dats trues howevers. Le's backs up a little bitsh Hers personalities- Her personality is adequate for your temperament Mr. Wartooth. Eladymates dot com guarantees its results. We suggest that you go back and concentrate on making this work. Well buts- We suggest you go. Fine! I'll gos and tries to makes it work but you know whats? Dis is Bullshits! FoIIow him. And if he fails to fulfill his end of the contract hurt one of his Ioved ones. And hurt his Ioved one where it hurts. Sir? Hurt him in his dick. And his balls. Which one? The guy. Hello, hello, Mrs. Johnson? Yes this is William Murderface from Dethklok, the bass player... I'm offering a one time deal here only where I come over and fuck you. Uh, interested? Yeah, I fuck you. Yeah. No, it's no joke. I'm not screwing around! ok well then could I purchase a pair of your underwear? Williams? oh, fuck you lady! Thanks a Iot Toki. I was just about to get laid. I'm sorrys. Ah, it's fine. I just- ugh. Time is almost up with this bet and I haven't really uh... (to himself) I gotta have seX with at least one girl before it's over... Can I confides in yous abouts somethings personals? Come on. You can trust me. Dis goils. I don't thinks it ams workings out and I don't knows whats to does abouts it! Have you boned her? No. But dats de things. She really wants tos. So! What the fuck! I'm sitting here having the dry spell of my life and the stakes are high. And you're just... oooh, this girl wants to fuck me and I don't know what to doooo! I should punch you in the face! Get the fuck out of my office! (Door slams) ooh! oh! Does she have a sister?!!! So this girl wants to get it on with you. on de fifteenth. Why is that important? That's when she says she ams ovulating and thats chances ams high for whats to be pregnants. So she wants to have planned seX with you? SeX designed to procreate. Ugh. Fucking gross. You can't tell me when to have a boner. That's MY business! And you know what else? Dis is whats she Iooks like. oh boy. She Iooks like a gorilla whats been shaved. Yeah. Well, you're in the hot seat. Look, you want advice? I got some for you. When the fifteenth comes you just gotta to listen. Right? Listens? You need to listen to your dick Toki. Your dick will tell you eXactly what you need to do. Alright? Listen to your dick. Yeah. Listen to your dick. Listens to my dick! And also, don't ever get into a room you can't get out of. (knocks on door) Hi. Hi. I went ahead and purchased some non animal lubricant in case my vagina refuses to self lubricate. oh. Good thinkings. In the bathroom you'll find some medical penis soap. I'd appreciate if you scrubbed down your penis. Twice. oh. What? You will? With me? Yeah I know that hotel! You'll let me video tape it?? Fuck yeah, man! See you then! oh fuck yes! I'm gonna get laid. oh, thank you Craigslist!!! Stupid medicines-smellings penis soaps. It's gross. (chipmunk voice squeaks) Toki... Who ams dis? It's me. Your dick. Pickle toId me to listens to you! Toki. You must listen to me. We can't have seX with that woman in the other room. But we has to. or we will gets in trouble! Then you may as well chop me off. I'm talking about saving your life. If you have seX with that woman you will be miserable forever. (Echo on) 'Ever.' Toki? Why aren't you undressed? I'm gettings out of heres. I'm listenings to my dicks this time and it says don'ts gets near you! You get over here and engage in intercourse with me! It's the fifteenth! I don't care what numbers it is, I'm not going to dos it! I don't think so! Don't ever get into a room you can't get out of. He didn't fulfil his end of the deal. That's right, classic date. Knock on the ole door... pull out your dick! [Skipped item nr. 518] I can'ts believes I wons. I only had seX withs about four hundreds goils in likes two weeks. And I wasn't even trying. Yeah but we never got those final numbers back from Murderface. Hey Murderface, how many girls you sleep with? None. What's that? I said fucking none! I would've won if my dick weren't broken and splayed. Not a level playing field. Well there you go. Yahs. Anybodies seens Tokis? I think he's finally celebrating his birthday. Dis ams a greats dates ladies. And nows I ams pulls out my dick. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 