Big City Greens: Season 2, Episode 4 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Big City Greens 
 s2e4 - Green Christmas - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Big City Greens (2018–…): Season 2, Episode 4 - Green Christmas - full transcript 
 When Cricket discovers he might be on Santa's naughty list, he scrambles to redeem himself last-minute, but things soon go horribly wrong. Meanwhile, Gramma and Nancy try to find the perfect gift for Bill. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 ♪♪ - Yeah! Chimney's all clear! - [clucks] No obstructions for Santa! [Bill] Cricket! Get out of the chimney! Merry Christmas, Dad! Perfect. Oh, hello, Cricket! And how are you on this fine Christmas Eve mornin'? Oh, you know, just losin' my gosh dang mind gettin' hyped for tomorrow! Christmas truly is a magical time. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 And do you know what the best part of Christmas is? Well, it's hard to put your finger on just one... - ♪ Ohhh... ♪ - Ah, you're gonna sing this part. ♪ The best part of Christmas ♪ ♪ Is the presents that I get ♪ ♪ Like an action figure robot ♪ ♪ Or a sweet toy jet ♪ ♪ You can talk about your carols ♪ ♪ And your Christmas tree ♪ ♪ But the best parts of Christmas ♪ ♪ Are all the gifts for me ♪ Or maybe... ♪ The best part of Christmas ♪ ♪ Is when people do good ♪ 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 ♪ And they all spread kindness ♪ ♪ For the sake of brotherhood ♪ ♪ You can talk about your reindeer ♪ ♪ And your shelf-bound elf ♪ ♪ But holidays are best when folks ♪ ♪ Don't think just of themself ♪ Well, I think... ♪ The best part of Christmas ♪ ♪ Is my loving family ♪ ♪ When we all gather 'round and trim ♪ ♪ The living room tree ♪ ♪ And the dining table tree ♪ ♪ And the bedroom tree ♪ ♪ And the basement tree ♪ [whispers] ♪ And the secret tree ♪ - ♪ And the bathroom tree too ♪ - Seriously, Dad? ♪ And this year we're all together ♪ ♪ 'Cause your mom is back ♪ - [all] Whoo-hoo! - Hey, kids, what y'all doin'? ♪ We're just singin' 'bout Christmas ♪ [both] ♪ Would you like to add a line? ♪ How are you doin' this? Did you plan this in advance? ♪ You could sing about eggnog or the ♪ [all] ♪ Smell of winter pine ♪ Well, I didn't prepare lyrics, so let's dance! [music playing] Wait, where's Gramma? [thunder rumbles] ♪ The worst part of Christmas ♪ ♪ Are those three stupid ghosts ♪ ♪ Who come clanging in the night ♪ ♪ To bang on your bed post ♪ ♪ They tell you you're a scrooge ♪ ♪ And a grumpy mean old hag ♪ ♪ Scram, ya dumb old spirits ♪ ♪ I don't need to hear you nag ♪ - [Cricket] What the heck? - Are you all right, Gramma? - Uh, what? - OK. [clears throat] I mean, uh... ♪ Merry Christmas ♪ [both] ♪ Merry Christmas ♪ ♪ Merry Christmas ♪ [all] ♪ From the Greens ♪ Seriously, was there like an email about this? How did you... [grunts] Yah! Made it from the bedroom to the tree in five seconds flat! My presents don't stand a chance. So, what're you up to, Tilly? Just workin' on a tally of all my good deeds from the year. I made one for you, too. And, how we doin'? Um... I'm gonna let Professor Macadamia handle this one. [as nutcracker] You might be on the naughty list! What?! The naughty list?! Oh, come on! What'd I do that was so bad? [gasps] [grunting] - Look out! - [all screaming] Oh, right. I'm doomed. Don't despair, Cricket, I believe there's good in you. If you do enough good deeds today, I bet you could still make the nice list! Well, what are we waitin' for? Let's get to it! Where are you kids goin'? It's almost time to baste the Christmas ham! Sorry, Dad, this is too important! What could be more important than ham? - [door closes] - More bastin' for me! - [chuckles] - Don't test me. You're not wastin' my baste, are ya? No, I'd never! So what's the plan today? Ooh, we're gonna spend the whole day doin' Christmas activities. All culminating' tomorrow when I get to give you your presents! We, uh... didn't know you were gettin' us gifts. I don't mean to toot my own horn, but... honk! I think I nailed it. Can you excuse us for a second? We, um... Have to go to the bathroom together. Yes. Both of us. Okie dokie, just put the tree back when you're done! I didn't get Bill anything. Did you? Other than the beautiful gift of life? Yeah, no, I got nothin'. Oh, I knew I forgot something! Do you think we can get away with not getting him a gift? You know how clingy he gets during Christmas! - [knocking] - [Bill] Knock knock! How you ladies doin' in there? Want some bathroom cookies? If we wanna preserve his fragile heart, we'll have to work together to get him a gift. You in? Yeah. Good! Now hold this. Nature calls. [Cricket] ♪ I used to think that helpin' folks ♪ ♪ Was just a waste of time ♪ ♪ Goofin' off and playin' jokes ♪ ♪ Was really more my line ♪ ♪ But now I see there's value ♪ ♪ Makin' life more pleasant ♪ ♪ The best reward for virtue ♪ ♪ Is a big fat Santa present ♪ ♪ If it's presents that you want ♪ ♪ Then it's presents that you need ♪ ♪ Just start bein' helpful ♪ ♪ At a high rate of speed ♪ ♪ It's the surest way to satisfy ♪ ♪ Your holiday greed ♪ ♪ I mean... Good deeds are good indeed ♪ ♪ When you massage her creaky joints ♪ ♪ You're really rackin' up the points ♪ ♪ When you see litter throw it out ♪ ♪ And you'll be on that Santa route ♪ ♪ Feed a mangy dog and pet it ♪ ♪ You'll build up that Santa credit ♪ [Tilly] ♪ Lend a cold fellow a sweater ♪ ♪ Bet my gifts will get much better ♪ ♪ Help this loser change a tire ♪ ♪ Watch my pile of gifts grow higher ♪ ♪ Help avert a big disaster ♪ ♪ Get an awesome foam dart blaster ♪ ♪ When there's cold and hungry people out there you can help feed ♪ ♪ Or when someone takes a tumble and is starting to bleed ♪ ♪ It's a golden opportunity for loot, guaranteed ♪ ♪ Yes, good deeds are good indeed ♪ ♪ Good deeds are good indeed ♪ [panting] Am I on the nice list yet? Maybe, but let's keep goin' to make sure. [muffled] This is taking forever. Don't feel discouraged, brother. Look! Atop that tree is the Big City Christmas Star. Let its light guide you on your path to doin' more good deeds. Or... I can plead my case to the man himself! Cricket, wait! Listen, I'lljust have a chat with the big red guy, and everything will be fixed. Oof! Huh? Oh, man, there's a huge line! Well, you're free to talk to Santa, but I'd rather spend my time doin' nice things for folks. Like that man over there. Oh, I don't think a little guy like me can handle all this by myself! It's slipping! You're welcome to join! Sorry, Tilly. I'll catch up with you later. [dog owner] Oh, boy, everything's falling! Falling everywhere! I can help you with those. 'Scuse me! 'Scuse me! I have a Christmas emergency! Hmm? Oh, no, please not here. [gasps] Gloria? Is that you? Hello, Cricket. How can I help you? This is perfect! I need someone on the inside to sneak me to the front of the line to see Santa! No. It's not fair to the other kids. Now go wait in line like a good boy. [gasps] Oh, hey, is that Kevin I see over there? - That boy you really like? - What? Kevin's here? Oh, yeah, I just saw him go right over there. Just keep goin'. - [grunts] - Hey! - [elf] Next! - [sighs] Have a Merry Christmas, little one! - [grunts] - [groans] Hi, Santa, big fan, but I gotta hear it straight from the reindeer's mouth. Am I, or am I not on the nice list? Well, have you been a good boy this year? I think so! But my sister made this list... Let's take a look here. Hmm... Jeez, kid, did you do all of this? Uh... do any of us really do anything? Santa, I've been waiting for so long and that boy cutted in line! Oh, cry me a river. Now back to that list... Hey! You're not supposed to be up there! Security! Hmm? [roars] Wuh-oh. Wait, wait, wait, wait! I still gotta talk to Santa! [grunting] [grunts] - Ha! Aah! - [grunts] Santa, I promise you, nothin' on that list is as bad as it looks! Whoa! [groans] Aah! Please, I can explain everything! - I had good intentions! - [growls] Look, man, I know this looks bad, but listen, Santa, I gotta get on that nice list! - Just put me on that list! - [pants rip] Uh... [all gasp] [growls] Cricket Green, you might as well forget about Christmas, because you're definitely on the naughty list! No! Aah! [groans] Merry Christmas and thank you for shopping at Hudkins. Look, Cricket! That nice man I helped got me some hot chocolate. So how'd it go with Santa? [grunts] It was a disaster! There's no way I'm gettin' on the nice list now! And that means no presents. [groans] Oh, come now, Cricket, I still believe there's some good in you. You just gotta keep tryin'. Cricket? Cricket! [Nancy] Well, we may not have gotten Bill a gift, but there's still time to make him a gift! Good thinkin'! But it's gotta be awesome, thoughtful, and personal. Right! Let's get started! Finished! Oh, man, Bill is gonna love his... personalized statue? - It's bad! - So bad! We can't give Bill this abomination! It's hideous! We've got no choice. We have to go to the store. If we're quick, maybe he won't notice. Hurry, hurry, hurry! I'm an old woman, don't rush me! There you are! Where ya goin'? Uh... caroling? [gasps] I'll come with you! Let me grab my coat! Real smooth. Cricket! Cricket! [sighs] There you are! I know this looks bad. You're on the naughty list. But I believe that you can st... Oh, forget it, Tilly! Christmas is over. I'm not gettin' any presents and I'm gonna freeze in this park. I could do good deeds from now until morning and I still wouldn't get presents. Nothing I do matters. Nothing I do matters. What are you talkin' about, Cricket? It always matters! [chuckles] Oh, Tilly, Tilly, Tilly. Allow me to explain. ♪ I tried my best at helpin' folks ♪ ♪ But I've run out of time ♪ ♪ My nice list hopes gone up in smoke ♪ - ♪ As bells of judgement chime ♪ - [bell chimes] ♪ I see now that I'm doomed ♪ ♪ My gift-wrapped ship has sank ♪ ♪ So I shall resume my Christmas pranks ♪ [evil laughter] - ♪ I'll trip up this dip ♪ - [groans] - ♪ I'll make this guy slide ♪ - Whoa! [groans] ♪ Don't bother me 'cause I'm fresh outta pride ♪ ♪ I'll hand out free candy, bestow loads of cocoa ♪ ♪ You'll wonder out loud how could I stoop so low ♪ - ♪ It's a simple fact ♪ - Whoa! ♪ A secret I'll spill ♪ If I can't have Christmas ♪ ♪ Nobody will ♪ ♪ I'll throw all my snowballs with impunity ♪ ♪ Advance avalanches on the community ♪ ♪ Revise advertisements and make folks obey them ♪ ♪ This season's colors are mischief and mayhem ♪ ♪ Toboggans on noggins and butts fulla nuts ♪ ♪ Snowmen I stabbed in their tinsel-string guts ♪ ♪ Displays in dismay and socks spouting trout ♪ ♪ If you don't get it yet then let me spell it out ♪ ♪ Being nice is a bore but naughty's a thrill ♪ ♪ If I can't have Christmas ♪ ♪ Nobody will ♪ ♪ Nobody will ♪ ♪ Nobody will! ♪ [evil laughter] [gasps] [laughter continues] [all inhale] ♪ Hum diddy dum dum dum dum do ♪ ♪ Christmas is here ♪ We're running out of time, Nancy, the stores will be closing soon! ♪ Hum diddy dum dum dum dum do ♪ Let's sneak out during his solo. He can't hit the high notes without closing his eyes. Mm. ♪ It's my favorite time ♪ ♪ of year! ♪ What's all that noise? It sounds like a strangled... Oh, it's Mr. Green! Take it away, family! [panting] Ma? Nance? Huh? But they were just... Brava! Brava! Mwah! Magnifico! [both panting] Oh. Oh! Everything's closed! What kind of stores close on Christmas Eve?! There! An open sign! [Nancy] Score! [both] Huh? Closed?! - Let us in! - Please! Come on, man. I can get you anything! Gold? Diamonds? I've got a guy, just say the word! No! [chuckles] Cricket, enough! Aren't you done with all this mischief yet? Done? I'm just gettin' started! I've got a plan that's gonna top everything I've done so far! What are ya thinkin'? I'm gonna replace the Big City Christmas Star... with a Christmas moon! Oh, that doesn't sound so bad. A little unconventional I suppose, but... I'm talkin' about my butt! I'm gonna moon Big City! [evil laughter] - Oh, enough! - Hmm? Aah! I can't let you do this, Cricket Green! I know there's still some good left in you! [grunting] - Ugh! Gross! - [laughs] I'm gonna show them my butt! No! Stop! - Outta the way! - [gasps] [grunting] [evil laughter] You ain't the star no more! - Huh? Tilly? - Cricket, please stop! This'll be the worst thing you've ever done! I know! That's why it's perfect! Now give me the star! No! No, I won't let you! Give it to me, Tilly! Come on! I won't let you ruin Christmas! - Aah! - Whoa! Whoa! Whoa! Whoa! Aah! [grunts] Oh. Well, that wasn't so bad. Aah! Great ice skating, family! Hmm? Oh, tannenbaums. Evasive maneuvers! [groans] Cricket? [angry shouting] Maria Media here with Channel 11 News, reporting from the collapsed corpse of our city's beloved Christmas tree. How does it feel to ruin Christmas? I ruined Christmas? There you have it, folks, a confession! And joining us now is yuletide expert Santa Claus, straight from Hudkins department store. Hi, Maria! Love the show! Santa, you've checked your list, you've checked it twice. Is this girl naughty or nice? Oh, she's on the naughty list for sure! I'm on the naughty list? Hold that face, we have to cut to commercial! - And we're back. - [shivering] [gasps] I didn't mean to! There must be a way to fix this. No, there isn't! Selfish little girl, you're on the naughty list and you've ruined Christmas. Do you have anything you want to say to the people of Big City? I... I, uh... Whoo-hoo! That was crazy! Come on, Tilly, let's go! Hey, get back here! And in other news, it's snowing. Come on, over here! [panting] Whoo-hoo! Yeah! Oh, man, that went better than I could've possibly hoped! Welcome to the naughty list, Tilly! Tilly? ♪ All year I was kind ♪ ♪ All year I was good ♪ ♪ Like a nice kid ♪ ♪ I did what I should ♪ ♪ But now it's all ruined and Christmas is busted ♪ ♪ All because of the brother I trusted ♪ Ah, don't worry about it, Tilly. Bein' on the naughty list is great! ♪ I've been on the nice list every single year ♪ ♪ Not for toys or for presents ♪ ♪ Just simple Christmas cheer ♪ ♪ It's not about presents ♪ ♪ It's about bein' kind ♪ ♪ Something you wouldn't get in your evil mind ♪ ♪ I guess this was my fault ♪ ♪ Thinkin' there was hope for you ♪ ♪ But now I see clearly ♪ ♪ That was never true ♪ Wait, Tilly! Come back! [sighs] OK! So my family abandons me on Christmas Eve! Well, that ain't gonna stop me from having a Bill old time! With no one else around, it just means more eggnog for me! And I'm going to enjoy the highest form of television there is! A Christmas special. [slurps] Wow! I did it! I saved Christmas! But I couldn't have done it without my family. It's so great being together! [giggles] Hmm. Gosh darn it, these little candy canes aren't helpin'. I just can't enjoy Christmas without my family here! - Oh, yummy! - [giggles] [man] This is an important weather alert. Big City is currently under a blizzard warning. [gasps] Ma! Nancy! The kids! They're in trouble! [glugging] Don't worry! Bill's on the way! There's just no way we can give Bill a Christmas present, Alice. It's time to throw in the towel! Never! We can barely see out here! I can see just fine! Stop being difficult. We'll just have to tell Bill we didn't get him a present. No way! I ain't livin' with that guilt! I'd rather freeze to death with my son's ex-wife on Christmas Eve! Huh? Oh, I take it back! I'm not ready to go into the light! There you are! Get in! - We gotta find the kids! - [both] The kids?! They never came back to the house. They must be out in this blizzard! Well, what're you waiting for?! Drive! Drive! Drive! [grunting] [groans] ♪ What's Tilly's problem? ♪ ♪ She's such an oddball ♪ ♪ A Christmas without presents ♪ ♪ Is no Christmas at all ♪ ♪ Or that's what I've always thought at least ♪ ♪ Was I wrong in my thinking? ♪ ♪ No, no, I'm sure I was right ♪ ♪ So then why's my heart sinking? ♪ ♪ Sure, feelings got hurt ♪ ♪ And the tree took a dunk ♪ ♪ But it's all Santa's fault ♪ ♪ Him and his holiday bunk ♪ ♪ If he'd just given me ♪ ♪ The presents I craved ♪ ♪ I never would have acted ♪ ♪ The way I behaved ♪ ♪ No, that's wrong, isn't it? ♪ ♪ Can I really blame someone else ♪ ♪ For me being bad? ♪ ♪ I caused property damage ♪ ♪ And I made my sister sad ♪ ♪ I drove her away ♪ ♪ I was self-centered and mean ♪ ♪ Another dark tally ♪ ♪ For your list, Cricket Green ♪ ♪ Oh, the worst part of Christmas ♪ ♪ Is all the stuff I can't undo ♪ ♪ I didn't get what I wanted ♪ ♪ And what I had I lost too ♪ ♪ If anyone's listening ♪ ♪ I could really use a hand ♪ ♪ Nothing that happened today ♪ ♪ Went how I planned ♪ Why the long face, Cricket? Oh, you again. You look different. Are you here to remind me how naughty I am? Hmm. Well, I... Save your breath. I know where I stand. I just thought that if I wasn't gettin' any presents, then I was free to do whatever I wanted! But now I've messed everything up, for me and for Tilly! Hmm, I see. Christmas isn't always happy for everyone. And I knew you were having a hard time. Which is why I got you a gift. A... a gift? [Santa] This isn't just any gift. This is a magical gift. It can be anything you'd like. It can be a new bike, a toy tank... heck, a real tank! Anything you want for Christmas, you'll find inside. Thanks, Santa, but the only thing I want for Christmas doesn't come in a box. All I want is for Tilly to be put back on the nice list. Hmm, interesting. If that's what you want, Cricket, I'll see what I can do. Oh! And Santa, can I also ask to be at home and out of this blizzard? Ho ho ho! That sure does sound nice! Santa? Why, that no good stinking elf left me alone in a blizzard! If I ever see him again, I'll... - [vehicle approaching] - Hmm? [both] Cricket! Oh, thank goodness we found you! Mom! Dad! Oh, man, you guys won't believe what just happened to me! I... Oh. Hey, Tilly. [sighs] Ooo-wee! Christmas is just around the corner! Who's excited?! Ah, I see. Y'all must be savin' your enthusiasm for Christmas mornin'! Well, it won't be too long! [sighs] [gasps] Habababababa... Tilly! Tilly! Oh, my gosh, get up! You gotta see this! - Look, look, look, look! - Cricket, what is it? - [gasps] - It's a Christmas miracle! Wait, I don't get it. Why would Santa leave me presents? I ruined Christmas. Well, Santa gave me one Christmas wish, so I wished for you to be on the nice list. Cricket, you did that for me? I knew there was good in you, brother. Merry Christmas! Don't move, don't move! That's perfect for the first Christmas photo! - Blaaah! - [laughs] Ma, Nancy! Merry Christmas! - Oh, Merry Christmas, Bill. - Merry Christmas. Op, op, op! I don't wanna hear a word until after we exchange presents! Now, Bill, we've got something to tell you... We didn't get you anything. What in the world are you talkin' about? What would you call that?! [both scream] I know! It's perfect! And that's not all, we're gonna do every Christmas thing you wanna do today. Right, Alice? [sighs] Yup. Merry Christmas, Billy Boy. - Yippee! Say "tinsel"! - [camera shutter clicks] Cricket! You're not gonna believe this! This present's got your name on it! What?! Are you pullin' my leg?! See for yourself! No kidding... I must not be the only one who sees the good in you, brother. Uh-oh. I think a song is comin' on! - ♪ Oh... ♪ - Oh, it's that time again, huh? ♪ The best part of Christmas ♪ ♪ It ain't the gifts you get ♪ ♪ It's not the model rocket ♪ ♪ Or the robot pet ♪ ♪ It's not the things you give ♪ ♪ Even though that's what you'd think ♪ ♪ And it's not when giant Christmas trees ♪ ♪ Destroy the whole ice rink ♪ - Wait, what? - Uh, nothing. Keep going! ♪ It's not the basted ham ♪ ♪ With gravy and the trimmings ♪ ♪ It's kinda like what I said ♪ ♪ In the song at the beginning ♪ ♪ The best part of Christmas ♪ ♪ It ain't the candy canes ♪ ♪ Or drawin' little pictures ♪ ♪ In the frosted window panes ♪ ♪ Or decorating cookies with the sprinkles and the frosting ♪ ♪ It ain't the stupid ghosts ♪ ♪ And it sure ain't all the shopping ♪ ♪ It's not meeting Santa ♪ ♪ At his workshop at the mall ♪ ♪ It's when we wish each other ♪ [all] ♪ Merry Christmas ♪ ♪ One and all! ♪ [Cricket] Merry Christmas! ♪ I got sweat in my eyes ♪ ♪ Lost a bet and got bit by 100 flies ♪ ♪ I fell out a big old tree ♪ ♪ Hit every branch and scraped up both my knees ♪ ♪ I got chased by a dog ♪ ♪ Licked by a frog ♪ ♪ Got a rash on my legs ♪ ♪ Dropped a dozen eggs ♪ ♪ I got splinters at seven and ten ♪ ♪ And tomorrow, I'll do it all again ♪ 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 