What's New, Scooby-Doo?: Season 1, Episode 7 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 What's New, Scooby-Doo? 
 s1e7 - Roller Ghoster Ride - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 What's New, Scooby-Doo? (2002–2006): Season 1, Episode 7 - Roller Ghoster Ride - full transcript 
 A hideous, green, monkey-like creature known as the Roller Ghoster sabotages rides in a theme park. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 ♪ What's new Scooby-Doo I'm coming after you ♪ ♪ You're gonna solve that mystery ♪ ♪ I see you Scooby-Doo the trail leads back to you ♪ ♪ What's new Scooby-Doo? ♪ ♪ What's new Scooby-Doo we're gonna follow you ♪ ♪ You're gonna solve that mystery ♪ ♪ We see you Scooby-Doo we're coming after you ♪ ♪ What's new Scooby Doo? ♪ ♪ Don't look back you may find another clue ♪ ♪ The Scooby snacks will be waiting here for you ♪ ♪ What's new Scooby-Doo we're coming after you ♪ 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 ♪ You're gonna solve that mystery ♪ ♪ I see you Scooby-Doo the trail leads back to you ♪ ♪ What's new Scooby-Doo ♪ ♪ Na na na na na na na na ♪ ♪ Na na na na na ♪ ♪ Na na na na na na na na ♪ ♪ What's new Scooby-Doo ♪♪ Race, guys? You're just scared. I um, don't feel so good. Maybe I'll just pass on this ride. Don't be such a girl. Relax and enjoy it. Yay! - Whoo! - Whoo! - Whoa! - Whoo! 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 - Whoa! - Whoo! - Whoo! - Whoo! Would you cut that out? Hey, if it weren't for that game, Shaggy couldn't have won us all free tickets to Thrill Ride. No free tickets to the coaster park. Now there's a big loss. Guess the thrill of riding roller coasters is a guy thing. Tossing your cookies and calling it a fun sure sounds like a guy thing. 'Anyway, the best part of the prize' 'is I get to meet Chris and Terry in person.' - Who? - Chris and Terry. They designed the whole park. Now there's a couple of guys who know how to make a scary ride. Joy! Later, we can all go get measles shots. Welcome to Thrill Rides. Shaggy, right? And these must be your friends? Congratulations on winning the design your own roller coaster contest. We're actually building your design right here in the park. - Wanna see? - Sure. Eh, but when do we get to meet Chris and Terry? Those guys are my heroes. I'm Chris. The chipper one's my sister, Terry. You mean you guys are girls? But you design roller coasters. That's cool. These VIP passes will get you into every ride in the park. Oh, and also the food court. - Free food? - Sure, help yourselves. Let's go see your ride. It's almost finished. Eh, Scoob and I will catch up with you guys later. Where did you come up with the idea for a combination of roller-coaster and all-you-can-eat buffet? It just came to me, man. Well, all-you-can-hurl is gonna be a great ride. This is as cool as anything my sister's ever designed. Hmm. Chris, really come up with all the ideas. I just figure out how to build them make them safe and publicize them. The buffet line will be at the entrance to the right and the tracks start here. Up there is the pizza-pie peak. And that's the deviled egg drop. Grunt 'It's okay. I, like, saved the sandwich.' chomp 'Hey.' What do you mean you have to be at least this tall to ride? Yeah. I don't make the rules, kid. Sorry. It isn't very crowded for the most happenin' coaster park in the country. At least we don't have to wait in long lines. So what happens now? You'll see. Whirr Hey. Alright. Sky diving just rocks. Growl Jinkies, look. The floor. 'That's not all. The fan's slowing down.' - We've got to jam the fan. - But how? Boom Thud Good thinking, Daphne. That belt didn't work with this outfit anyway. - You kids alright? - Barely. The ride broke down. I can't believe it happened again. Again? First it was the parasail. Then the cliff diving simulator, now this. - Sir? - Sorry, call me Sam. I'm the safety engineer. When the rides aren't up to snuff, I shut 'em down. And that's been happening a lot lately? Yeah, since that gremlin of a ghost started showing up. Ghost? Well, folks call it the Roller Ghoster. Never seen it myself. Whatever did this wasn't a ghost. I never cared for these new fangled extreme rides anyway. Bungee jumping, thrashing, skydiving. Now what is fun about that? Because skydiving is awesome. - Until the fan breaks. - That's the problem. They're too dangerous, too high-tech. The old classic rides were better. Oh, I used to enjoy seein' the kids on Mr. Snail's Brisk Walk. Well, girls, looks like we've got a mystery on our hands. - I'll say! - Let's split up. Velma, you go and see if the sisters know anything about this Roller Ghoster. Right, and Fred and I will take a closer look at some of these rides. Strange things have been happening here. If you're not careful, the next ride could be your last. Terry? Chris? Yoohoo! Hmm. Looks like they ditched us, Scoob. Wanna hit some rides until they show up again? Uh, okay. What do you mean I'm too short? How tall do you have to be to stand in a ball? Sorry, kid. Not as sorry as you're gonna be! Where ya goin', Scoob? The ride's this way. Nothing to be afraid of, old buddy. See, it's fun. See, Scoob, that wasn't so ba-a-ad! Hello? Terry? Chris? Are you here? - Hmm. - Velma? Oh, there you are, I was looking for you and your sister. She's around here some place. What's wrong? One of your rides almost made a salad out of me and my friends. - Oh, no, the Roller Ghoster? - So you know about him? Well, I.. Grunt This is Harry Harrison, crusading reporter I'm webcasting from the Thrill Rides theme park. Talking to Chris about persistent rumors 'that the park is haunted, Chris?' It's not haunted, you muck-raking loser. How do you explain all the so called accidents? We're very sorry about that. We're doing everything we can to make the ride safe. How do we know you aren't responsible? Wouldn't a big expose about a haunted park increase traffic on your website? Sure, blame the media. Keep running. We're headed for that cliff. Booh! You think you could run faster for a Scooby snack? Yeah. Two Scooby snacks? Ye-ye-ye-yeah! Crash What happened to you guys? - Monster. - You saw the Roller Ghoster? - Where? - Gone now. Well, that's okay, we'll catch him. I don't know, we've been on almost every ride in the park and there's not a trace of him anywhere. Then our odds are improving. Look, it's the fastest rollercoaster in the world. The fastest. I guess the thrill of riding rollercoasters is a girl thing now, huh? Wasting time, must ride coaster. Why, why, why? Too short, little man. 'Go play on the bumper cars.' I'll get even. You'll see. You'll all see. Wait up, guys. I think the rides may have been tampered with. That's what we're counting on. We're gonna catch the ghost. Ghost-smost! This ride's gonna be super sonic. But.. Aah! Huh? Whirr Here we go! G-force, g-force, g-force. Growling - Yeah! - Like, look! Grunt Are you guys alright? My rocket coaster. It's ruined. Update, the Roller Ghoster has struck again. Hey, you're that suspicious guy I saw in line at the sky ride. Look what I found. What kind of ghost uses a wrench? Like one that has a screw loose. - Ha ha ha. Get it, Scoob? - Yeah. He he he. Give me that, it's mine. I didn't do it. It's just my wrench. You don't have to say another word. But.. - Come on. - Where are we going? To get some answers. Remember the piece of green fur I found? It proves something very important. - W-what's that? - Easy, it's artificial fur. Which proves the Roller Ghoster is just someone in a costume. Someone like Harry? Someone like scary. I need one last thing to confirm my theory. - Chris? - Y-yeah? Where do you have the broken rides fixed? - Sam. - Now this was a good ride. It was real fun for the kids. Safe too if they didn't jump around too much. Uh, they don't make 'em like this anymore. Ah-ha! That's why you did it, isn't it? - What? - You hate new rides. It would be easy for you to sabotage them. - It's not him, Fred. - I know.. It's not? - Oh, my bad. - Hmph! The rides weren't really sabotaged. They were just gimmicked to look sabotaged. - Right, Sam? - Right. They looked broken. But when I went to fix 'em, they were completely safe. Ah-ha, that means my theory is probably right. But we'll need to catch our ghost red-handed to be sure. I've got just the plan. All I need is for someone to be the bait. Hey, why's everybody looking at us? Really, is there anything we won't do for Scooby snacks? - Uh-uh! - Well, Scoob. I guess that wraps up the case. Now that we know who the Roller Ghoster is there's nothing left to do but call the police from the pay phones near the skate park. - Like, how'd I do? - So-so. Stay alert, Scoob, now that the Roller Ghoster thinks that we're on to him, he'll be after us. ♪ I've got better things to do ♪ ♪ Better things to listen to ♪ ♪ Than all your ranting and raving on me ♪ ♪ It's all of the time now ♪ ♪ And it's too late for you to find reality here ♪ ♪ Now I want you out of my life ♪ ♪ What they say is you're out of your mind ♪ ♪ I regret the days gone by ♪ ♪ And all my alibis ♪ ♪ It makes me want to cry ♪ ♪ But you're out of my life when I'm saying ♪ ♪ I'm saying goodbye yeah ♪ ♪ Yeah ♪ ♪ Now I've got you out of my life ♪ ♪ And I've got you out of my mind ♪ ♪ I regret the days gone by ♪ ♪ And all my alibis ♪ ♪ It makes me want to cry ♪ ♪ But you're out of my life when I'm saying ♪ ♪ I'm saying goodbye yeah ♪ ♪ You're out of my life ♪ ♪ When I'm saying saying goodbye yeah ♪♪ crash It's all over, Roller Ghoster. Time to unmask your monstrous mayhem. You lost your wrench at the rocket coaster. That's not all. I wasn't green fur we found at the sky ride. It was hair from a green wig. All of which proves that the Roller Ghoster is really.. '...Chris.' Terry? Just as I suspected. But why would my own sister frame me? Maybe because she was jealous. It's true. I always did all the work. Bringing your crazy designs to life. Never getting to build any of my own. Did I ever get any credit or even a thank you? I never thought about it like that. You never thought at all. You were easy to frame. Too easy. That's what tripped you up. The wrench was way too obvious a clue. And the green fur, green hair thing, please. Sort of a green herring. Ooh, never go for green herring, man. It isn't fresh. Once Sam confirmed that the sabotaged rides were still safe everything pointed to Terry who wanted to make sure no one really got hurt. And after her sister was blamed, Terry would control the park. She could build whatever she wanted. And I would've gotten away with it too if it weren't for you meddling kids. Technically, you did get away with it. Velma's right. You didn't do anything illegal. Just rude. I'm very disappointed in you, Terry. - I'm telling mom. - Huh? No, wait a minute. Let's not be hasty. Mom doesn't need to know about this. Chris, wait. So how come I wasn't a suspect? You're too short to wear the costume. Oh, man! But you know what you're not too short for? - Thanks, Shaggy. - No problem, pal. 'Hold on tight.' Hey, we're landing in a giant hot fudge sundae! Yeah, the best rides today are like interactive. We have to eat our way out. Scooby Dooby Do-o-o! 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 