What's New, Scooby-Doo?: Season 1, Episode 11 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 What's New, Scooby-Doo? 
 s1e11 - Lights! Camera! Mayhem! - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 What's New, Scooby-Doo? (2002–2006): Season 1, Episode 11 - Lights! Camera! Mayhem! - full transcript 
 When the Faceless Phantom drives the stunt men off of a movie set, the gang volunteers to replace them. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 ♪ What's new Scooby-Doo? ♪ ♪ We're coming after you ♪ ♪ We're gonna solve that mystery ♪ ♪ I see you Scooby-Doo ♪ ♪ The trail leads back to you ♪ ♪ What's new Scooby-Doo? ♪ ♪ What's new Scooby-Doo? ♪ ♪ We're gonna follow you ♪ ♪ You're gonna solve that mystery ♪ ♪ We see you Scooby-Doo ♪ ♪ We're coming after you ♪ 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 ♪ What's new Scooby-Doo? ♪ ♪ Don't look back ♪ ♪ You may find another clue ♪ ♪ Scooby Snax will be waiting here for you ♪ ♪ What's new Scooby-Doo? ♪ ♪ We're coming after you ♪ ♪ You're gonna solve that mystery ♪ ♪ I see you Scooby-Doo ♪ ♪ The trail leads back to you ♪ ♪ What's new Scooby-Doo? ♪ ♪ Na na na na na na na na na na ♪ ♪ Na na-na na na-na na ♪ ♪ Na na na na na na na na na na ♪ ♪ What's new Scooby-Doo? ♪ 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 So, Teen Super Spy Deac Rivers at last you face me the insidious Dr. Bikini. I pity our first meeting shall also be our last. I hate long goodbyes, doctor. They get me all chocked up. After him you incompetent dotes. Cut! Great job, Jim. Okay, swap in the stunt double. All set, Bull? Settle, everyone, and.. Action! Abandon this production all who wish to live! 'Hollywood, California, I can't believe we're here.' 'It sure was nice of your aunt' 'to arrange a studio tour just for us, Velma.' What's the point of having a glamorous job like G-studio accountant if you can't pull some strings. Welcome to Piranha studios. May I help you? We've like come to see the movie stars. Well, look here, you can't just waltz on to it. Mrs. Dinkly from accounting left a drive in pass for us. Oh, that's different. I'm sorry, kids, it's just that security has been tightened ever since.. Well, never mind. You kids go on and have a good time now. I wonder why studio security has been tightened. Like, who cares! As long as we're in Hollywood surrounded by nice, normal movie stars instead of some group of ghoulish creeps. Here we are in stage 27. Now remember to play it cool around these movie stars. Okay, girls? Girls? - Hi! - Hi! And to what do I owe the pleasure of receiving the rapt attention of two such very lovely ladies? Are you a movie star? I am an actor. Alas! The thespian gifts of Roderick Kingston.. Yours truly, are currently being wasted. I'm but a mere stand in for... Aah! - Chip Hernandez, Jr! - Where? Where? Aah! Will you please sign this for me. I'm just your number one fan. Wow! I've never seen him act like that before. Yes, I'm quite used to it. Bull, you can't quit. What are we going to do without your stunt team? Sorry, Mr. Wong. I'll risk my neck doing any fools stunt but when it comes to ghosts count me and my team, out. You must be Vincent Wong. The famous Hong Kong action director. More importantly, didn't he also just say ghosts? Sadly, yes. I started out to directing this teen spy beach movie. But it's turning into a horror film. Thanks to that Faceless Phantom! Faceless Phantom? According to studio legend ghost of the movie idol Rip Bannon has haunted the back plot, ever since he was lost 'in a tragic fire many years ago.' Oh, right, Rip's most famous role was in the Deac Rivers teen super spy film. "Spy Me a River." The very film we're remaking. Looks like we're not making anything. No stunt team, no movie. Okay! All done here, thanks. - Bye! - No, no, no! Don't go! We solve mysteries all the time, stay. We'll do the stunts, we're always in crazy situations. Right, gang? Sure, if we were the stunt team that would keep us close to the action. Uh, it's a bit unorthodox. Okay, let's get you to wardrobe. Our costumer Vicky will make you look the part in no time. Hold on! I have just one little word for this idea.. No, no, no! No! No! No! No! But Shaggy you look fabulous in this. Blue certainly doesn't cramp your style. I'm not worried about cramping my style. I'm worried about breaking my neck. Chip Hernandez, Jr. is counting on us. I can hear his dreamy voice even now. Shh! That is his voice listen. 'No, it really is that bad.' I want off this picture, Sid. I can't follow up a mega hit like "The Modem" with this peace of teen fluff. Dude, make it happen, or I walk. I love "The Modem." Who would have thought an exciting sci-fi picture could take place inside a fax machine. I wonder. 'Velma, you can't suspect Chip.' 'Even we amazingly cute are not above suspicion.' Yeah, like he maybe a wolf in Chip's clothing. Split up, Gang! Hey, Scooby, Shaggy! What's going on here? Like, ask him. The phantom, well.. I'm not going to let the small detail like the ghost of a disfigured teen idol stop me. Let's start rolling! Right on, Vincent. We're with you. Scooby, where are you going? What do you know, that spooky samurai armor. - Good going, Scoob. - Shh! 'Hey, what's Roderick Kingston' 'doing in Chip Hernandez, Junior's trailer.' Hey, you! Who's there? Let me see your lot pass. Don't shoot! I'm wearing studio property. Oh, it's you two. I heard the phantom was around here. Hmm, I wonder what he could want. Like, maybe a dressing room. I guess studio phantoms don't get their own trailers. Like, I'd rather have a limo. It's no use, Fred. Your head's just too big to fit into Chip's helmet. Too much brain, I guess. Then we're just going to have to find someone with a smaller head. What? Whatever it is, I'm not gonna do it. Um! Delicious! But I still don't want to do it. Shaggy is right. He can't possibly do the stunt like this. Ah! Finally. Sanity prevails. It's a much better stunt with a dog on the back. Wait, wait.. This isn't in the script. I-I didn't write this, it doesn't make any sense. Trust me! It's better like this. Okay, places, roll sound and... action! No worries, pal, we are not budging. 'Like I never thought I'd see Scooby-Doo' 'jump the shark.' Abandon this film or face my wrath! You okay, Shaggy? Talk about a bad facelift. That guy had his face lifted clean off. Did you get it? Were you rolling. That was gold, pure gold! That came from Chip's trailer. Come on! Hurry! Chip, are you alright. What happened? What's wrong? What's wrong? Look at my face. My beautiful face! 'It can't be my make up. It's hypoallergenic.' - Um, avocado. - I'm allergic to avocado. That's it, man. I quit! You can't walk off this movie. We got a contract. Contract or no contract, I'm done! - Huh! Spoiled brat. - Hmm. Looks like the only way to get film in can today is to shoot more stunts. - You game, Fred. - I'm in. Okay, Freddy, remember.. You're Deac Rivers Team Super Spy and you're crossing the bridge of death into Dr. Bikini's 'inferno lair.' Half way across, you're attacked by an angry swarm of bees. Your costume will protect you a little. But act scared, okay? Scared, right! Rolling, places! 'Everyone settle and action!' Cue bees! 'Oh, no! It's the Faceless Phantom.' That bee suit won't protect Freddy for long. Come on! You'll be okay, there's first aid ointment in the security office. I think Shaggy and Scooby are gonna need a lot more than I do. - Oh, ho! Honey! - Honey! Hey, guys, look what I found. An old scrap book filled with pictures of classic movie stars. 'Looks like Old Pete's been' 'saving these clippings as souvenirs.' 'Look, here's a photo of Rip Bannon.' 'The Faceless Phantom himself.' 'Yeah, like, back when he had a face.' There's a whole bunch of Rip Bannon photos. What would Old Pete be doing with these? Velma, you are needed on the set, right now. 'Okay, Velma, we're ready for you.' Come on! You look great. I can't do it. Everyone will be looking at me. Yeah, isn't it great. Ready for your stunt? Oh, I was so mortified by the costume I forgot to be nervous about that. What am I doing? All you have to do is jump off this ledge and freefall until these nearly invisible guide wires slow your drop and, voila, you're finished. Yeah, that's what I was afraid off. Do you want a Scooby Snack? Ready, up there? Okay, camera and action! Here goes nothing. Jink-i-i-ies! Okay, everything's fine. Perfectly safe. Falling according to plan. That wasn't a part of the plan. Jink-i-i-ies! Aah! Aah! Oh! Oh! Hang in there, Velma. Aah! Okay, Scoob, let her Rip. Thud Good catch, Shaggy! Who would have thought the emergency nap center I installed for Shaggy would be used in an actual emergency. Man, like, when I need a nap bad that is an emergency. That's strange, your harness and wires look fine. It wasn't sabotage. Like, Fred, if those are Velma's wires whose are these? Hmm, an extra set of wires. Looks like Velma wasn't the only one using special effects to fall. That explains why the phantom just hung there for a minute after the bridge collapsed. Our Faceless Phantom is a phony-fake. And you know what that means. That we phone the cops and head to the beach. That we flush out that make-believe mischief-maker. Looks like the man with the van has got a plan. I'd like, rather get a tan. Yo, Vincent, I'm, like, back. Oh, the prodigal star returns. Bizarre. So, you're back to finish the movie. Why the change of heart? My lawyer said I had to. Good enough for me. 'People, people!' We're about to shoot the most exciting climax ever. So lets focus. Daphne, you'll be doubling for Deac Rivers' flirtatious love interest and Russian military contact. Major Smoochie. You'll jump your horse over Dr. Bikini's minions and land on the speeding train where Deac is bound and gagged. Save him then we cut. Roll camera, cue train, and Action! Like, sorry, Mr. Faceless, sir. Believe me this wasn't my idea. Okay, gang, now! Good work, Fred, you got him. Oops! You don't got him! Is there a plan B, Freddy? Yeah! Run! ♪ I won't go out with you ♪ ♪ I don't wanna walk around with you ♪ ♪ I don't wanna walk around with you ♪ ♪ So why you wanna walk around with me? ♪ ♪ Ooh ooh ooh I don't want to walk around with you ♪ ♪ Ooh ooh ooh I don't want to walk around with you ♪ ♪ I don't wanna walk around with you ♪ ♪ I don't wanna walk around with you ♪ ♪ I don't wanna walk around with you ♪ ♪ So why wanna walk around with me? ♪ ♪ Ooh ooh ooh I don't want to walk around with you ♪ ♪ Ooh ooh ooh I don't want to walk around with you ♪ ♪ Alright ♪ ♪ I don't wanna walk around with you ♪ ♪ I don't wanna walk around with you ♪ ♪ I don't wanna walk around with you ♪ ♪ So why you wanna walk around with me? ♪ ♪ Ooh ooh ooh I don't want to walk around with you ♪ ♪ Ooh ooh ooh I don't want to walk around with you ♪♪ 'Vincent Wong!' I'm befuddled, bewildered and bethought. What's going on here? It's all very simple. We arranged for Chip to pretend to return to the movie in order to act as bait. But how did you know Chip himself wasn't the phantom? Because Chip can't do anything. The phantom could scale walls do acrobatics and seem to fly. Chip can't even act. Yeah, but check out my cheek bones. We knew the phantom must be someone trying to shutdown the production. But that could still be anybody. Yeah, "Spy me a River." Blawwh! Come on! Nobody wants to make this picture. Especially Vincent Wong an important Hong Kong action director dreams of making an American film and gets stuck with this. Then I remembered that Vincent started his career at the Peking Opera School. From childhood the students are trained 'to do amazing feats, which come in handy' 'in the world of Hong Kong action films' 'or creating a convincing Faceless Phantom.' It's true, I was so excited to make a Hollywood movie. I didn't even read the script till after I signed on. By then it was too late. Aah! Doesn't anybody read the script? Then I thought if enough people quit the studio will shut us down and I get to direct a different movie. So, you played up the old studio legend about the Faceless Phantom. Yes, I'm so sorry! Scooby's right, you were with us when the phantom chased us around in that samurai suit. Yeah, I'm afraid that was me, Shaggy. I've been keeping a close eye on every aspect of this movie. But, like, why? Because Old Pete is really Rip Bannon. Isn't that right Rip? Afraid so. You see, "Spying me a River" was my biggest film. I just wanted to see it done right. 'You see, way back when we were doing that fire' 'nobody saw me get out of there.' But my face.. I had been so handsome. I couldn't let my public see me. Not, not like, like this. Why Pete? It's the tiniest scar I've ever seen. It's barely even noticeable. You really think so? Oh, well, I suppose I'd rather go to jail than to have my name on this movie. Jail? What for? Nobody got hurt. You were only using your mastery of theatrical effects to scare us. I just hated this movie so much! Huh, join the club, dude. Hey, maybe there's a way this could work out for all of us. 'New live movie premier.' 'Talk about glamorous.' 'Chip Hernandez, Jr. And Vincent Wong's' ' "The Modem 2."' Congratulations, it's looks like you've got a big hit on your hands. Well, we wouldn't have gotten away with it if it weren't for you wonderful meddling kids. - And Scooby-Doo. - Hey, where is Scooby? And nachos and, uh, jumbo popcorn. Scooby-Dooby-Doo! 'On second thought.. Hold the popcorn.' OpenSubtitles recommends using Nord VPN from 3.49 USD/month ----> osdb.link/vpn  
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 