What's New, Scooby-Doo?: Season 1, Episode 14 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 What's New, Scooby-Doo? 
 s1e14 - Scooby-Doo Christmas - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 What's New, Scooby-Doo? (2002–2006): Season 1, Episode 14 - Scooby-Doo Christmas - full transcript 
 The gang gets stranded in a town where a headless snowman is on the loose and Christmas isn't celebrated. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Come on, guys. This is where I found him. Hey, Tommy, I dare you to go grab the carrot. It's the Headless Snowman! Boy, Daphne, it sure was nice of your uncle... ...to let us use his condo over Christmas. If we can ever get there. I can't see anything through this snowstorm. And the road sure is icy. Shaggy, Scooby, you okay back there? Like, we're just wrapping a few presents. Oh, no, the bridge is out. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Now we'll never get there. Like, where are we supposed to spend Christmas Eve? Why don't we head back to the last town... ...and see if there's a detour. Jeepers! I wonder what that was all about. Why don't you ask him. Shaggy, that's just a snowman. Come on, gang. It's awful chilly. Let's get inside for some Christmas cookies and cocoa. Wait for me! Me too! Coming through. Oh, great. Just what we need, out-of-towners. Hey, what happened to goodwill toward men? 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 And girls. After all, it's Christmas. Don't say that word around here. Winter Hollow doesn't celebrate Christmas. You wouldn't celebrate it either... ...if it meant having to deal with the Headless Snowman. Headless? For years now, he's been terrorizing this town. Shows up right before Christmas and tears this place apart. All right. Easy there, Jeb. Don't you kids listen to a word of this. I'm Sheriff Perkins, and old Jeb here is about as reliable... ...as the fox guarding the henhouse. The Headless Snowman is real. How else do you explain all them chimneys coming down? Those antique chimneys are two days older than dirt. Now, I don't wanna hear another word about this Headless Snowman business. Sheriff, we still need to get to our condo in Mill's Corners tonight. We were hoping you could recommend a detour. Mill's Corners? Oh, I don't think so. With the bridge out, the only way is to go back down 45... ...to where the old schoolhouse used to be. Then you pick up Route 82 for a couple hours. Cut across the top of the state... ...till you get to the barn where the cow's painted-- Maybe we should stay in Winter Hollow for the night. Oh, yeah. Creepy legend, 9-foot snow monster... ...a whole town that hates Christmas. Like, break out the mistletoe, man, it's winter wonderland. Wow, I've never even heard of Winter Hollow before... ...but it seems to be quite the tourist spot. These aren't tourists. They're townsfolk. Who are you? I'm Asa Buckwald, and this is my inn. Boy, your business sure is booming. Well, it's all due to that headless menace. Each Christmas it destroys houses around these parts... ...and, well, folks need a place to stay. People here in Winter Hollow haven't celebrated Christmas in such a long time. Fact is, some of the young ones have never even seen a Christmas tree. Do you have any rooms left for us? Well, this here is the only one I have left. Leave it to me, gang. A woman's touch. I don't watch the remodeling channel for nothing. I think it's time for my classic holiday sandwich: A yam, marshmallow, and sweet relish club. Yummy! I don't see any bread. Well, this fruitcake will have to do. Man, Scoob, your stomach sure is noisy. Like, either Santa had a crash landing... ...or the Headless Snowman has been here. Wow, Sheriff, you sure got here fast. Well, the flashing red-and-blue thing on top of my car helps that along. Can you tell us what happened? Well, I was up anyway, just hoping Santa might come. But then the fire went out and I got really, really cold. And then it was there, the Headless Snowman. How is Santa going to come if we don't have a chimney? Well, maybe we can put it back together. Man, these bricks sure are heavy. I hate that stupid snowman. All because of him, we don't get Christmas. Hey, don't give up, Tommy. After all, we've still got a few more hours to save Christmas. Come on, guys, it's time to catch that snowman. The tracks end right here at this snowdrift. Run! Quick! In here! Sorry, man. Like, occupied! Santa! I called the professor and he's on his way. Like, who is this guy again? Professor Higginson? Why, he wrote the book on Winter Hollow's ghost. Works up at that college in Mill's Corners. Well, Asa, it looks like you got your way after all. Check us in. Can't stay in a freezing cold house. Now, don't be that way, Mortimer. You know at Christmastime it's safer for everyone to move here for a while. Can we celebrate you-know-what here? We'll sure try, son. Asa, the key? Seems like half the town's moved in since that headless horror showed up. Asa's business is booming. I wonder.... Asa, where is it? Where's the Headless Snowman? Take me there immediately. Professor Higginson, these are the kids I told you about. Thanks for coming quickly, professor. Well, it's not that far to Mill's Corners University. Besides, I'd travel hundreds of miles... ...to see the actual ghost of Blackjack Brody. -Like, who? -Blackjack Brody. Legend has it, he's the Headless Snowman. That's right. But the legend of the Headless Snowman... ...really starts Christmas Eve, 1823... ...when this man, Shamus Fagan, rode into Winter Hollow. He had just immigrated from the old country with a fortune in gold. Sadly, Shamus Fagan wasn't the only one on that desolate road... ...for Blackjack Brody, the infamous highwayman... ...was laying in wait to rob any helpless wayward traveler. Did he get away with it? He got away with the gold, he didn't exactly get away. The villagers formed a posse. For days they searched every nook and cranny of Winter Hollow. Did they ever catch him? No, it was the blizzard that caught Blackjack Brody. When they dug him out of that snowman... ...he was completely cavered in chimney soot. -What happened to the gold? -Never found. Legend has it that Blackjack Brody yearns for it still. His ghost forever trapped in that frozen tomb of a snowman. It's more than a legend. That frosty freak just demolished most of little Tommy's house. Of course! One of the original Winter Hollow homes! That's the oldest house in town. Except maybe Jeb's. Well, I must check out Tommy's house right away. It must be Christmas. I thought for sure we'd have to go with him. Yeah. Don't worry, Shaggy. We're not spending Christmas Eve in a spooky old house... ...where a ghost just appeared. We're spending Christmas Eve in a spooky old house... ...where a ghost is going to appear. Old Jeb's house. How's that sound? Like, ho, ho, horrible! Hello? Jeb? Looks like nobody's home. He couldn't have gone far. His fire's still burning. Let's write him that note, Freddy. What note is that, Velma? That he's in danger. How we discovered that the Headless Snowman... ...is targeting the oldest houses in town. And-- Hey, who turned out the lights? So cold. Hey, Scoob, looks like we lost him. Shaggy! Cold! Yeah. And I don't even like taking a bath when the water's hot. Shaggy! Scooby! Fred, watch out for those icebergs. It's Shaggy and Scooby. -What happened? -You were a human Popsicle. We need to get you two back to the inn for a nice, cozy hot cocoa. What about the Headless Snowman? Let him get his own cocoa. Sheriff Perkins. What are you doing way out here? I heard there was commotion with that Snowman. I found suspicious footprints leading from Jeb's place and followed them. If I see that monster, you'll be the first to know. That's okay. You can put us farther down on the list. After, say, the highway patrol... ...and the U.S. Marines. You know, this isn't the first time the sheriff's shown up... ...right after the snowman's made an appearance. But how about Asa? The more chimneys that fall, the better his inn seems to do. And that Jeb guy sure wants all visitors out of his town. Look, here's the professor's book. "Local Legends of New England by William Fagan Higginson, Ph.D." Fagan. That name seems to be popular around these parts. Find the chapter about the Headless Snowman. Let's see. It says that, "Blackjack Brody was laid to rest... ...in the Winter Hollow cemetery." Let's split up. Velma and Daphne, you come along with me. Shaggy and Scooby, you two have been through enough tonight. You should just stay here and keep warm. Like, Fred, that's the best split-up suggestion you've ever had. Now, this is more like it. Hey, the fire's gone out. Well, we don't have to worry about the Headless Snowman... ...unless the room gets very cold. Zoinks! Okay. Everything's in place. This year, summer comes early to Winter Hollow. Now, all we need is Shaggy and Scooby to lure him here. Now, that's what I call teamwork. Come on, girls, it's showtime! Now! I'm melting! I'm melting! Oh, what a world! And the Headless Snowman is really.... -Nobody? -Wait. Professor Higginson? Professor, the time has come for your lecture. So when I did research on the town law... ...I learned that the highwayman Blackjack Brody robbed a man in 1823... ...and concealed the gold before they found him. Blackjack Brody hid the stolen gold in a chimney. That's why he was covered in soot. Well, that gold is rightfully mine. Why? Are you a descendant of Blackjack Brody? No. He's William Fagan Higginson. A descendant of the man Blackjack robbed, Shamus Fagan. It's true. Brody robbed my great-grandfather... ...and Christmas was ruined for my family ever since. The professor used the Headless Snowman... ...to cover his search of people's chimneys. Because his disguise was made of snow... ...he had to refrigerate every home he broke into. It was all for nothing. I wanted my great-grandfather's gold, but all I found were bricks. Wait a second. Gold. Bricks. Are you thinking what I'm thinking? Let's go. With a little elbow grease.... Like, wow! Real gold! They're all gold! Well, bust my buttons. So Blackjack Brody hid the gold bullion bricks in the chimney. So the gold slips through my fingers once again. And I suppose I'll have to go to jail for all the trouble I caused. Just another reason for me to hate Christmas. I think it's sad what happened to the professor's family. Since it's Christmas, can't we just forgive him? Like anyone in Winter Hollow is going to forgive me. Well, I forgive you. After all I've done, you're giving me a present? Like, isn't that what Christmas is all about? I think we all lost sight of that. Well, professor, this was your family's gold. Yeah. I reckon it's rightfully yours now. What? Mine? Well, maybe it is. But now it's my turn to give. This gold belongs to the whole town! You don't have to do that. But I want to. I'm so sorry I ruined your homes and your holiday. There's enough here for everybody. Now, that's what I call the spirit of Christmas. Here's to Professor Higginson, the richest man in town. Look! Hey! It's a merry Christmas after all! Merry Christmas, Tommy. Merry Christmas, everybody! Like, there's only one thing missing. Well, will you look at that. I was gonna say presents, but that's pretty good too. Scooby-Dooby-Doo-be-Dooby-Doo 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 