Below Deck: Season 6, Episode 3 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Below Deck 
 s6e3 - Episode #6.3 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Below Deck (2013–…): Season 6, Episode 3 - Episode #6.3 - full transcript 
 Rhylee's outburst with Chandler puts her at odds with the entire Deck Team. Meanwhile, Kate and Josiah comfort an emotionally broken Caroline after she receives some devastating news from ... 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Previously on Previously on "Below Deck"... - I'm very relaxed running the deck. I don't like to micromanage, and I don't like any hierarchy. - Have you had-- you've never-- Really? - Mm-hmm. Let it go. This one, Chandler. Does it go ball first on bow and then the-- - I really don't have time to walk Rhylee through the setup. - I just feel like-- like you could snap. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 - [laughs] - It's not a bad thing. - That I could snap? Yeah, that's a bad thing. I have a very complicated relationship with my parents. I grew up in a very toxic household. - Us three are gonna go over. - What would you have me on? - Someone needs to stay on here. - In Alaska, I'm a captain. I'm not stupid. You can tell me one thing and I should be able to do it just fine. - Remember the rules: don't embarrass yourself, don't embarrass the boat. - We're just starting to have a good time. What's going on? - No ----ing excuses tomorrow. 6:00 on deck. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 - You're pissing everybody else off for ----ing-- - Stop talking right now. I will not put up with this kind of disrespect. You just straight up lost your sh--. - Sorry to speak while you're ----ing interrupting. [air horn blows] [upbeat music] ♪ ♪ - Listen here. Chandler's your boss. - You weren't in the van when he told me he wasn't my boss at that time and I could speak to him freely. So understand that. - What happened in the cab? 'Cause I'm Team Chandler, so what happened? - I have been on Team Chandler all along, until about 30 minutes ago. - Well, what happened in the cab? - I said, "May I speak freely?" And I said, "Well, in my opinion, "if you make us all get up at 6:00, then you're gonna piss the deck crew off." And then he said... - Yeah, duh. - "Stop ----ing talking to me." And I said, "Okay, are you saying that to me as a boss or as a friend?" - Both. - That's what he said. - He was right. - I said I will do whatever it is he requires of us... and then he stormed out of the van. - I understand why she's frustrated, but Rhylee just needs to shut the (BLEEP) up, stop talking. She needs to know her place. - You seemed upset about it earlier. - Well, I'm upset with the way that it went down because I feel like I was disrespected by Chandler. - You just straight up lost your sh--. - [scoffs] - I'm just telling you right now, we're-- - I got it! I'm-- I said to you in the ----ing van, and I said it just five minutes ago, I will do what you've asked me to do. Sorry to speak while you're ----ing interrupting. - I don't know who Rhylee thinks she is. I have never dealt with this kind of disrespect before. I'm done. - Good night, Chandler. - Yeah, I'm gonna ----ing blow up if I'm being ----ing spoken to like a (BLEEP). Maybe I'm just misunderstanding the whole way... - Point. - He asked-- - I understand what happened, but now you are the only person here raising your voice, and if I were you, I would go to sleep. 'Cause you have to be on deck at 6:00 am. - I'm gonna do whatever the (BLEEP) I'm gonna do. I can say whatever the (BLEEP) I want to say. - So then it's okay to speak to people disrespectfully? I'm confused. - Are you? Or are you just being condescending? - Just don't dig a hole deeper. I would just stop. I think Rhylee's a little bit confused. She has no yachting experience, and she needs to respect everyone else above her. And everyone else is above her. - I'm good. I don't give a (BLEEP). - Was that too much? - Kate, you're never too much. - It's just alcohol, bro. - What is Chandler pissed off about? - All I know is that you've gotta get your ----ing ass up at 5:45. - How are you feeling? - [sighs] Some bosun. - I'll see you in a second. Hopefully you're asleep. ♪ ♪ - This is bullsh--. [upbeat music] [alarm buzzes] ♪ ♪ - (BLEEP) - I can go on no sleep and still do my ----ing job. I do it all summer long. It's not gonna affect me. ♪ ♪ - Good morning, cuzzy. How are you? So where did we start and where did we finish yesterday? It was like an hour and a half of everyone waiting for you. Then she got out of hand. I'm glad she woke up and got to work like a professional, but she dug herself into a deep hole last night and she's yet to crawl out of it. We're gonna have a serious conversation. - Okay. [lively music] ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ - [groans] [somber music] I got an email from my mother this morning and she's going through early-onset dementia. I've struggled with it, especially because she's in denial about it. ♪ ♪ Just hearing from her, it just puts me back in this very dark, sad place. ♪ ♪ It's heartbreaking really. It's heartbreaking. So if you just rinse it, I'll come behind and dry. [upbeat music] ♪ ♪ - [laughs] - Yeah. - I will never punish anybody that way. - [laughs] - I regret speaking to Kate the way I did. I know I have a temper, but Chandler not talking to me today, I think he's a prick. - Can you just keep pissing people off more than I do, so that the attention's on you... - No, no. - Not on me. [chuckles] ♪ ♪ - [humming] Peanut butter chocolate something. - Do you know what time they started? - I think 6:00. - 6:00. That was a punishment. - Okay, who ----ed up? - Well, Rhylee, rank doesn't have a lot of value to her. - It will. - It should. [laughter] [upbeat music] ♪ ♪ - Let me know if you're okay with the Jacuzzi as is or if you want me to put a little more elbow grease into it for now. - It's fine for now. - Kate, Chandler, Adrian, can I get you guys up to the wheelhouse for a preference sheet meeting, please? - Copy. - Morning. - Morning, Chandler. - Morning. - Adrian. Here's what we have coming up. Co-primaries, Alan and Danielle. - Yay! I love them. Alan and Danielle are, like, the loveliest charter guests I've ever had, and unfortunately, they had the worst luck ever. - We are without a chef. He's packing now. - Our chef quit. What's in there? - Grenadine, full French. - Ooh, it's gonna taste amazing! They're gonna love it! - Our stewardess, she put grenadine in their oysters. - [retches] - Wait, what? - These people deserve the perfect charter. - 53rd birthday for Alan, which is first day of the charter, and they got engaged four days ago. When they get on board tomorrow, we'll get off the dock as soon as we can and give them long massages on the way down, and then we're taking them to this natural cave that's really cool. Alan wants impeccable service, midnight pajama party, Polynesian luau dinner celebration on the beach. - Should be fun for them. - [laughs] For them. - We've got a lot to do before tomorrow. - Oh, gosh. [upbeat music] ♪ ♪ - Gonna grab some lunch. - Is it hard to plan for guests in advance? - Extremely hard. - So you just order what you think is probably gonna come up? - So I use my third eye. I, like, meditate on it. - Oh, yeah? - And I'm like, "Allergic to fish." Okay. - [laughs] - Lots of fruit. Then I--and it always works out. I order exactly what they want. It's incredible. Like, I don't know how I do it. - Whatever you're doing, keep doing it. It's working well for us. [both laugh] - Is this-- what is this? - I'm just folding it. It's a queen. - Oh, okay, cool. So are you excited for charter two? - Super stoked. [chuckles] - What's going on? - [hyperventilating] - Sorry. [sniffles] [dramatic music] - What the hell? - [sniffs, breathes heavily] - Will you go talk to her? ♪ ♪ - Caroline? - [sniffs, breathes heavily] ♪ ♪ - I am not sure where I spoke to you disrespectfully. - You don't have to like me, but you will respect me. - [hyperventilating] - [hyperventilating] - Caroline? - Are you okay? - Uh-huh. Just give me one second, okay? - Are you sure. - Uh-huh! Thank you. - Shall--shall I meet you in the master? - Yeah, I'll be right there. - You sure? - Uh-huh, yeah. - Okay. - Thank you. I worry about my mom. [sniffs] It's really hard to see somebody lose their mind. I can only control what I can control, and I can't control this. You just feel helpless. [dramatic music] [groans] - Are you okay? - Yeah. I just had a little rough patch. This is home--like, stuff at home, it's nothing on the boat. - Okay. - Is she sick? - She's starting to go through early-onset dementia. - No. I'm just so sorry for you. - Do you mind if I take-- take five, and then I'm-- - No. - Okay. - Go cool off. - Okay, thanks. Sorry. I'm sorry. - Don't be sorry. - Okay. - I hope she's okay. Being on a yacht is like being in a weird family. Yes, there's a lot of work to do, but if someone's upset about something, you have to be there for them. ♪ ♪ - Baby, so nice to hear your voice. It's good. It's pretty hectic. I'm in an open relationship with my girlfriend. You know, I'm not ready to commit for a lifelong relationship. I'm very passionate about life and all its forms. I love the pleasures of the flesh, as you would say. I miss you so much. I think about you all the time. Felicia, my girlfriend, has a lot of the same views as me. Baby, I want to cuddle. She's just so calm and stress-free, and that's what I need in my life right now, especially with all the hecticness that's going on, like all that aggressivity last night. Okay, sweet angel, well, I'll try and call you back. I love you. Take care. - [sighs] I'm ----ing tired, bro. - Deck crew, deck crew, you can knock off. - Copy. [upbeat music] - Just can't believe the views here. ♪ ♪ [dramatic music] - Hey, you have a second? - Yeah. - Let's go. Obviously, I need to have a conversation with Rhylee. I just physically do not have the mental capacity to deal with whatever the hell is gonna come out of her mouth. I'm gonna keep this short and sweet. Last night, I think some things were said that both of us probably regret. You know, I did not handle that situation as well as I should have. So I apologize for that. We're good. But if anything happens like that again, the disrespect, I mean, would you talk to Captain like that? - I'm confused, 'cause when you told me to shut up, I shut up. - And then it carried on in the crew mess for another hour and a half. - I am not sure where I spoke to you disrespectfully. - I don't have time for this petty stuff on the side. I'm here to work. You don't have to like me, but you will respect me. Right? - Yes, sir. - Okay, we'll leave it at that. - Okay. - Thank you. - Thank you. ♪ ♪ I work on boats. I'm a captain. So I absolutely feel like I deserve respect, you know. If you disrespect me, I'm not gonna respect you. You're not gonna demand respect from me, you're gonna earn it. I don't know what to do. [upbeat music] ♪ ♪ - The entire beer, brother. - Yeah. - What do you reckon, bro, should we call it a night? - Ready to get horizontal. - [laughs] ♪ ♪ - That's all of the shirts done now. - Captain Lee's pants, they don't receive an iron well. - I literally just ironed both of them. - You did a very good job. Those things are a nightmare. I'm just very thankful that I have Josiah as my second stew because I couldn't flip this boat without him. Great job, Josiah. - What's up, cousin? ♪ ♪ [lively music] ♪ ♪ [alarm buzzes] ♪ ♪ - [laughs] - Rhylee! Have we got smiley Rhylee today? - Yeah, so far. -Captain, Captain, Kate. - Go, Kate. - Tonight when we're on anchor, do you think that we could host the pajama party in the beach club? - I don't see a reason why we couldn't do that. - Copy. - Hey, Ross, you guys copy that? - Yeah, copy. - Okay. - Are you okay? - Yes. I'm feeling better. Thank you. - All crew, we have provisions. [upbeat music] - Peanut butter. - Beads? - Thank you. - Your anal beads came. - Did they? ♪ ♪ both: Bacon! - Alan and his fiancée have had horrible experiences in the past, so I'm hoping my food can get them the love and that little spark of craziness that nobody else has. Beautiful. - It's 10:06. Let's get the master completely done by 10:20, latest. ♪ ♪ - We can start uncovering bridge aft. - Okay. - Gross. ♪ ♪ - Done. - Done. - Attention all crew, we've got ten minutes to showtime. Everybody needs to be in their whites and ready to rock and roll. [upbeat music] ♪ ♪ - [laughs] - What are you laughing at, Josiah? - You. You're, like, modeling. - Oh, God. [dramatic music] ♪ ♪ - I'll do the flowers. You guys do the champagne. - Can one of you guys grab these white chairs? - I'm on it. ♪ ♪ - Come on, come on, come on. - It's a good day to go yachting. - Okay, so let's get everyone on the same line. Toes on this line. Perfect. [upbeat funky music] - Oh, my God, Chandler. Really? - Deck crew, deck crew, - We're coming into a little squall area here. We're gonna have some wind. - It's a good day - It's a good day to go yachting. - Oh, yeah. Looks nice, huh? - Oh, look how nice everyone looks. - Captain Lee, good to see you. - Welcome aboard. - Welcome. Nice to see you again. - Kate, how you been? - Hi, I'm Nikki. - I'm Rhylee. - Rhylee. - Happy birthday. - Thank you. Appreciate it. - Are you chef? - Yes, ma'am. Adrian. - Adrian, wonderful to meet you. - Welcome aboard, everyone. Got some special things planned and I don't want to waste a lot of time. Kate's gonna give you the grand tour of the boat. We'll get your luggage on board and we'll get out of here and get the party started. - Cheers. - All right, after you. - Thank you. I'll lead the way. ♪ ♪ - Oh, yeah, you're gonna like this. - I mean, this is quite big for a sundeck. - Oh, my gosh, there's a bar around the Jacuzzi. - We'll just do one at a time. - There's even one more level up. It's called a crow's nest, and it has a wonderful view. - Beautiful. - It's got a "handle with care" sign on it, okay? - And of course, the ----ing wind picks up. - We're gonna go in here to the master. - Ahh. - Wow. - Quite regal. - This'll work. - Nice! - Very nice. - Let's put 'em on the outside. We're gonna need the room for the masseuse. ♪ ♪ - These four are going in one set. The two small ones go in the closet. - Do you want me still down here helping with these, or do you want me on dock waiting for these lines? - Do you need any of this moved? - No, we don't need-- - You can do all four? Perfect. Okay. - All right, we need to chop, chop, 'cause we wanna leave. - What section is this, or do they go in the closet? - 'Cause he said these two go in the closet, and then he handed me one and told me to put that one in the closet. - Sorry, sorry, sorry. - I am taking it easy. I just said sorry. - I am calm. - I'm not frustrated. I am calm. So stop telling me to calm down. I'm calm. Rhylee is trying to prove herself as a hardworking woman, which she is. I clearly see that, but we need to come up with a plan to keep Rhylee in line. This attitude that she has is just unacceptable. - Well, let's go to the-- [upbeat music] - Stand by on the anchor. I'm gonna go ahead and cut the starboard side. You can release the stern at your will. We're outta here. - Whoo-hoo! - Bon voyage! [all cheering] ♪ ♪ - Oh! Hello. - Is your name Ross? - You can call me Josiah or-- - What's your desire, Josiah? - AJ and the guests are sitting at the table. [upbeat music] - So pretty! - Yay! - Caroline, Josiah, can you come to the galley for service? - Copy. ♪ ♪ Pardon my reach, please. - Nice. - It's beautiful. - So this is a roasted chicken breast on a bed of pearl couscous, arugula salad with a lemon ranch. Enjoy. - Nice. - Thank you. - Oh, wow. - Spectacular. - The spinach is so good. - This is great. - Yeah. - I'm happy. - [chuckles] Oh, Rhylee. - What happened? - So Rhylee was struggling to get one of the stanchions into the blocks. I'm trying to be nice to her and say, it's not a problem, and she just ----ing runs her mouth. I'm like, "Just ----ing calm down, and, like, listen. I'm not trying to be ugly, I'm trying to help you.' - I'll have another talk with her. - Okay, will you go down to laundry with your radio on and stand by? - Yes, ma'am. - You guys can change out of your whites. ♪ ♪ - No joke. That was legit. - Hi, ladies. So they're just finishing up with their lunch, and then they're gonna come on down. - This weather's not looking great. - Ashton... - Copy. - I'll go ahead and head down there. - Okay, yeah. I'll be right there. We're gonna have a little team meeting here in a sec. So I don't want to make it about one person but it is about one person. I just don't want it to come off like we're ganging up on-- on Rhylee. Enough's enough. It's always about Rhylee, and it's always negative. I'm just ----ing over it. So the bickering needs to stop. We can't have this awkward tension between the four of us. - You know, Rhylee, every time we say something or every time we talk, we just get this feedback, and I'm irritated. I'm walking on the deck, I'm flipping frustrated, I'm not enjoying what I'm doing now, and why? With the pacer rails, in that instance, I'm trying to help you and you're shutting me down by telling me what's going on in your mind, just listen to what I'm saying and it would've made everything a whole lot easier. Who is this girl? Who are you on this-- on this boat? You're a flipping junior deckhand. I would never give my superiors attitude like she does. And that--that is what just boils my blood. - Deck crew, deck crew, Kate. - It's unprofessional. We can't have it happening when there's guests on board. - We still have some luggage up here. If you could come give me a hand. - Stand by. Originally I said there is no hierarchy, there's no pecking order. That is changing now. - Honey, let's go down to the room... - You want to go to the room? - And check on our-- Oh, our luggage is still not down there. - Yeah. - Ross is lead deck. Anything he tells you, you do. He is gonna be second deck, third deck. This is all based on experience. This is not a democracy. We just need to be functional. - Copy. - Would you like to chime in? Okay. - Are all of you super busy at the moment? - Would you like to answer Kate? One of you? - Kate--all right. - Kate, we're in a team meeting. Can that hold off for five minutes, please? - Copy. Just as soon as you're done with your team meeting, the guest luggage is in the main salon still. - Okay, understood. We'll get to it as soon as possible. - I'll just tell them they can't change because our deck crew are having a powwow talking about how they feel too much and work too little. - Chandler, would you mind taking out the trash, please? - Trash is the last thing on my mind. - Thanks. Bye. [scoffs] Dick. - Are all of you super busy - Are all of you super busy at the moment? - Would you like to answer Kate? One of you? - Kate, we're in a team meeting. - The guest luggage is in the main salon still. - Understood. We'll get to it as soon as possible. - Get the luggage out of the main salon right now. - We're on it. - I feel like I really got lucky this season because it seems like the majority of the drama is on the deck crew for a change. - If I had glasses, I would go, awooga! - Yeah, yeah. - [laughs] - Why do these lists never correlate? [upbeat music] - It's funny how it always looks so much calmer just 100 yards away from the boat. - So we have four masseuses downstairs ready to start when you guys are. There'll be hour-long massages for each of you. - This is why I didn't wear underwear. [laughter] ♪ ♪ - This is less than ideal conditions. [mellow music] ♪ ♪ - Right here. ♪ ♪ - It ain't looking good. - Oh, boy, the wind's got us now. [laughs] - Where the hell did that come from? That thing just popped up outta nowhere. - It's getting a little rough and windy there. - Deck crew, we're coming into a little squall area here. [wind blowing] - Oh, my God. [indistinct chatter] - Oh! - Deck crew, deck crew, let's cover this up. - A bit windy, eh? [upbeat music] - You guys are such good sports. ♪ ♪ Do you want champagne? - I'll take some champagne. - Just keep bringing all that stuff in. - Alan and Danielle just can't catch a break. - Yeah, it does. - Sure. - We're all very lucky they are as lovely and easygoing as they are, or else this would be a nightmare. - Go ahead and get the anchor ready. On my mark, I want five shots. And drop. [upbeat music] ♪ ♪ We're almost through it. It's lightened up quite a bit. - I love looking at weather Doppler. It makes me feel like a psychic. - Yeah, we can open that up. - Yeah. - Today we're doing a party for the guests in the last, which means everything needs to come out. Let me give you a hand with that couch? ♪ ♪ It's hours and hours of work just to clear out that beach club. I know it's great for the guests, but God, it sucks for us. All right, cousin, I'm gonna go change. - I'll be here, bro. I'm fine. I'm happy. - Okay. - I've never understood the purpose of that. - It's when we look at rain outside and we know that they're not gonna get off the boat so we have to go... - [laughs] ♪ ♪ - You're welcome. all: Bye. - Bye. [upbeat music] ♪ ♪ - Rhylee, Rhylee, you can knock off. - The ukulele player arriving in 20 minutes... - Mm-hmm. - And we have an hour and 20 until dinner. What you making? - I think I'm gonna make veal for the main course. Alan wants to be surprised, so I'm gonna do veal wrapped in asparagus. It's a great dish. I know it's gonna blow them away. - I'm so impressed that it's like an hour and 15 minutes until dinner, you're like... "Still figuring it out." - Going with the flow. ♪ ♪ - We have a lot of sh-- in here that we have to get rid of. [synth music] ♪ ♪ [laughter] - (BLEEP) [sighs] - Can't say I'm a huge fan of using this space as a party. - Yeah. [upbeat music] - Chandler, Chandler, the ukulele player is ready to be picked up. - Roger. - Okay, we're good. - Are you ready? - Yes, I'm ready. - All right, let's go. - Hey. - Hey, guys. ♪ ♪ - You're doing great. - Thank you. [gentle ukulele music playing] ♪ ♪ - [laughs] - That's beautiful. - Maybe on this side. - Let's go here, babe. - Is this gonna hold, do you think? - It's like one of those meditation stones. Come on, Buddha, get centered. - Om... - Meditate. - Yamashiro. - Om, that smells delicious. - Black bean cake. - And we're walking. - Oh, yeah. - All right. - You blue angel. - Thank you. - My pleasure. - Here we have a panko breaded avocado over a black bean cake with a wasabi aioli and radish carpaccio. - Wow! Oh, my gosh. - Nice. - Thank you. - Mmm. - Phenomenal. [upbeat music] - I think that might be the best option right there. I like it. ♪ ♪ - What can we get you guys to drink with dinner? You're gonna be having, I believe, red meat, a veal. - A v--ooh, veal? - Veal? - Do you guys like veal? - Was it on your preference sheet? - No. - I put bacon and steak. - [groans] - What is veal? It's like a dead baby lamb? [sighs] So if nobody requested veal, we're getting veal, that means we are screwed. None of us are getting what we like for dinner. - I just don't eat any baby animal. Like I-- - You don't eat baby animals? - Yeah. - Do you guys - Do you guys like veal? - So pretty much none of us are getting what we really like. - You can shoot, Caroline? - Oh, yes. - If I really think a chef is going to fail at a dish, I'll let him know. So far, Adrian has only shown me that he is a very skilled chef. So who am I to question? Okay, you do ladies. - Mm-hmm. [upbeat music] - Ooh. ♪ ♪ - Okay, so tonight I made for you some veal scallops which I rolled with a Brie and asparagus... - Oh, wow. - On bacon, cabbage, and red wine. - How did you come up with this? - I knew you liked bacon. - Love bacon but, you know, nobody had veal on their preference sheet. - Well, you said, "Surprise us," so I'm-- - That's right. Surprise! - Surprise us with something on the preference sheet. [laughter] - I'm not really worried. I know it's gonna blow them away. So I just go with it, smile, and nod and enjoy your dinner. Enjoy. - Thanks. - Thank you. - Hmm. - Huh. This is really good. - Mm. Oh, my gosh. Delicious. - Everything we've put in our mouths since we got on this boat has been great. - Isn't he amazing? all: Yeah. - I'd like to make a toast to you guys. Here's to you and your families. - Thank you. - Thank you. - They loved your dinner. - Even though it wasn't on his preference sheet. - That could have been a disaster. My angels told me. They're like, "Make veal." - I'm up until 9:00? - You're up until 9:00. - Yeah. - Now that they're starting the pajama party at midnight. - I haven't had a break today. I am tired. - Isn't it better if you let him wake up early? That way, he can uncover, and then when you come up, you'll be ready to go with the Jet Skis and all the important sh--. - So you're gonna be early guy, 'cause you're gonna go down at 9:00. - Yeah? - The beach club's probably gonna need the most love. - Cool. All right, guys. - Thank you very much. - Cheers. - Okay, so the cake stand, dessert plates for the cake slices. - We're gonna present the cake. - Uh-huh. - Peaches in the thing, flambé... [exhales] everything explodes. - Are you serious? - Yeah. - You are serious. Okay, so what-- what do you need from me? - Food is like life, it's all about balance. I got a little bit risky on the main course. Let's play it safe for dessert. He loves peaches, I'll give him what he loves. - Oh, my God, I love it. - Do you like it? - I love it. - Then I'll come up in the back and flambé the sh--. Dude, dude, dude. all: Oh! - No way. together: ♪ Happy birthday to you ♪ [all cheering] - And to finish it off. - Oh! Watch out now! - There we go. Is that peaches? - Yes. - Drop that on here. Seriously, you have redeemed the other charter. - Thank you. [applause] - Thank you very much. - Mm. Oh, that's good. - Oh! - I love it. - Okay. - We're having a pajammy party. - Let's go check it out. - Let's do it. [upbeat music] ♪ ♪ - All right, come on down to the beach club. - Oh, my God, a trampoline! - Hello! [all cheering] - Oh, get it, Lars. - Here comes trouble. [indistinct chatter] - You know, the last two we brought normal people on it. - What happened? - We don't know any normal people. - Yeah, true. [both laugh] - Okay, Caroline, have one of the boys take the trash to the forepeak. - Okay. - Usually the deck crew and the late stew end up going to bed around the same time. And then you're gonna be on deck 8 1/2 hours after you go to bed. - Okay. - Good night, you guys. See you in the morning. - Good night. I'm going to bed. See you tomorrow. - Good night. See you tomorrow. - What's the guest status? Is everyone in bed? - I believe so. [light music] - I'm gonna start breaking everything down. ♪ ♪ This sucks. ♪ ♪ - Hey, Chandler, do you mind taking out the upper stew pantry trash, please? - I still have probably another hour of work at least. - I just mean before you go to bed. - But I'm just focused on these skis at the moment. The trash is the last thing on my mind. - Thanks. Bye. [scoffs] Dick. ----ing "A." ♪ ♪ Oh, my God. ♪ ♪ [lively music] ♪ ♪ [alarm buzzes] - So I'm gonna just give you a bunch of stuff to put out. - That's perfect. - We'll be staying here for a little bit playing or are we taking... - If anybody wants to go see this cave. - Yeah. - That'll be so fun. - Who's going to the caves from the deck crew? - Ross and Alaska. - Rhylee. - Oh. Having the guests off the boat, it's a nice change, and plus, I don't feel like dealing with Rhylee's nonsense. It's like a vacation. We're going to the cave next, so just clean everything up and make it look presentable. - That looks great. - So this is about a two-hour cave tour. There's gonna be lunch at 2:15 on the boat. - This is a spread. How about that plate of bacon? The chef is just killing it. - Hi. - Hi. Was this clean when you got up here? - Yeah, it was. Yeah. - Good. Where--where's her note? - I don't remember seeing a note outside our cabin. - Note to self, tell her where to leave the note to myself. Oh, my. ♪ ♪ - What does it say? - "Took longer than anticipated to get through everything. "I was hoping Chandler would help out, "but I think he was too exhausted. See you in nine hours." I don't want a note, Dear Diary, your thoughts, your feelings. I want to know the time you went to bed, what you accomplished, what still needs to be done, that's it. We'll get through this charter fine. - Yeah. - And then we'll have a proper sit-down interior meeting where she won't feel singled out. Good for morale. - It's good for morale. - Where's my Red Bull? It's good for morale. - Oh, yeah. All righty. - Yeah, all right. - I'm absolutely excited to go to the caves. We do need to be back by 2:15, so we want to make sure everybody hurries up and gets on board. I work on smaller boats, so being in the tender, you know, now you're in my world. - All crew, that's tender away. All guests off the boat. - Copy. - That is incredible. - Would you like the other guests included? - Okay. - Ready for lunch? - Making that sushi. - Is it on their preference sheet? - Everybody's except the primary's. - What are you gonna do for him? - Beef and chicken sushi as well. - Can you keep an eye on how long it takes us to get there? - Yeah. - Kate wants us on board with the chef's orders by 2:15. - Oh! - Whoo-hoo! [laughter] - Aah! - Hold on, Ross, we want to move to the back. She needs to sit in the back. She's getting a little sick. - Okay, all right, we're getting a little seasick up here. - Is it less bouncy back there? - It is less bouncy in the back, yes, ma'am. - I don't want to get sick. - Can you trim down any more? - I'm trying. I'm trying. - I get seasick all the time fishing, but I just ralph and rally. - Yeah. - Are you seeing it, Ross? - No. - I think it's up ahead a little further. It's where those little rocks are right there. - These conditions are horrible. - Yeah. It's that over there, Ross. - Yeah, I know. I can't--I'm not gonna go through there. - Okay, I'm just pointing it out. - All right, thank you. - I mean, I'm trying to help Ross see. I don't know what the problem is. It's like, heaven forbid, the junior deckhand tells you what to do. - I want to swim. - It's 1:00 now. We have to be back at the boat by 2:15 for lunch, so I don't think swimming's in the works for right now. - I brought snorkels if you guys want them. - Two snorkels. - You got it. Just shut up. - All right, Rhylee, - All right, Rhylee, give them the call. We can start coming back in. - You want them out of the water now? - Yeah. - Yes, I'm listening. - Okay... - I haven't said a word. - On your port side. - I feel that Rhylee doesn't really have faith in my abilities. She has been questioning my judgment all day long. And to make things worse, I've got waves crashing there's reef around. It's very frustrating. - Can you put your foot up here? - Yeah. - I've got it. - Let it-- - No worries. Just steer clear of these props right here. One more on board. - Thank you. - We are. We are coming. - Rhylee. - Yeah, I got it. Watch--watch the props, guys. One at a time here. - One at a time. - No, no, no... - Perfect. Nicely done... - All right, thank you. - Thank you. - Ross is flustered with me. He's flustered because of the weather picking up, but guests should not feel you lose control in a situation. I am very capable of getting them on board, so long as my captain over here is also on the same page as me. - That was awesome. - Nice. - Thank you. - Of course. No problem. - You guys are awesome. [upbeat music] ♪ ♪ - [indistinct] Okay. - Should we keep it up and then slide this down? [light music] ♪ ♪ - Caroline, Caroline. - Caroline was on late, so can I help you, Captain? - I would rather not have her walking around outside on deck out of uniform. Find her and tell her. - Copy. Hi, honey. - Hello. How are you? - Remember, you have to wear your uniform. I mean, if you have a more uniform-looking sweater, that'd be good, but that one is clearly not. - The sweater that I wear is a normal uniform on any luxury yacht. The sweater that Caroline is wearing is a red monstrosity. She looks like a Muppet came out of a cave. [lively music] ♪ ♪ - What are we taping? - These balls. - How was it? - It was good. - Yeah? - Clear. - Hi. Do you guys want to freshen up? Lunch is about ready. - Okay. - Good job, Rhylee. - So ten minutes? - Yeah, not even. - I think they're freshening up. - I'm sorry I wasn't communicating with you on the bow. I was trying to, like, talk to you with hand signals. - That's okay. You know, you delegated me to help them up off... - Yeah. - You know, out of the water. We still had a drift though, you know. We still were close to the rocks, so I was just-- I didn't know if you were just not confident in me being able to do that. - No, I have to step in sometimes. I know what needs to be done and I know the safest way to do it. So if I--if I'm just saying something-- - Okay, well, next time if I think there's an unsafe situation, I'll just keep my mouth shut. - But what's your unsafe situation? - When you had me on the back deck bringing them up out of the swim deck, then you left the wheel and we were very close to the rocks. It felt like you didn't have confidence in me to get them up off the swim deck. I'm also a boat captain, okay? I also work on boats for a living. - Okay. If I feel comfortable in those situations, and you can let me know, that's fine. - I did and you didn't-- - But if I feel--okay, sorry. And I'm telling you, if I feel comfortable, then I feel comfortable, all right. Let's talk about this later because I've got-- we've got sh-- to do. - Okay. Well, I understand it's another opinion. - You need to--you need to-- - I understand-- I understand it's another opinion. I'm not-- - Yeah, I understand it's a-- I'm sorry. Go ahead and tell me to ----ing, what? - No, you need to-- I'm not telling you to-- - You just did. [chuckles] - Dude, all right, go to the--go--let's... - Yes, sir. Yes, sir. - You go sort the beach club out. Oh, (BLEEP). There's no reasoning with Rhylee. She's a strong-minded woman. I respect that. I respect that she doesn't want to be disrespected at the same time, but listen here, love, enough's enough. Now, you're disrespecting me. - I was Japanese in another life. - I'm feeling that. I can tell. Thank you. [lively music] - Oh, neat. both: Hi, guys. - Hi. - Hey! - Oh, my God. - Wow, look at this. - Ponzu chicken and a sesame beef. - This guy. - Yes. Oh, my goodness! Salmon, tuna, yum. - Oh, my God, these are ridiculous. - How is everything so far? - Amazing. - Wow. - Chandler, what's-her-name, Rhylee, she's just not cooperating well, dude. She can't take construction. If I go on another tender ride, swap her out. Either you need to talk to her or I need to ----ing nip it in the butt. - Let's--let's get through this charter and we'll figure out what we need to do. - Okay. Chandler's decision making ----ing puzzles me. It's ----ing frustrating. Definitely takes a lot for me to get rattled. You know, I usually give people the benefit of the doubt, but I'm starting to lose it with Rhylee. This behavior can't be tolerated. You busy? It's not my place to say what I'm about to say, but-- [dramatic music] - Next on "Below Deck"... - Are you ----ing kidding me? - Rhylee, we need you back here. Did she not see all of us run out in our outfits? - I'm ----ing treated like I'm a ----ing piece of sh--. - I actually had a couple issues with Chandler last night. - I have no idea what she's talking about. - He's got more responsibility than drying dishes. - Okay. - It's just fun to flirt with him. I could use a very good (BLEEP). - I guess I just felt left out. - We don't want to be mean girls. You can sit with us, Caroline. If you could fire anyone-- - She's a moron. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 