The Nightmare Worlds of H.G. Wells: Season 1, Episode 1 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 The Nightmare Worlds of H.G. Wells 
 s1e1 - The Late Mr Elvesham - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 The Nightmare Worlds of H.G. Wells (2016–…): Season 1, Episode 1 - The Late Mr Elvesham - full transcript 
 Impoverished young medical student Edward Eden is visited by the wealthy, elderly philosopher Egbert Elvesham with an offer to make the boy his heir - on condition he changes his name to that of his older benefactor. Mr Elvesham wines and dines Edward, who waked up next morning to find he has undergone a sinister transformation - which he will need to reverse in order to regain his youth and sanity. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 What is it that ages a man? Is it simply time or the accumulation of life's triumphs and defeats? Edward George Eden, amedical student of 21 years, studying at University College. By all accounts, a bright and ambitious young man with a promising future, butone whose present is beset by financial frustrations. It was on the Tuesday of the first week of May, having decided to takehis boots to the cobblers, that Eden first encountered the creature 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 with whom his life was to becomeso inextricably entangled. How do you do, Mr. Eden? Very well. Thank you. You have the advantage of me, sir. I do indeed. Wonder who the deuce I am? A friend-- let me assure you, a friend. Might I talk to you inside? I have difficultystanding for long periods. I'm afraid my room isn't-- it is perhaps less than you're used to. One must reason. Why not come and lunch withme and hear a proposition 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 to your advantage? Proposition? I'm not sure I-- Come. Surely my gray hairs mustearn me a certain civility. Been coming to Blavatsky'sfor longer than I can remember. Marvelous food. Wish I could still taste it. Please, eat. Eat, eat. Now as you see, Mr. Eden, I'm an old man. I believe I've had a life of some distinction and many men would not recognize my name. But I fancy that you may. Egbert Elvesham. Elvesham, the philosopher? Of course, sir. I've known your name since I was a schoolboy. This is a genuine honor. My doctor informs me that I shall be shortly leaving this world, and I find I have much to leave behind. Now as to what should happento my estate, all I really want is an heir. An heir? Young fellow, perhaps 21 or thereabouts. Pure-hearted, healthy in bodyand healthy in mind, and poor, but quick-witted and ambitious. You, Mr. Eden, may inherit all that I have. You may be lifted from penniless struggle. Security, freedom, and influence. But t-- tell me, why-- why me? You, young sir, meet all my requirements. Of course, there are strict conditions to be imposed, certain burdens-- What kind of burdens? You would have tochange your name by deed poll to Egbert Elvesham. No. No. When my parents died, allthey left me was my name. I understand. Unfortunately, my heir must adopt my name. And I'm not too down-hearted. I have another two possible candidates for the position of heir, so-- Please, please. Forgive my vanity. Naturally, if you were to select me, I would of course honoryour legacy with the name. Thank you. You must at first submit to a series of exhaustive medical examinations to determine your physicaland mental durability. To think, sir, how youmight enjoy all that I have accumulated fills me with envy. Despite all insurances,despite even having already taken Elvesham's name, the old man did not come to a finaldecision for another two weeks. Mr. Elvesham, iseverything quite all right? Indeed, it is. Everything is most satisfactory. This day, I signed a new will, which you are named as sole beneficiary. My entire estate will beinherited by you, Mr. Eden. Or should I say, Mr. Elvesham? I shall do my very bestto be worthy of your memory. Come, come. This night of all nights,you must dine with me and celebrate your accession. Here. You won't have to wait very long. What a capacity for living you have. Aye. Thanks to you, I have a futureof a passing agreeable sort. But you, you have a past fullof honor and distinction. Such a past is worth all my future. But would you in truth willing take my years? With your achievements, indeed, sir. Perhaps. Kummel-- a cure with the sweet kiss of caraway and cumin. However, here. What is it? A pharmaceutical blend prepared to my own specifications. A dash of this, and kummel is himmel-- heaven. I think I perhaps ought not. One never knows with these things. Come. If it's safe enough for a man of my infirmity, how could it impair a healthyyoung man such as yourself. To a quick succession. Not that-- surely, not that-- to a long life. To a long life. The first touch ofthe liquor upon Eden's tongue sends his brain into a dazzling chaos. I want to thank you. What? A handsome young man like you? I expect you've made loveto a string of girls? A string of girls-- I've scarcely made love to one. This is-- this is not a world where girls seek out penniless medical students. No more than they flockaround aged philosophers. Most But-- but now with your-- your legacy, things will be-- things will be different. I'll easily find a good woman. Too early to settle down. For now, have as many women as you can. Imagine the sensual opulence of bedding down with a woman and a man. What? Why not? Why not experience all thepleasures life has to offer, I-- my. I should go. I should go. It's time to go now. So much-- I know-- My head will besplitting in the morning. Dissolve these salts in water before bed. They will completely cure your head. Thank you. Thank you. No, no. You shall have all that is mine. Remember, take the salts just before bed. Yeah, will you, sir? Yes. Farewell. Send me away from this hovel. Send me-- The following morning,he awoke abruptly from a dream. His mind felt stale, and for some while, he hadn't a clue where he was. Good morning, Mr. Elvesham. I'm not-- I'm not Elvesham. I'm Eden. I'm Eden. Beg your pardon, sir? I'm not Elvesham. I'm Eden. I'm Eden. I'm not Elvesham. I hate what he done. I'm Eden. I'm Eden. I'm Eden. What did he do? Although he couldn't evenfaintly comprehend how it had happened, Edward Eden had fallenasleep in his own room, age 21, and awake the next morningin the house of Mr. Egbert Elvesham in the 80-year-old body of Egbert Elvesham. Have you banged yourhead recently, had a fall? No, it's nothing like that. Listen, my name is Edward Eden. Your name is Egbert Elvesham? Your man Harris said you'veforgotten his name, too. Look, I haven't forgotten it. I never knew it. Well, no bruising. Have, um-- have you been drinking? Look, some champagne, liquor. Look, I know you don't know me, but-- Egbert, I've been yourphysician for nearly 30 years. No, no, listen-- I know I look like Elvesham. I know I sound like him, butmy name is Edward George Eden. I'm 21 years old. I'm a medical student. I met Elvesham for the firsttime just a few weeks ago. If I might ask, doctor-- I fear-- I fear it may be asoftening of the faculties. I think it wisest to ensurehe stays safely inside his room. Of course. It seemed clear to Eden that, just as he had found himselftrapped in Elvesham's weak and aged body, so Elvesham must now be in possession of his body, his strength, and his future. Your skin is so smooth. No smoother than yours, sir. Hello? Hello? It was in this moment that Eden realized the immense intelligence and scope of his enemy's plan. There were manuscripts concerning pure mathematics, chemistry,and the psychology of memory. Eden was convinced that the secret to reversing the terrible mind transference lay somewhere in Elvesham's books. He was correct. The solution was indeed there, yet to discover it could take a lifetime, and Eden no longer had a lifetime. After this, are you goingto buy me that bracelet? You did promise. I'll make the word I made to my dear. But first, I think I'lltake you back to the hotel. Are you sure there's time? I have time to spare, my dear. I knew you'd be here. Can I help you? Yes. Indeed, you could join me in a toast. Two kummel, if you please. How rude. I fear the man is quite mad. It's a wonder I am not insane,sir, after the morbid rigmarole you've subjected me to. Excuse me. My friend and I are engagedin a private conversation. You, sir, are a thief. You've robbed me of my life. What on earth are you talking about? I've never heard such rot. Now, drink with me. I'll do no such thing. Drink, damn you! This is becoming quite tiresome. Come, my dear. Let us go see about that bracelet. In that moment of anger, Eden had destroyed his only chance of escape. How must it feel to be young andfull of the vitality and energy and desire of youth, and then to suddenly fall right through your lifeand come to decrepitude? To know you are a youngman, but to find yourself locked away inside an old man's body. But then perhaps that is howall men feel when they've reached the end of their days. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 