The Nightmare Worlds of H.G. Wells: Season 1, Episode 2 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 The Nightmare Worlds of H.G. Wells 
 s1e2 - The Devotee of Art - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 The Nightmare Worlds of H.G. Wells (2016–…): Season 1, Episode 2 - The Devotee of Art - full transcript 
 Moderately talented young painter Alec Harringay feels his portrait of St Catherine is not good enough for submission to the Royal Academy however hard he works and his wife Isabel bemoans his obsession with perfecting it as household bills mount. Then one night the portrait comes to life, offering to give Alec the power to paint a masterpiece - in exchange for his soul. Foolishly he agrees and his work suddenly improves - but there is a terrible price to pay. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 If love is an emotional necessity, then perhaps art is a spiritual compulsion. Mr. Alec Harringay, artist, a painter, possessed of that mostfrustrating of blessings-- a moderate talent. Alec intended to submit a canvas at the academy. Yet, he had spent the best part of a week failing to get any sortspirit into a portrait of St. Catherine. Rubbish. Alec? 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 - I'm going to bed. - Bed? Goodness, I had no idea it was getting so late. Well, you, my love,are working far too hard. Who was she? I mean, who is she? St. Catherine, patron saint of artists. And what happened to her? She fell. What? She fell short of what was required. A submission to theacademy should be original. It should be dazzling, not this. But I think it looks very fine. No, it doesn't. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 It lacks the creative spirit. I want to take canvas and pigment and make a woman as Godmade Adam out of red oak. But this thing, if he mether walking about the street, you'd know she was fashioned in a studio. Alec, you're becoming positively bilious. I know, I'm sorry. You're right, when you saidI was working too hard. Come to bed? Darling, what's the matter? Over the next few days, Alec made several furtherattempts at the portrait. Let me see if I can capture you this time. Your grace and your sublime beauty shall dazzle the academy. stubbornly out of reach. You are being deliberatelyelusive, Catherine. You're-- you're teasing me. Don't think I don't that you're laughing at me. I shall make you mine, yet. Alec? Do you know the time? It's nearly midnight. Alec? Alec, are you going to paint all night? Yes, if I have to. I only wanted to spend some time with you. An artist doesn't choose his working hours. They choose him. And for all of the hours lostto work, when was the last time you sold one of your paintings? What? Your art does not seem toimprove our coffers, no more than it improves your humor. Meanwhile, our debts are mounting, Alec. Will youplease just let me get on? Damn it all. She's no more a saint than I am. Such strong manly hands. What is this? I've beenwanting to talk to for an age. We've been staring at each other for so long. I couldn't bare the silence any longer. Who are you? Who are you trying to capture? St. Catherine. I've watched you struggle. And I have come to inspire you. It must be difficult for you, living with Isabel. I've seen how she treats you. She doesn't appreciate whatit takes to be an artist. It's true. Isabel has little passion for art. The fact of the matter is, she doesn't seem to appreciate that I'm-- A genius? Well, possibly. That's arisk all great artists run, that their genius will not be recognized. And yet, I have the power to help you. Help me? How? I can bestow upon you the ability to create an undisputed masterpiece. It would be globally recognized-- a true addition to the gallery of great works. Nobody would ever question your genius, not even simple, little Isabel. Your name would echo down the ages. And all I ask in exchange is your soul. My-- my-- I'm-- my soul? I-- I don't-- Isabel does not deserve you. She doesn't deserve you your kisses. Alec. What is it, my love? What?! Wait! Wait! No, wait! Wait! Get thee gone! Your paintingwould be world famous. Alec! No please, please stop it! Enamel? No, you wouldn't dare! Alec! Alec! Alec! Have you been up all night again? You're going to make yourself ill. Alec, you need to get some rest. Isabel. I love you. Come. It would be anothertwo days before Alec felt ready to reenter his studio. Starting from scratch? You! But-- yes. I do love an optimist. You start with the vaguestof presentment of an idea. And you hope inspiration will strike. It always does. Does it? Eventually. Can you really face another blank canvas? It's truth-- becomesmore difficult each time. Remember my offer. You could paint an undeniable masterpiece. And a masterpiece would command a high price. You could easily get those debts. But the price you ask is high and-- Sh. Give me your soul, and your artistic spirit will live forever. Your masterwork would exert an influence on future generations. Yes. Yes. So now, are you not inspired? I've-- I've been approaching thecompetition completely wrong. I know exactly what to do now. Thank-- From the moment Alec Harringay sold his soul for the abilityto print a masterpiece, his mind was flooded with amultitude of dazzling ideas. He prepared paintingcombinations which had never previously occurred to him. And his techniqueadvanced a thousand fold. Alec, I haven't seen you for days. What is it you want? To see you, to hear yourvoice, to know that you're aware of my existence. I'm busy. You can see that. This-- this surpassesanything that you've ever done. It's almost like it's-- Like it's what? Like it's the work of another painter. I have developed. Now, please leave us. Us? Leave me. Don't you understand, this is my masterpiece. It's beautiful, Alec. But it is making you ill. The academy's deadline forsubmission is one week away. I need every moment betweennow and then to complete this. I can't waste any time. Damn you, Alec. Can you not see what is happening to you? You're losing your reason. For pity's sake, can you just step away from the easel for just-- just one hour. Please! Please leave me be. Now, finally,Alec can work undisturbed. As the days passed, he feltneither hunger nor thirst and slept only fleetingly. But he knew now for certain thathis immortality was assured. Piccadilly,please, Burlington House. Right-o. On his way to the academy, and thrilled by his own genius, Alec could not resist just one more look. It's the wrong one. it's the wrong one! Beg your parden, Sir? - nothing, look, um, we must turn around and go back. Right-o. H-- how-- how could I wrap the wrong canvas? You didn't. What? There's only one canvas. You painted over it. Remember? You painted over me. My masterpiece,what happened to it? Igave back to what is mine. No! No! No! Are you all right, gov? We-- we have to turn around. All right, all right. Wait, wait, it-- it's fine. It's fine, we can go on the academy. Make your mind up, mate. Come on! Come up! How are we feeling? I-- . There you go. It's gone! It would have been no use to you anymore. But-- But I-- I'm a-- I'm a painter. Well, I supposeyou'll just have to learn to paint with your other hand. God! Is there anybodyyou'd like us to contact? No, no one. Well, you just get plenty of rest. And I'll be along to check on you later. A pity. A pity about your hand. You! You know who I am, of course. I am your inspiration. What do you want? We struck a bargain. But-- You created amasterpiece, did you not? It's gone! No. It was rescued from the crash. At this very moment, it's beinghung at the Royal Academy. There will be no doubt over the genius of its creator. There can be no more paintings now. That's not my concern. I've lost everything, even poor Isabel. None of that is my concern. Please no. All I sought was to create beauty. All yousought was glorification. No, no. It was all for art! You made your choice. Now, your soul shall be mine. Please don't! The trick is to find it. I've looked in here. But did not find it. Please, leave me be! So now-- now we must look-- Leave me be! -- a little deeper. Sometimes, an artistpaints a form with no soul to it. He paints aimlessly and recklessly and without inspiration in the hope that some random spirit may becoached forth into his work. And sometimes-- sometimes,a spirit does come. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 