Those Who Kill: Season 1, Episode 4 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Those Who Kill 
 s1e4 - Sunday - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Those Who Kill (2014): Season 1, Episode 4 - Sunday - full transcript 
 Catherine looks to glean more information from her stepfather; Catherine makes use of Thomas' profile, narrowing the search as she continues her dogged pursuit of the killer; Thomas and John discuss ways one might 'enter' a killer's mind. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Previously on Those Who Kill... David's dead, and Howard killed him. He's not just your stepfather, he's a judge. I was assigned a John Doe. Kid jumped off this bridge. Uh, we ID'd our jumper. Name was Trevor Stewartson. - She buried him here. - She? - The killer's a woman. - Trevor was the victim 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 and not the perpetrator. Trevor's juvenile records are sealed. But you know a family court judge. Stewartson, right. He factors into a homicide I'm working. This might make things complicated, dear. There are allegations of abuse here. Last year's season champs. Reading for the drive up to Waterfall. That's the kid from AA. He's Trevor's foster brother. Pittsburgh Police! Let me see your hands! I have it right here. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 ♪ I am waking up at 10:00 ♪ ♪ it's Sunday morning ♪ ♪ fun day morning ♪ ♪ I am turning on the radio ♪ ♪ as always ♪ ♪ on Sunday mornings ♪ ♪ Sunday fever ♪ ♪ Sunday clothes... ♪ Let's go back to bed. I can't get this to load. ♪ the sun is shining ♪ ♪ on Sunday morning ♪ ♪ I am thinking 'bout some things to do ♪ ♪ went back to bed ♪ ♪ spent Sunday reading ♪ ♪ Sunday fever ♪ ♪ Sunday clothes... ♪ Psst. Hello. What are you doing? I want to be in on the questioning of Rodriguez. He been arraigned? Hell, no. It's slow going on Sunday. They're only getting around to processing him. Won't be able to question Rodriguez till after the game starts. Okay? So go. Do your, uh, Sunday whatever, and then come back. No. I don't feel comfortable leaving until that kid says "I did it" and it's over. Okay. So you'll feel much better about sitting on this back-breaker for a bunch of hours doing nothing till they let us talk to him? We can't do anything, okay? So go. Come on, Catherine. Diego Rodriguez? He did it. He killed Monica Albreath, and Trevor Stewartson. Case is wrapped up. You don't need to talk to him. Yeah, I do. I want to. I'll tell you what. I'll, uh, text you an hour ahead of when we can talk to him. Here. Sunday brunch. On me. Diego Rodriguez. Say "Ah." Arms up. Now to your other side. Turn right. ♪ Sunday fever ♪ ♪ Sunday clothes... ♪ Sync and corrections by n17t01 www.addic7ed.com Oh. Hi, Mom. I might have to leave before Communion. Mmm. I didn't want to miss Mass. I know how much it means to you. Yay! The streak is alive. And this afternoon? Can you make it to Howard's charity auction? I don't know. It's all about if I have to work. He'd love it if you could go. He loves you. And it'd be nice to support his charity. Oh, come on, go. You and I can sneak out the back, go to the bar, knock back Boilermakers while they're all fund-raising. No. You'll get bombed and make crazy insane bids on sports memorabilia. They're auctioning a Sidney Crosby stick. You'd better go to protect me. You're the mom. You're supposed to protect me. I don't think I'm much of a protector. That's why I come here. The only way I have protected you two is by marrying Howard. Financially, I mean. And love. He loves you. And David, so much. He's so proud of you. I'm gonna light a candle for your brother before they start. Say a prayer that he comes home. Mom... David's not coming home. He's dead. There's no proof of that. And besides... I always feel like if I light a candle for him, it's like this little lighthouse, so that he can find his way home. Lord, thank you for this breakfast. Even if it is my last. And please... please forgive me for all the lives I've taken... including the one I will take today. Hey, you're driving me to Eric's, so when Mom comes in and tells you, you remember. I totally knew that. No, you didn't. Yeah, I did. No, you didn't. - Yeah, I did. - Nope. Okay, I did not. Yeah. That's what I thought. So... you make any money fixing these clocks? No. No, it's just for me. I can take apart a broken clock, put all the pieces out on a table and figure out what's wrong with it. Then I can replace the bad part, put it back together right, and it works. But if I figured out that a human was broken, took out all their pieces, spread 'em on the table... That would be awesome. ...that person would never work again. Do you think she missed Him? When He was gone? I know He was God and all, but... she was still a mom, right? She must have been so heartbroken. _ But at least she knew what happened to her little boy. I'm sorry, Mom, I got to go. Oh. It's time for Eric's. Hey, um... when I've dropped him off... Mm-hmm? That thing we were talking about before? Mm-hmm? You think maybe we could finish the conversation? I'd love to. Hey, what did you put in there? Why'd we have to go and arrest him on a Saturday night, huh? Why'd we have to do that? Ruins our Sunday. Diego, huh? Not many Hispanics in Pittsburgh. Some, but not a lot, right? That tough? Yo, man, my family's Iranian, so you think you got it rough, you know? Worth living here, though, for the pierogies. Oh, no doubt. So, foster family? Was that... how was that, rough or okay? My brothers and sisters were okay. You and Trevor were foster brothers. We were brothers. No doubt. Your SIM card says you called him over and over the night he died. Hey, man, I was working and living at the Allegheny Hunger and Housing that night. Mr. Belli can prove it. Why all the calls? What, you two got beef or something? I told him not to. I told him. Told him not to what? I did it. I did it first. Trev and I have been talking about it for years. Dreamed it, like, how we'd do it. But then he got in trouble and had to leave, so I got to do it. And I regret it, man. Okay, it's just probably me here, Diego, but I'm only following a little bit of that, not much. You two did what? My brother's missing... since he was 18. He's two years older than me. He's still listed as missing. But I know he's dead. I know someone killed him. They're not here anymore, Diego. But we're left with that pain. And part of that pain is knowing that someone is not paying for taking them away from us. Now, I get the feeling that you ran from us when we showed up because maybe you have a lot of reasons to run from the police? And you're not talking because you think you'll be ratting out Trevor for Monica's murder, but... it's you. You're gonna go to prison for this. What Detective Jensen is getting at, Diego, is that you're not ratting out Trevor, all right? He's not here anymore. You're not getting it. You're taking the fall for nobody. This is about you now. If it wasn't you in that alley... then that person killed your brother, man. Why protect him? So tell us what you two did. Found our real moms. Your father and I don't go into your room and look through and take your things. I know, but I was gonna give them back after I showed them to the guys. Look, buddy, it's not just us. We have to respect the person in that photo. Their life was taken. No one wants to be remembered like that. So those photos are just to help Daddy find the person who did it. Do you understand what Dad is saying? Yeah. I guess I wouldn't want to be seen only in my underwear. But in the other picture, his clothes-- he folded them before he jumped off a bridge. But why even bother? This is not the conversation we're supposed to be having. Yeah, wait, but Mom, he folded his clothes up like you fold up my nice clothes. I fold all your clothes. Okay, yeah, but you fold my nice clothes way better than you fold my regular clothes. A mother... Wait. Where are you going now? I found my mother. But she, like... didn't want me to find her. She hates me. I told Trev how bad she made me feel, like I was nothing. But, even so... he really wanted to find his mom. He thought his would feel different about him than mine. But even though I felt that way, I also felt all guilty that I'd found mine and he didn't. Did he find her? Trev had this picture of his mom on his wall, you know, from the age that she had him. Said the picture was his mom. So, like, we'd been looking for our moms, like forever. But then, like, this one night, after rehab, at that AA, I saw this woman in that alley. And she, you know, kind of looked like the picture, but older. I called him. I told him. So, he went to, uh, meet this woman you thought might be his mom. Right. Well, not "meet." She didn't know he'd be there. That's why he was in the alley. He was gonna approach his real mom and tell 'em who he was. _ Now, we took this video on the chance the killer might be at the funeral. Take a look at the people there. Anyone look like the woman you're referring to? Here. That is Trevor's real mom. A mother folds her child's clothes... Yeah, right. My mom made me fold my own clothes or I took one upside the head. ...and deposits the body in the river peacefully. Thomas did say it was a woman when we all thought it was a guy. He's the one who said it was a guy. I have the right to modify my analysis based on new information. I was out for a ride and I came right down. What's going on? Hello... Angela, you having a nice Sunday? It's okay. You? What time do the Pirates play today? Oh, not today, Mrs. Steinmetz. The Pirates play in the spring. Oh. Oh, there he goes again. All day long, that Mr. Eicke. I can't sleep because of him. I'll go bring him his medicine after we talk. He'll calm down. I mainly came to work today... This is going to be my last day at work. And I wanted to say good-bye to you, Mrs. Steinmetz. You were always someone who was nice to me. Not many people were nice to me... listened to what I say or, let alone, cared about it. Not even my own mom or dad. But you, you were a mother to me more than my own mom. Sometimes, uh, we don't get to say the things that we want to say until it's too late. And I wanted to say... I'm going to miss you. You're the only one I have to miss or that might miss me. Well, why are you leaving? Where are you going? I'm going to visit my son. Oh... Well, Angela, before you go, can you turn on the Pirates game? Trevor Stewartson discovered that I was his birth mother and found out where I worked and what time I got off. So he bought a suit, dressed himself up, came to present himself to me. But I don't know that. I'm walking through the alley, this man comes out of the dark. I don't know who he is. He could be a mugger, a rapist. I have to defend myself with the baton. "I am..." your son? Yes. He manages to tell me that before he finishes writing. I take him for help, but he dies. So I laid him to rest in the river. Whoa! There goes that Mr. Eicke. I don't care if he's 80 years old. He's a douche bag. If he grabs my butt one more time, I'm gonna hit him with his bedpan. Monica Albreath. Albreath hears the attack in the alley, come out, tries to stop her. Okay, all right. You know, that all sounds right, but... here's my one thing. Monica Albreath's head was caved in, all right? Is it possible that this woman can do that much damage? This is not a big person. And then lift a deadweight body into the trash. And then carry her deadweight son down the steps of the 31st Street Bridge to the Allegheny. Could there be another person involved? How high's the dumpster? Early and I are about the same size. I could do it. - Take off your gun. - Come on, man, you're way bigger than her. - "Way"? - I'm just saying. Keep digging, Jerry. I'm just saying that those two deadweight bodies are ten percent heavier than that woman. Okay? I'm slight. Commander? No one touches me when I'm wearing my cycling gear. It can be done. Okay. There. Now, I took you to the bathroom. But that buzzer keeps Mrs. Steinmetz awake. So only use it in emergencies. What makes you think you can do that?! Who said it was okay for you to do that? Don't touch me ever again! I'm sick of this shit from you. Okay? Do you hear me?! Do you underst... What's the matter, Mr. Eicke? Do you need help? Okay. Okay, yeah, dispatch three units and meet us there. Nurse in an old folks' home just killed a patient half block from the alley where they found Monica and Trevor's bodies. Her name is Angela Early, bailed on her car, whereabouts unknown. Here's her address. Whoa, whoa! Whoa, man! Get back! Move it! Down, boy. Sit. Down. Nice job. All right, let's go! Move in! She's not there. Ditched the car. Left the door wide open. She's not ever coming back. Clear! Clear. She's what they call a hypervigilant. Floor to ceiling locks, alarm system, that rancor out there, security lights, security cameras, barred windows-- all symptoms of outward adjustment stages of posttraumatic stress. This is the home of a deeply traumatized woman. Assisted living lists Early as 33. Mia said Trevor was 19 or 20? If Early is Trevor's birth mother, then she would've been 13 when she had him. That seems too young. Wait, wait, the missing corner from this photo was in that horse trailer Trevor was staying in. Which means... either Angela was there or he was here. Um, yeah. And there's that. Call an ME wagon. We're gonna need some body snatchers. Dog must've dug this up. Why now? Why react to this trauma now? You tell me. Why now? I think if Trevor never found her, never approached Angela, she doesn't accidentally kill him. Just remains another victim. With no one to turn to. No professional help. No family to help heal. She confuses guilt... and shame... and rage. But has nowhere to direct it. She lives out her entire sad life. Quietly. We'd never have heard from her. But this random event occurs, and boom. Victim turns killer. And it's all let loose, they think, on the people that did it to them. But it's always self-destructive. If that's what she's doing, she'd go after the specific person that did it to her. Hey. Got a gun box. Nine millimeter cartridge box, no gun. Howard didn't give us anything out of Trevor's file about Angela Early. That file could point to the person that she might be targeting. Well, do you know another judge that would give us that information? One you could even find on a Sunday? There's only one... and I know where he is. One more. Okay, nice. There's Cat. Honey, your mother said you weren't going to make it. There's some nice items to bid on here. Can we talk? It's police business. Urgent. Well, I got to auction off a Warhol print in about ten minutes, but... Oh, we need some information on a woman who may be targeting a specific individual from her past. We believe this could occur today. It's related to Trevor Stewartson. Oh. We've been through this. Our investigation led us to his birth mother. She killed two people this morning. I need your signature to access the file. I saw you take a picture of a document that I said was not admissible to your investigation. You didn't think I saw you, but I did... Detective Jensen. That's a breach of trust in our relationship. Now... other officers could never reach me here, but you have because I'm your father. And what do you do again? You push. You violate protocol. Listen to me. Listen. There is a reason that I am resisting your demand. It's the same as the last time. Angela Early claims to be the victim of a rape when she was 13 years old. Oh, my God. So, she is his mother? Yeah. Angela's gonna go after the birth father. We need his name. The birth father was never charged with anything, let alone convicted. I mean, it was her allegation. A girl with emotional problems, and delusional in her claims... What do you mean "delusional"? She could have claimed it was Matthew, Mark, Luke and John. Look, I'm not going to give you the father's name. I'm not out to arrest him. I just want to keep him alive. Officially. Guilty or not, it's how she perceives his guilt. Well, exactly. "Perceives." All the more reason for a mother to carry through her own perception of justice and kill him. Look, as a judge, I can no longer trust you with any information that I give you through sealed files or the files that you steal. If you want anything else, you're gonna have to go through the proper procedures. But as a father... I'm very proud of your dogged determination. If I were you, I'd check out her files at the downtown women's shelter. Thank you, Judge. Think over what you're about to do. It's a hell of a thing to accuse a man of raping a child. There's always consequences. Hi. Catherine Jensen, Pittsburgh Police. We need some information on an Angela Early. Her son Trevor Stewartson would have been born about 20 years ago. What do you remember from 20 years ago? Why such a dick? The girl was raped. We need the birth father's name. The rapist's name. His life may be in danger. 20 years. I have to break open the files in storage. Yeah, rape and assault. Don't remember her. I never heard of her. You know, this kind of case is everyday. Angela Early. Raped at 13. Beaten unconscious. Spent two days on life support. Her parents made her carry full-term. No formal education during pregnancy. Baby boy put up for adoption. The father's name. Come on. Don't do that to me. You know I can't give you that without a warrant. Well, that's if a cop's asking for the name. She's a cop, but... I'm not. No one gets in trouble. Oh, they don't, huh? You know, if she arrests this guy, it's inadmissible, so why bother? Do you know how many people are hurt or die because jag-offs like you don't want to get sued? Did you not hear what she said?! Thomas... This man will be killed by this woman because you wouldn't give her what she asked for, and it's on your head! Your head! What part of that do you not get?! You all right? I wish people were clocks. Who's there? Uh... I'm looking for... Cole Hoyt. I know he used to live here. He don't live here no more. Not for years. Can you tell me where I can find him? Who wants to know? I'm... Ms. Bradshaw. I work for a medical company that owes him a refund, but I need to know where I can find him. Yes, uh, Cole came in for a procedure, and his insurance overpaid. And now, with Obamacare, we're required to refund the patient directly, so if you could tell me where I could find him, I'd much appreciate it. Do I know you? Did we meet at the clinic? No. But I know that I know you. I'm just trying to find Hoyt. I do know you. I remember you now. You're that girl. That girl that tried to get him in trouble all those years ago. You ain't got no money. So just go on home... or else I'll call somebody to take you home. You're right. You do know me. Cole and I met hanging out at Arsenal Park. He brought me back here to play Nintendo. And when you went out, your son raped me in that living room. Beat me up. Right there in that living room, right where you're standing. Now you know who I am. Where is Cole?! 34-71, we got a possible DOA at 155 Clark Street. Excuse me. Cole Hoyt-- does he still live in that house? Around here? Is he in prison? Is he dead? If he's not dead now, he's gonna be. Excuse me, ma'am? You don't look like a policeman. I'm not. I'm a psychologist. I'm trying to help Cole. Please, if you know where he is... - Code three. Suspect is armed. - Well... Why you standing way down there? I'm way up here. I'm Angela Early. Hi, Angela. Nice to meet you. Your son is dead. Shit, I ain't got no son. I killed him. I met my son twice. First, when I gave birth to him. Second, when I killed him. Drop the gun, Angela! Drop it! I got cover! I'm going around back! Angela, it's over. Angela. Don't. Angela, put down the gun! Put it down! Put it down. It wasn't you. You're not at fault. I am. No! 34-72, base. Go ahead, 34-72. Downriver, rescue and medics. Suspect jumped. ♪ Monday, Monday ♪ ♪ So good to me... ♪ - Good morning, Detective. - Good morning. ♪ Monday morning ♪ ♪ it was all ♪ ♪ I hoped it would be ♪ ♪ oh, Monday morning ♪ ♪ Monday morning ♪ ♪ couldn't guarantee ♪ ♪ that Monday evening ♪ ♪ you would still be here with me ♪ ♪ Monday, Monday ♪ ♪ can't trust that day ♪ ♪ Monday, Monday ♪ ♪ sometimes it just ♪ ♪ turns out that way ♪ ♪ oh, Monday morning ♪ ♪ you gave me no warning ♪ ♪ of what was to be ♪ ♪ oh, Monday, Monday ♪ ♪ how could you leave ♪ ♪ and not take me? ♪ ♪ every other day ♪ ♪ every other day ♪ ♪ every other day, every other day of the week ♪ ♪ is fine, yeah, all of the time... ♪ Sync and corrections by n17t01 www.addic7ed.com 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 