Those Who Kill: Season 1, Episode 5 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Those Who Kill 
 s1e5 - Souvenirs - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Those Who Kill (2014): Season 1, Episode 5 - Souvenirs - full transcript 
 Thomas' decision to stop working on active cases causes Catherine to investigate his past, leading her to an unexpected family history. Catherine takes Thomas to the scene of her childhood trauma where she finally reveals all the details that still haunt her. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 - Previously on Those Who Kill... - The only way I have protected you two is by marrying Howard. He loves you and David. Say a prayer that he comes home. Mom, David's not coming home. With no one to turn to, no family to help heal, she confuses guilt, and shame and rage. But this random event occurs, and boom... victim turns killer. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 And it's all let loose on the people that did it to them. But it's always self-destructive. David's dead and Howard killed him. Just help me prove it. What did he do to you, Catherine? Oh-ho, no, honey, no. Wh-what's the deal? Is someone paying you to live here? 875 a month. I can move in immediately. Eight seventy-five? The house your father bought when we got married was 875 a year. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 And it was nicer than this. Why are you doing this, honey? Howard lets you stay in our condo for free. Right. Stay there. I mean, I feel like I can live here, you know? Like... it's my own house. No, I don't know. This place looks like, I don't know, Catwoman would live here. That's just cognitive illogical association, Mom. What? Where did you get that? A guy. I work with. He's a behavioral psychologist. Oh, is he a good-looking behavioral psychologist? Yeah, actually very. But he's damaged goods. - Off-limits. - Oh. I'm bringing him in on... an important assignment. Hmm. What is it? The bed can go over there by this window. And this is the kitchen area. Oh, goodie. You can put the iron maiden there. And the rack over here. I would feel so much better if you would - let me buy you some furniture. - Does there come a time when - parents don't want to do things for their kids? - Depends on the parent. Well, if it's you, I guess that's a no. Well, I have to go now, anyway, because Howard's got practice. Do you want to come? We can skate after. No, I'm gonna stay here. I'm officially moving in. Love you. I love you. Don't touch anything. Sync and corrections by explosiveskull www.addic7ed.com Got a homicide call through a Kapp Security. Found 340-caliber shells. There's a blood smear over there. And there was probably a car over there. Based on the oil stain, the guy must've drove the body away. - That's all? - Yeah, pretty much. But it ain't no sweat. I'll have this all squared away by lunch. The jagoff was nice enough to make us a movie. Well, that image is shit for pulling any visual I.D.'s. We can't really make out the plates. Oh. Looks like a '98 Buick LeSabre. '99. You can tell by the taillights. All right. We'll put out an alert on a '99 Buick LeSabre. Probably parked it somewhere. Body still inside. Or he just ditched it out in Hillman somewhere. That's not much to go off of, though. Why don't we show the video to Schaeffer? Fresh pair of eyes. He might see something. What else is there to see? Looks to me like it's a robbery by a first-timer. Didn't know the guy was gonna fight back. Douchebag didn't know there was a camera up there. It's not much to go on now, but I'll get there. Didn't mean nothing by it. Don's right... this is not a serial killer thing. And we can't afford him... Schaeffer or the insurance rates that go up every time he touches something. He's done well for us. I don't want him around my cases. When you're the lead, you can do what you want. B? I've watched Schaeffer's career, you know, his life, for some time now, and... there are a few... gaps I can't seem to fill in. Like the Roman Numerals Killer case? I know there were six murders. And the killer numbered the victims one through six with Roman numerals on their left hands. Well, Schaeffer writes up a profile, comes up with a reason for the Roman numerals on the hands, motive for the killer. Even down to the area in Pittsburgh where the guy lives. Leads to an arrest. Jared Lee Hayward. Hung himself in his cell. So... how did Thomas wind up at Shaler Psychiatric? Uh, about three months later, homicide in Fayette County alerted us about another murder. Roman numeral seven. Cut in the victim's hand. Schaeffer became obsessed with having been wrong. He'd gone missing. And when I... I finally found him in the field where Fayette police had found the last victim... He was carving the Roman numeral eight into his own hand. So I drove him over to Shaler Psych. His wife met me there, and she had him committed. Benedicte. She pulled him through it, right? I mean, he... He seems all right now. He still needs I though. He needs his work. Just like you? This came for you. It's from Catherine. Don't stay up too late. _ Hey, you guys. We got another tape. Same location. No body or trace evidence at the scene. The security guy says he found this when he got to work. Come on, jagoff, show us your face. All right, no way is that the same guy. No, it's not. He's much taller. Hold on, is that...? Schaeffer? You gave him the video? You compromised a crime scene. You went under the yellow tape. We have it on video. I believe that you'll find the body just beyond where you established the yellow lines. Just beyond the camera's view. Wait, you're saying the guy knew the camera was there? Yeah, it's like a show to him. He wants you to see him. To see that he did it. And he got away with it. The guy has a hidden resentment against Pittsburgh police. And now he's displaying his superiority over you. Maybe he's an ex-cop. Maybe he's a wannabe. Retired? Flunked the academy? I don't know. But he's getting back at you. And he's getting back at the victim. It's a two for one. Where are you getting this hidden resentment stuff from? There's almost no evidence. There's little physical evidence. But there is behavioral evidence. Eh, listen to this. - Can you believe this...? - It's okay. Take a look at camera three at three minutes, 25, frame 15, just after the victim's been shot. The killer turns and looks directly in the camera. He knows it's there. Now rewind it back. There, right there. They know each other. The victim appears to recognize the killer's voice. He doesn't run or even initially put up his hands. Because I suspect... suspect... that this is a revenge killing. Now, murders like this, the killer will usually take a souvenir, a-a personal object or trophy. Which he will then display to show off his superiority against the person or people that wronged him. To add further insult, I suspect he will have disposed of the body just out of view of what he knew would be your crime scene perimeter. Really? So you're saying that you got all of that from acting like... this. I grew frustrated. Couldn't put it altogether. Can we turn this off, please? All right... Thomas, wait. Thomas, wait! You can come pick up the file from my house. Thomas... Schaeffer said the body would be just out of view. I don't know why Wilkie gets so upset at Schaeffer. He can't control him. And Wilkie doesn't know how to do what Schaeffer does, and that scares him. Scares Schaeffer, too. Well, I'll tell you what scares me is you getting too caught up in it. Come on. Where you going? Did anyone bother to look up here? The victim's name is Seamus Frey. Schaeffer was right about the body but wrong about the souvenir thing. His I.D. was found in his wallet with $180... nine 20s. Withdrew $200 from an ATM an hour earlier. It wouldn't hurt to hear what Schaeffer makes of it Catherine! Is Thomas home by any chance? He's still at school. But come on in. Can I get you a cup of coffee or something? Oh, you look busy. You know actually, I'm at a point in my high chair construction where I could use an extra set of hands. High chairs don't really fall in my area of experience. Well, here... just hold these pieces, then I can screw them together, okay? Uh! I don't know why they make these things so complicated. Are you excited about the baby? Yeah. I think it's important for kids to have siblings. I come from a big family, and I don't know what I would do without my brothers and sisters. How about you? Oh, my older brother died. I'm so sorry. I'd do anything not to "know what I'd do without" him. I understand. That's why I need Thomas's help. There are people whose families have been ripped open. Victims that he could help. I understand. I really do. It's just that we... this family... needs Thomas, too. I won't let anyone hurt him. It's not "anyone." It's him. He risks himself to try and save the world. It's who he is. I just... don't want him to end up like... Like his brother? I think this should work for now. Well, thanks for letting me help. It's a first; maybe a last. Well, you never know what the future holds. Well, some of us have to put certain things to rest before we can build high chairs. - Oh! - I'm sorry. I'm-I'm looking for Catherine Jensen. Oh, I'm her mother Marie Burgess. Oh, I've-I've heard a lot much about you. I'm Thomas Schaeffer. I work with Catherine sometimes. Behavioral psychologist? That's right. I've heard a lot about you, too. Well, come on in. Thanks for talking with me. I can see the resemblance to your brother. I'm much better looking than Thomas, don't you think? I don't have many visitors, so it's quite a pleasant respite to be speaking to someone who isn't out to stab or rape me. Well, your brother doesn't ever visit you? You know the answer to that question, Ms. Jensen. Catherine. Can I call you Nathan? Sure. Now, Thomas, he's, uh, Professor Schaeffer. Dr. Schaeffer. I'm just Nathan. Nathan. 15 years, manslaughter. I'm owning it. But, Tom, he's... not. How so? My whole life I always had a problem... fighting at school, rage. I-I understood this. I attended anger management therapy, but it just made me angry. I always believed when I got married that would all go away, but... I married a woman who fought back. We'd argue and become violent. Fists, broken glasses, dishes. Make up sex. Then we'd fight again. I came to believe that fighting was foreplay. And then... that night... that night... the anger, it just... I just couldn't control it. And then... by the time I... we gained control, got myself back... I killed her. You want to set that down? Oh. Here, she'll see it right here. Great. So... as a behavioral psychologist, what can you tell me about a person that would move out of a free high-rise overlooking the city... into this a dump like this? Well, in my, uh, professional view, it indicates a person to whom achieving their independence is very important. Mm! But if you're asking me as her friend, I bet it's 'cause Catherine thinks it's cool. I think they're both right. She still drives her brother's old car because she thinks that's cool. I didn't know she had a brother. Does he also live in Pittsburgh? We don't know where David's gone. And what happened to their father? Why would you ask that? Oh, I'm sorry. It's just, you introduced yourself as Marie Burgess. Catherine goes by "Jensen." Just must be a birth father. Yeah. Bastard ran off when the kids were still little. Left me with nothing. How did you cope? Barely. I lived in places like this. Then I took a program to learn how to be a court stenographer, and that's where I met my husband Howard. He was a family law attorney at the time. A knight in shining armor. This was coming my whole life. She just happened to be there. Now you're my guest in this fine institution. So you think he doesn't visit you, why? 'Cause he was close to your wife? Or he hates that you're a killer? He's afraid. Of...? In his book, Murderers and Serial Killers: "Genetics loads the gun, environment takes aim, experience pulls the trigger." We came from the same parents, we grew up in the exact same room. Experience is the only difference. So he's afraid it's in his blood. Okay... he came here once. Out of the blue, a couple years after I started serving my sentence. And without so much as a "How are you?" or pictures of my nephew or anything, he proceeds to ask me, "Why are you in here and not me?" What'd you say? Who's to say you won't end up in here, too? He really romanced me. But he took care of us. He always took care of us. He set aside money for college, and then David ran off and, uh... Catherine decided she wanted to be a detective. I still don't know what made her want to do that. Oh, gosh, I better go. She's gonna be here any minute. When she finds out what I'm planning, she's gonna kill me. I should go, too. Do you want to leave that file with me? I'll give it to her. Oh, no, it's fine; I can give it to her when I see her. Okay. It was very nice to meet you. Thomas, it was a pleasure. I am so happy that my daughter has someone like you in her life. All right, uh, just hear me out, okay? Going off Schaeffer's profile, I've done some digging, phone calls, Internet work, what have you, and I've come up with three possible suspects. You followed Schaeffer's profile? Don, every lead we've put together... you and me... has drawn blanks. Hey, come on, Jerry. Just take this and... No, you come on. These three suspects all had dealings with Seamus Frey and all three had some past with the police. Okay, Jerry, let's take a look. All right, this guy Edmonds flunked out of the police academy. Filed a grievance. Lost it. Frey used the guy as security at a strip club he ran... then he fired him. Oh, boy. And the second one, Wilson... small-time ex-con, got into an altercation with Frey... five years ago? Come on, Jerry. And the last one... Wait a minute. Ray the bartender? Ray from Riggs' Lounge, where we drink? I know. Just... listen. Frey was opening a restaurant. Ray invested most of his 401k. Frey never opened up that restaurant. Fraud division "looked into it," at best, D.A. never pressed charges, Frey walked. Ray, here, lost his entire life savings. It's worth a look. That's... that's all I'm saying. I just came to give you back your file. You're really not going to help me? I can't, Catherine. I've worked hard to try and figure you out. Nathan's right. You're afraid that what's in him is inside of you. And Benedicte... she's wrong. You don't do this to save the world. You do this to save yourself. I know because you and I are the same. And I can only save myself if Howard answers for David. I can't help you... because you haven't given me enough. This file is just facts... background information about your stepfather. It tells me nothing. What more do you need to know? This. It's been a while since I've been down here. Strange. He hasn't changed anything. It's exactly the same. Right here. This spot. This is where my stepfather would... My brother. I was made to... I had to watch. And I don't remember the first time it started, it just happened. And you'd think I'd remember something like that. This was Howard's house. Before he married my mom. Never felt like home to my brother and I. Howard tried his best, and... I remember, just after we moved, he came down here and built me this toy chest, and... Kids can sense when a grownup is just trying to win them over. I resented the thing and refused to put it in my room. I was a bit of a brat. You? Yeah, I know. And like I said, I don't remember how it began. But whenever we'd come down here to play and our mom was out, Howard started showing up at the top of the stairs. "What are you up to down there?" And then he'd come down and... play a game with us. I mean, I think we had every board game ever made. Look at all these. Sorry!, Trouble, Don't Spill the Beans, Stay Alive... and you think the titles would have been a warning. I mean, we didn't mind him joining in. These games are always more fun the more people that played. We both always wanted to be the silver pig. And I'd let him. I had to be the bank, and David was always the silver pig. It's funny the details you do remember. The pig token is missing. I bet more than half the pieces in all these games are missing. I... I was one of those sore losers that would toss the game across the room every time I lost. You? Yeah, I know. And Howard would lecture me on the importance of good sportsmanship and civility. It was then, after these lectures, that he would tell me... it was time for the boys to play "Big boy games." I guess at first I thought they were just wrestling. Roughhousing. And I was so young I didn't understand what was happening. But somehow, I knew... that it shouldn't be happening. Howard would take this... and shove it in David's mouth. To muffle... And while that was going on, I'd come over to my toy chest. Sometimes I'd climb in. I remember, because I was... confused. I'd be playing with my toys, but I wasn't happy. And all I wanted... was to be someplace far away. When he was done... Howard would clean David up. Then he'd come over to me and just say... "Don't tell Mommy." And I never did. I don't know why, but I never told anyone... but you, just now. And I don't know why I never did anything to help him... ...when it was happening. And I'll never forgive myself for it. And he would, uh... he would make me lift up my dress, pull down my underwear... and he would take out a penknife and cut me... Just barely, but enough to hurt... right above my hip. To remind me to never tell Mommy. He would cut you? That's unusual for someone engaged in this type of behavior. To risk being caught by giving you such an obvious wound. Those look like fresh scars. I cut over the scars that he gave me. They're my scars now. I control them. If you're cutting yourself, you're not in control of anything. I could never figure out why Howard made me stay down here and watch. A couple years ago, I was doing research on this, and I came across one of your papers. You made me understand. To be at their mercy. Knowing they have control over another human being... that's all part of it. It's not just the sex. And then I read your other work... and I knew you were the one to help me. I'm still not... exactly sure... what it is you want from me. The police believe that David simply ran away, and my mother still thinks that, to this day. But he wouldn't have done that, not without telling me. We were close. We'd been through all this. The day David disappeared, I'd gone out shopping with my mother. I think David tried to put up a fight or threatened to tell someone, and Howard... Howard killed my brother. You have no evidence of this. That's why I need you. My whole life has lead up to trying to prove what he has done, what he's probably still doing. Monsters don't just stop. The youth charity honors? Coaching little league and hockey? I've used every technique and trick I know as a police detective to try and catch him, to find evidence. I've done everything. I need you to profile him. Tell me how he killed my brother. And tell me what he did with David's body. Catherine? Is that you? What are you up to down there? Catherine? What are you doing home? I-I'm down here with a boy, Mom. We're smoking cigarettes and totally making out. Right. - Well, Mom, I thought - you said you guys were going out tonight. - We did. But now we're back. Howard, um, Thomas Schaeffer. I brought him by your chambers? Oh, yeah, the, uh... professor. Psychology, right? This is mother Marie. We're old friends. You are?! We, uh... We bumped into each other at your new place. And what were you doing at my place? Smoking cigarettes and totally making out. Ooh... She's a good kisser, ain't she? Thomas... would you like a coffee maybe? Or-or a drink? No, we have to get going. We were just working on a case nearby, and I wanted to swing by and get something for the apartment. But, um, I promised Thomas it would only take a second. What did you want in the basement? Well, um... I was thinking about using my old toy chest as a dresser for blankets or something. Oh, that would look so cute in your new place. Which is why I decided against it. But Catherine was telling me all about that chest. How it has special meaning for her? What, with you having built it for her yourself. Uh... Catherine. Howard didn't build it. You know who built it. It was the only thing he ever finished in his whole life. My dad made it? I mean, I clearly remember watching Howard make it. Didn't you? Sorry, my dear. This is the way it begins. First the memory goes, and then the knees. You know, maybe we will have that drink. He's the doctor. What are you having? I got a great Scotch. Our last two leads pulled up nothing. Neither will this one, so we're done. What do say, Ray? Living the dream. You know Detective Molbeck. - Yeah, hey, Jer. - Hey. What do you have? Ah, just give me a bourbon, Ray. Neat. Iron City. All right. That first guy we checked out? How did he even summon up enough brains to fill out the admission form for the police academy, huh? I know, but that's exactly the kind of guy they end up putting in charge. I know, right? Hey, Ray... I was talking to some guy and he said you used to, uh, own a restaurant or something... is that right? - Nah, the place never opened. - Oh, yeah? Why not? The money guy walked away with all the money. That sucks. Seamus Frey walked away with all my retirement money. So I'm still here serving Pittsburgh's finest, while they're still on duty, for shit tips. You know, we just found him murdered on top of that round parking structure deal. Seamus Frey was murdered? Yeah. Drinks are on the house! So, it, uh, seems you've been doing quite a bit of work with Catherine lately. I've been consulting on a couple of cases. But, um, I'm afraid I'm not able to continue in that capacity. Really? Well, that's a shame. From what I understand, you're very good at what you do. Catherine's just being polite. Uh, I didn't get it from Catherine. I trust her completely. But when she brings someone unknown into my chambers to get information from sealed court cases, I like to know who has her confidences. I, uh, did a little checking up on you. Hope you don't mind. Not at all. Hope you didn't find anything disconcerting. Well, Catherine is my only concern. Tell me, as a psychologist, working alongside of her, Do you think that she, uh...? She hasn't had an easy life. You know, her... parents' divorce was, um, not, uh, very pleasant to say the least. And she had, uh, an older brother who she was very close to. And then he ran away and disappeared. And I don't think she ever got over that. And now she's gotten into this, uh, line of work, and... boy, the things that police officers witness on a daily basis, it's got to take its toll. I worry so much about her. Well, she's very strong-willed. I wouldn't worry about her too much. You're a father yourself. And your advice to me is don't worry about your kid. - No, I'm just saying. - Oh! She really knows how to take care of herself. Well, uh... I've tried so hard to give her nothing but love. Support. I don't want anything bad to ever happen to her. I understand. Completely. So, where's our booze? Oh, I was distracted! Sorry, dear. All right, we'll settle up here, Ray. Come on, man, hated Frey? Resentment of the cops for not checking his case? Yeah, but still... you're talking about Schaeffer's ideas. I mean... that's palm reader stuff, Jer. I'm thinking we were right all along. Killer didn't know he was on video. Why take that chance? And taking a trophy? Why keep a trophy if all it's gonna do is help get you caught? I mean, isn't murdering the guy...? Now, only maybe because I'm-I'm just thinking out loud here. What if the 20 bucks...? Was the trophy. The money's not money. It's a souvenir. And Schaeffer said he'd be displaying it out in the open. Hey, Don, what's with that? Using my wall as an ATM? We gonna need to get an evidence bag for this? Easy, Ray! - Bye, mom. - Bye. Thank you for your hospitality. I could've sworn that Howard built that toy chest. I'm gonna help you. He's lying. When you reintroduced us, he acted like he could barely remember me. But then, two minutes later, he told me that he'd been checking up on me. And a minute after that, he referenced my son. Why would he pretend not to remember me... when he knows everything about me? He's guilty of something. I'm gonna be there for you, Thomas. You? Well, that's a relief. Are you sure you want to do this, Catherine? I've been working for years to this moment. I'm ready. Your mother knows. She's always known. Sync and corrections by explosiveskull www.addic7ed.com 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 