Those Who Kill: Season 1, Episode 2 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Those Who Kill 
 s1e2 - The Way Home - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Those Who Kill (2014): Season 1, Episode 2 - The Way Home - full transcript 
 The police are investigating the beating death of 24 year-old Monica Albreath whose body was found in a dumpster in the alley behind where she worked. Catherine isn't supposed to be working cases while the shooting investigation from her previous case clears her, but she can't help herself. She contacts Schaeffer - another no-no since he has yet to be deposed in her shooting case - to get his views and his take on a message found at the scene - 'I AM' written in the victim's blood. He thinks the killing was a spontaneous act and that the message was written by the victim. Catherine is pushing Schaeffer to profile her father, a family court judge, who she accuses of being a child abuser. She's also given a John Doe suicide case to investigate. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 - Previously on Those Who Kill... - It's Jensen, sir. She called all this in for one body? She's been in Homicide for, like, six months. I'm thinking we should bring in a forensic psychologist. I'd like to bring on Thomas Schaeffer. This logic, these minds are dark, monstrous forces to explore. You could get lost and never return. Schaeffer? No. He's dangerous. People get hurt. So you didn't actually talk to him about me. You, mine. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 You have nothing! Turn over. Is that John Wayne Gacy's house? It's Jeffrey Dahmer's childhood home? And this one I don't know. Whose is it? Officer shooting investigative protocol requires that an investigation is initiated. Do not talk to Schaeffer. What do I have to be afraid of? _ _ ♪ broken bones and broken glass ♪ ♪ broken hearts and broken heads ♪ ♪ livin' the life ♪ 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 ♪ whoa-oa-oa! ♪ ♪ broken bones and broken glass ♪ ♪ broken hearts and broken heads ♪ ♪ livin' the life ♪ ♪ whoa-oa-oa! ♪ Hey! _ Need some help? I'm fine. Thanks. Didn't make it home? Get to bed. No! No! Sync and corrections by n17t01 www.addic7ed.com Good morning. Good morning. Did you have any good dreams last night? Yeah. Yeah? What were they about? Tell me. You better go! I'm positive. About...? Sweetie, could you brush your teeth for me now? Thank you. Could be my last day with PPD. I blow the deposition, I'm... I'm done. Off the force. Then this assistant DA, he files charges, makes a career out of me. Look, desk duty's made you nuts. You need to do real work, or you're done. You've been waiting over a month to be done with this deposition. Just get it over with. What do you have to worry about? Schaeffer's testimony. Okay, uh, after the serology test on this down here, can we get some safety paint on the words and location? Secure that bin. Lock it up and get it over to the warehouse. Her ID says "Monica Marie Albreath." 24, married, year-old kid. Husband's been told. Looks like she was beaten with one of those extendable metal rod, you know, self-defense thingies with the... with the ball on the end. She was the coffee girl at an AA meeting last night, right here. These buildings are all clinics and volunteer places, so none can afford security cameras. Well, if she had her ID, I don't see her writing "I am", you know, "Monica Albreath," do you? No. It could be the killer writing it. I'm gonna go bring this down. _ So, Detective Molbeck and Dr. Schaeffer have left the room, the suspect is face down on the floor. What did you do? Turn over. I approached the suspect to gauge the degree of injuries inflicted by the gunshots. Your weapon drawn? Yes. I was holding it in a ready position. I wasn't certain if he was still armed, so as a precaution, I assumed Krogh was still in possession of a weapon. All right, let me be certain. The suspect, Eric Krogh, was on the floor, multiple gunshot wounds, unarmed. Okay, Catherine, here we are. On the record... why did you kill Eric Krogh? Eric Krogh suddenly and unexpectedly rolled onto his back and made an aggressive move towards me. Cross your arms. So I defended myself. Did you then take your police badge from the suspect? Yes, I did. Why... would a detective knowingly compromise a crime scene investigation? What he took from me... I knew right then, right there... I might never be able to get back again. So I just took back what I knew I could. Sorry, honey. Sorry. No, I was just out at Exchange Way all morning. The cell reception sucks over there. Give the kids a hug for me, too. I know. Yeah, yeah, the girl in the dumpster. So, uh, what's the deal with the weekend? Okay. All right, look, he doesn't want to come to his nephew's birthday, what can we do? Her purse, right? Was her cell phone in it? I'm just trying to help. Can it wait? I'm on the phone? This "I am" on the ground, is it hers? Wait-- Ally, hang on one second. You just can't help yourself, can you? You're not just trying to help. You're trying to see if there's any way you can bogart the case, if they clear you. I am trying to help. Running the numbers off her cell is just standard procedure. What is this? Sorry. I can't just sit here anymore. Good job in there. Schaeffer comes in on Thursday and... What? You think he'll say something to jam you up? I can't talk to him during the time of the inquiry. Who knows what he's thinking? Is this a thing where he saw something and you're not coming clean? Just sit tight. Don't do anything stupid that gets you in deeper. Yes? It's Catherine. We're not supposed to be talking. I don't give my testimony until Thursday. Mother of a one-year-old found in a dumpster. AA coffee person at the community center. This is an enormous outburst of violence. Blunt object. Probably male. Men use blunt weapons. Husband? Wasn't him. Checks out. He's a mess over her death. And here... "I am," written in blood. This wasn't planned. This is his first time. He could have just left the body in the alley, but he tried to hide her. He doesn't want to be caught. Which means this "I am" wasn't done by him. He wouldn't have left behind evidence intentionally. This "I am" must be done by the victim. Her ID was found in the trash. It's unlikely she was trying to write her identity. He knew she'd be at that AA meeting. Maybe he was there himself. It was late. It would have been dark in the alley. So she would have been cautious. He-he-he would have used something... an object; something to lure her to him. Something that they both had in common. Maybe he wanted to show her. It could have fallen out when he put her in the dumpster. Search the dumpster again. Thomas, your deposition. They'll send me to prison. I was wondering when the real reason you were here would come up in conversation. I need to know... if what you're going to say will send me away. You did it because you wanted to kill him... and you could. We both know that. If you say that... it will end my career-- my life, really. Just lie. The thing about you is, even knowing a lot... isn't knowing much. Have you read the file? The files about my stepfather? What you're implying your stepfather did... that he abused and killed your brother, other children? I was wrong once before. I made a mistake... and people died. Ask Bisgaard. People lost their lives. I almost lost my own. No, if you tell the truth, I won't be around if you find Howie's guilty! Then why bother? Because, Catherine... it's the truth. And the truth is still worth telling. The truth-- this man is a lie. Go on. Get out of there. Did you find anything in the area? In the dumpster, maybe? A personal object? What are you talking about? There's a lot of personal objects in a dumpster. You know, like, a pack of cigarettes, maybe. He could've offered her a smoke. He wanted to show her something. He could have used something to lure her over to him. Could give us a lead. If I found evidence from a suspended cop, it would be inadmissible. Don't tell them where you found it. You can take the credit. Look, Catherine, can't you wait one more day? Monica Albreath doesn't have one more day. Why should I? All rise. Superior Court of the State of Pennsylvania, County of Allegheny, Court of Family Law, the Honorable Howard Burgess presiding, is now in session. Please be seated and come to order. Good morning, everyone. Good morning. Go, Steelers. Mr. Angelo. Judge Burgess, Your Honor... I just wanted... uh, first... thank you for letting me say that, with respect, sir... that when you imposed the order to let my ex-wife see our son, I was, respectfully, so mad. I-I see now that you understood that my boy needed to see his mom, and, uh, and I needed to put my feelings aside so that he could be happy. And, uh, I know that, because of what you did, he is. And I-I just wanted to say thank you, Judge Burgess, Your Honor. You've done so much to heal my son and my home. Thank you, Mr. Angelo. You're a good father. And I'm... I'm honored to have, uh, played any part in your child's happiness. Every child should feel safe and happy. Jim? Didn't you go home? It's late, man. I got this. Go home. Oh, no. No, I am not seeing this. You're gonna get me suspended. Gonna have IA dickheads looking at me because you can't get your shit together? I'll be out by tonight. No, it is not that. You know I love you. Hailey loves you. You can crash on my couch until you go through menopause, but it is time, Catherine. If you need a therapist or you want me to stay with you a few nights or whatever... whatever truth or whatever lie you need to convince yourself, you have to find some way home. No, no, no, no, no. Whatever it is, no. _ Come on, hit him! Hit him, Auntie Cathy. What are we doing? You got to punch those trolls like this. No! - Let's go! - Hey, are you hungry? Yeah, but I want to keep playing. Well, I'm hungry. I know how we can both be happy. Yeah? Hi, guys! Yeah! Here we go! No! My turn! Can I be done? Can you eat a vegetable, please? Cheese is not a vegetable. Come on. Just one, it's not gonna kill you. Then we can tell Mommy we ate our vegetables. And we won't be liars. We don't want to be liars, right? Can we go play the games now? Okay. Can I be done now, too? Sure. No shooting games. Your idea or hers? To come here? If it's the parent's idea, you're not allowed to let it get to you. Well, I didn't know any better. I've never been here before. So, is she...? Hailey? She's my friend's kid. I'm, like, that close friend that gets called "Aunt." My wife's got a school thing tonight, so I'm, uh... just, uh... I'm-I'm-I'm Cheese Dad tonight. At least I'll leave with these cool prizes, Cheese Dad. Me, too. Same ones as last time, though. Write your cell here. When you get a text from me... it's a one-time deal. You blow it... you blow it. One more book, and then it's lights-out, okay? I can't believe you did that. You got that coin out of the dumpster! It's totally inadmissible. You threatened the investigation. You threatened my career? Molbeck's career? Your own? I am so mad at you. _ _ Just ignore it. It's what I do. I can open it if you have an opener or... um... I heard it was good. No, don't. Just go. Just get out of here. We're good, though. What's your name? Cheese Girl? ♪ the sky is dark ♪ ♪ the trip was long ♪ ♪ we know ♪ ♪ it's far ♪ ♪ they said ♪ ♪ it's wrong ♪ ♪ to live so fast ♪ ♪ and feel so strong ♪ ♪ but why can't I have mine? ♪ ♪ love ♪ ♪ is colder ♪ ♪ love ♪ ♪ is colder ♪ ♪ love ♪ ♪ is colder ♪ ♪ than death ♪ ♪ are you dark ♪ ♪ or are you fair? ♪ ♪ do you sit ♪ ♪ on a star or chair? ♪ _ They're watching, so... don't talk to Catherine. It'll be in the conference room. Coffee? No, thanks. Listen, Schaeffer... Jensen is the best detective I have on the force. You're right, Frank. We shouldn't talk about this. Thomas. Hey. Good to see you again. You have anything new? Uh, yeah. Monica Albreath. Autopsy found she was pregnant. Fourth month. How about the serology report? All right, check this out. Monica Albreath's blood was O+, right? The writing in blood on the pavement was O+, so now I'm figuring it the other way. What if it was Monica writing the "I am" and not the killer? Like she was trying to write something like, "I am pregnant," to save her baby. Dr. Schaeffer? We're ready for you. Okay, pregnant women... by definition, are more than one. She would not have written "I am." She would have written "we." And since the killer, I believe, does not wish to be caught or confess... There was a third person. Yo... it's the biggest one I've rolled, ever. Lighter. Go get that. - - Huh? - Huh? Assistant DA Heinicke is holding on line one, sir. Sorry, sir. Thank you for waiting. Never good to keep the DA's Office on hold. What's the verdict? I know full well what she did in there, and know that I will be passing that along to Internal Affairs, to watch Jensen. But due to the life-threatening circumstances, the right to defend herself and especially the absence of any contradicting eyewitness testimony... the district attorney's office has no choice but to determine no abuse of force on the part of Detective Jensen. You're good to reinstate her. That's great news. Thank you, sir. Douche bag. All right. This is going to be like a rehab assignment. Gotta work your way back in. A John Doe found under the 31st Street Bridge. Probably a jumper. See if you can ID him. If you can't, in three weeks, the county will run him through the toaster. You know it was Schaeffer's idea to look for that sobriety coin. You should retain him as a consultant on the Monica Albreath case. Congrats on the verdict. Why don't you come back? Thanks, Mia, but... I think I'll try my place tonight. Pull! Pull! Okay... What did you want to see me here for? We're going Jet Skiing. I was assigned a John Doe. Kid. Jumped off this bridge. The next day after Monica Albreath's body was found. His blood type? O+. The same as the writing on the ground - next to where she was killed. - Well... one in three people in Pittsburgh are O+, so that would be a hell of a coincidence. But you knew that. So why did you want to see me here? Why did you lie in the deposition? Was it because you believe me? About my stepfather? I don't... know about your Howard Burgess. I would need to know a lot more. I know it's not what you want to hear, and I don't want to hurt you by saying it, but you can't... I can't be wrong. It's dangerous. "It's"? You mean me? Well, you know a lot about me, too, Catherine. ♪ you knock on her door ♪ ♪ she don't recognize your voice no more ♪ ♪ so she got on an airplane ♪ ♪ na na na na na so long after ♪ ♪ stripped down from the fever ♪ ♪ laid down in a hotel bed ♪ ♪ wouldn't take no phone calls at all ♪ ♪ didn't want no more voices in her head ♪ ♪ and that's the way that you feel ♪ ♪ that's the way that you feel ♪ ♪ that's the way that you feel, honey, now ♪ ♪ that's the way that you feel ♪ ♪ in the blue part of the evening ♪ ♪ sometimes it's hard ♪ ♪ then she hears you coming ♪ ♪ but she's stuck against the wall ♪ ♪ oh, she want what she want, so she do what she do ♪ ♪ but now when she looks at you ♪ ♪ she covers one eye ♪ ♪ 'cause she can see into your mind ♪ ♪ and she no longer wants to ♪ ♪ and that's the way that you feel ♪ ♪ that's the way that you feel ♪ ♪ that's the way that you feel, honey, now ♪ ♪ that's the way that you feel ♪ Sync and corrections by n17t01 www.addic7ed.com 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 