Those Who Kill: Season 1, Episode 3 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Those Who Kill 
 s1e3 - Rocking the Boat - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Those Who Kill (2014): Season 1, Episode 3 - Rocking the Boat - full transcript 
 As the killer escalates, Catherine uses the investigation of the two victims to push Thomas to research her allegations further. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Previously on Those Who Kill... The district attorney's office has no choice but to determine no abuse of force on the part of Detective Jensen. Write your cell here. When you get a text from me, it's a one-time deal. What you're implying your stepfather did, that he abused and killed your brother? The victim's ID says Monica Marie Albreath. She was the coffee person at an AA meeting last night 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 right here at the community center. I'd like to bring on Thomas Schaeffer. I was wrong once before. I made a mistake, and people died. This is an enormous outburst of violence. Probably male; men use blunt weapons. I was assigned a John Doe. Kid. Jumped off this bridge the next day after Monica Albreath's body was found. Blood type? O+. I think the two cases are connected. Come on. I'm a detective, not an actor. Why you want me in an AA meeting 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 pretending to be something I'm not? If we go in as detectives working a homicide, no one will talk. Look, I'm gonna give you the words to draw out the killer. All you have to do is say them. Monica Albreath married her high school sweetheart. He alibied out. The woman was squeaky clean. Sober three years. Right, so either the murder was totally random, or... I don't think it was random. The proximity of the blows, the intensity of the rage... you save that for someone you know. The one loose thread we've got is Monica's sobriety. What, you think she fell off the wagon? Could be. I mean, her husband said she stepped up the amount of meetings she was going to. Either she was struggling, or she was going there to see someone. Her killer. You need to move quickly. That beating went on way after Monica was dead. Which tells me that... He got off on it. It was a rush, a release. But it's not a one-off. Look, you don't explode like that and then go back to... bagging groceries at the Piggly Wiggly. He's gonna look for another outlet. He's gonna kill again. Sooner than later. First one's on him, next one's on us. Okay. What do we have to say? I got away with something and I'm afraid if I don't get caught... then I can get away with anything. I'm not here to be forgiven. If I wanted that, I could get it any Sunday at St. Joseph's for free from a guy in a dress who doesn't even know me. Know thyself. I mean, how else do you get to acceptance? And I thought I did, warts and all, and then I did this. I got away with something. And, uh... I'm afraid if I don't get caught... I could get away with anything. Now, brother, please don't get me wrong. I'm not looking to be forgiven. I am way beyond that. But I'm here, right? I mean, I showed up. I gotta believe that that means something. It's, uh... know thyself. Know thyself, and... and I thought I did, warts and all. But, uh... then I did this thing, and... What I'm trying to say here is... I didn't know what I was capable of. I don't want to hurt anyone else. I'm sorry, I need some air. Pittsburgh PD! I'm armed! Show me your hands, now! What'd I do? - I said now! - All right. All right. Sync and corrections by n17t01 www.addic7ed.com I'm point on this and I say it's time we dump Schaeffer's theory already. Let me guess, you got one of your own? You get my good side? I didn't know there was a bad one. We nabbed an up close and personal of everyone in attendance. We'll run 'em down. See if anyone pops. Good work. Could you maybe be more, uh, specific? Well, the syllabus made it sound awesome, you know, like, "Come spend an hour a week listening to messed-up murder stories." Which is cool and all... Is this about your midterm exam, Mr. Shindell? You want us to actually go inside these dudes' heads, and... I can't sleep. I've got to drop your class. Okay. Well... I'm sorry to hear that, Mr. Shindell. So how do you do it? I mean... that's got to get inside you, too. If you could all find a seat... I'm just saying, it's been almost a week chasing the victimology Schaeffer worked up. Patience. I'm a well of patience, okay? A river. Hell, ask anybody who knows me. I'm an ocean of patience. But eventually, every source of water's gonna... Look, I'm just saying that it'll... Did you pick the wrong metaphor, Detective? Monica came to her first service at St. Jude's when she was only seven years old. But she came with questions. That was Monica. Full of questions. Full of life. A life taken too soon. You got a minute? I'd like to propose we head in a new direction on the Albreath case. All right, what started me thinking was there was no money in her wallet. So what if we're looking at a mugging gone wrong? Could be the kid's out looking for a quick payday, spots Albreath alone in the alley, but turns out she's not giving up her purse so easy. Things take an ugly turn, a struggle ensues, ending in Albreath dead and in a dumpster. - What about the writing? - You mean the writing on the pavement? I'm thinking it was the kid. Say he got a case of the guilts. Could be he was writing "I am sorry." Or "I am guilty." "I am hungry." Whatever. So he got interrupted in the middle of his opus, or was scared he would be, and takes off. He can't live with what he did, finds himself out at the bridge looking at a life of shame and jumps. Done and done. ID came back on the John Doe. We've got a name. Trevor Stewartson. And he's got a record. Quite an extensive one. Fits with your theory. I was just gonna take it to Jensen, but, uh, since you were in such a hurry to chat... And cut Thomas Schaeffer loose. I'm going before the board on Thursday, every penny's gonna count. Hey, Eric. Cat Jensen. Wow. So, what, are you slumming? No, I'm working a case and I just needed to clear my head. God, it feels like 20 minutes ago your stepdad was... was coaching me and David. Now he's coaching my boys. It's crazy, right? Yeah. You know, I was thinking about coming down and giving Howard an extra set of hands on Saturday practice. The boys would love that, and, uh... so would I. Do you think I could get a copy of the team roster? You know, so I can connect the faces to the names? Yeah, I don't see why not. Stick around? Yeah. Welcome back, you two. You want to take a peek? Well, it's still early on. So sometimes it's hard to get, but... let's see. Aha. There. You see it? Hello there, you. Let me try from a different angle here. Water. It sounds like water. Now, I've been doing this a long time. And I still never know who's gonna cry first. The water. Go on, take it. I'm a big girl. I'll be right back. Mm-hmm. Hello. Hey, uh, it's Molbeck. Good news. Jerry, uh... I was wrong. The killer, I don't think we're looking for a man. Right, uh, we ID'd our jumper. Name was Trevor Stewartson. No, you're not listening to me. You have to look for a... Yeah, man, you're making this hard. Look, Trevor had a criminal record as long as my arm. Okay? That's impressive for a kid that age. This was a botched robbery. Followed by a suicide. Meaning that we no longer require your services. _ ♪ bite chunks ♪ ♪ out of me ♪ ♪ you're a shark and I'm swimming ♪ ♪ my heart still thumps ♪ ♪ as I bleed ♪ ♪ and all your friends ♪ ♪ come sniffing ♪ ♪ triangles are my favorite shape ♪ ♪ three points where two lines meet ♪ ♪ toe to toe ♪ ♪ back to back, let's go, my love ♪ ♪ it's very late ♪ ♪ till morning comes ♪ ♪ mm-mm-mm ♪ ♪ let's tessellate ♪ You didn't tell me to bring a towel. The water got me thinking. The cause of death is listed as head trauma. Uh, if you mean Trevor Stewartson, then yeah. Hit rocks. What rocks? You think I didn't check the bathymetry? The terrain of the river floor? You can't see it from the surface, but there are enough rocks right below the bridge to do the trick. But let's say that Trevor and Monica Albreath were killed by the same person possibly using the same weapon. Did Mia check to see if the head contu...? First it's not suicide, now it's murder? Which begs the question. Why were their bodies treated so differently? Monica was literally pulverized and left to rot in the dumpster. While Trevor's body was moved so that he could be laid to rest gently. She buried him here. "She"? The killer is a woman. Two days ago you say we're looking for a male suspect. Now it's a woman? What's it gonna be tomorrow? Look, I'm not an oracle. Sometimes I'm wrong. Is this because Molbeck cut you loose? Because it's a hell of a long way to get to... What? They missed it. Trevor was a John Doe when they canvassed this scene. They must've only done a sweep of the bridge and not below. We have to bag this and confirm it belongs to him. Oh, come on, you know that it does. It all comes back to the water. It's got a soothing quality to it. Almost gentle. Men and women are different animals. Up to and including how they would dispose of a body. Men prefer dirt. Men like to get their hands dirty. But women? They favor water. Okay, let's say for sake of argument that there's one killer-- a woman-- and two victims. But if she could get away with a clean kill, why would she risk moving one of the bodies? The different treatment of the victims leads me to believe that there was a personal connection between the killer and Trevor. Monica was a stranger. But Trevor? She couldn't stand to put him in a dumpster. Molbeck's point on this. And as far as him and my boss are concerned, this case is closed. So you're giving up? I'm the only one who's given two shits about Trevor Stewartson since... Okay, Catherine, I... What? You what?! It could've been David. Don't move. You like? Mm-hmm. I always used to paint my nails when I was a little girl. Always pinks and reds. I used to be happy. Then he took it all away from me. But I stayed good. I'm talking too much. My mother always said, "Don't burden others with your problems." Such a pretty shade. I've done something, Mrs. Steinmetz. Something very, very bad. It's opened a door. And I don't think I can close it again. I don't want to. Everybody's got to pay. You are my sunshine. Sweet Mary. It's Angela, Ma. Mary's in Boston, remember? Has been for going on three years now? Plea... Don't rush away on my account. Please, stay. No, we were done already. I'll see you at breakfast, Mrs. Steinmetz. Hey. Don't ever touch me. What you're implying your stepfather - did to your brother... - I know what he did. - David's missing person's rep... - He's not missing! David's dead. And Howard killed him. Catherine. You're smarter than that. Howard Burgess, he's not just your stepfather. He's a judge. And a highly regarded one at that. Now, if you go after him, you'll get one swing. And what you've got, what you've shown me, it's all circumstantial. Oh, bullshit. Not to mention obtained through highly questionable means. Now, David's file... I can understand, he's family. But the others? You have xeroxed copies of juvenile cases Burgess worked, sealed court papers from Indiana to West Virginia all held together with concert stickers and duct tape. It doesn't matter how I got them if they're the truth. Just help me prove it. What did he do to you, Catherine? It's not about me. Because right now the only evidence that I can see against Judge Burgess... is that you profile like a victim. I don't care if it's 500 units. We're gonna shove it down their throats and make 'em think it's honey. All right? One second. _ We'll... finish this tomorrow. Hey. How did you know that...? Where can we go? - Ow! - I'm sorry, are you okay? Shut up. ♪ I can touch ♪ ♪ I can touch ♪ ♪ I can touch... ♪ You hear we ID'd my John Doe? Blessed be. Could you do me a solid? Move him up in line for an autopsy now that he has a name. Something about COD isn't sitting right. But this time I'm coming to you instead of raiding your files while you're asleep. Think of it as growth. Wait, says here your jumper's body was claimed yesterday. Oh! Damn it! Hey, babe. - I have to... - Hey. You're going out? Yeah, just the ob-gyn. Another blood test. What? Uh... Hey, every pregnancy is different. Just because we had complications with John... They said it was just a lab screwup. No big deal. Okay. Are we going down the rabbit hole again? We're fine. Do you want me to support you? Or do you want me to tell you to walk away? What I want... is for you to have a great blood test. - Hmm? - Hmm. Hmm. Yes. Trevor Stewartson's body's gone. And the name of the woman that signed for him? It's bogus. So is her cell number. She claimed to be a friend of the family. You still there? Yeah, I'm still here. Well, did you hear what I said? A woman claimed the body. A man who used a false name to cover her tracks. I mean, it goes to your theory. We need to poke a hole in Molbeck's idea, prove that Trevor was the victim and not the perpetrator. If only we could find out more about where he came from or what made him tick. Yeah, but Trevor's juvenile records are sealed. But you know a family court judge. Hey there, pussycat! How are ya? Good to see you. This is Professor Thomas Schaeffer. He's advising me on the case. Professor! Sir. So, where'd you study? Uh, Wecht Institute of Forensic Science and Law at Duquesne University. Oh, well, then you're not a Pitt native. No, sir. Rochester born and raised. Rochester! That's a farm team for the Minnesota Twins. You a Twinkie? I'm Buckos since birth. Attaboy! Attaboy. Well, lets get to, uh, what you came here for. Remind me, what was it? Trevor Stewartson. Stewartson, right, right. He factors into a homicide I'm working. In order to move forward, I need to have a better understanding of his psychological history. Stewartson... Here it is. I got it. I got it, got it, got it, got it. Stewartson. Huh... Uh-oh. This might make things complicated. There are allegations of abuse here. Physical or sexual? Well, either way, as an officer of the court, there are certain files in this document I feel obligated to redact. Trevor Stewartson's deceased. Yes, but his alleged abusers are not. You could file a motion to unseal. That'll take the better part of a year. Yeah, and you'd lose. But, uh, I can tell you there were appropriate measures taken and that the foster home-- its license was revoked. After a thorough assessment, I hope. So often, children misunderstand, mistake care, love, even, for something inappropriate. I mean, one badly worded question from a Child Welfare worker can destroy the lis of a well-meaning mother or father-- foster mother or father, of course. You must see it every day. I certainly do. I'm sorry. I can't release the files outright. My hands are tied. But I could give you selected pages. How's that for a compromise? Hmm? Okay. The name and address of the foster home... Sorry, no on that. Nope, not that. Oh, now here we go. Here's a list of offenses committed while still a juvenile. Hope that'll help. Terrific. And that, as they say, is that. So, we seeing you for supper on Sunday? I'm on pie duty. Good. Good. You have a game that day? Oh, yes, as a matter of fact, I do. Howard coaches bantam hockey. Well, I... Show him. I know you want to. I'm guilty as charged. Professor, let me show you something here. This is last year's season champs. Now, the boys haven't let success go to their heads. They're ready to work hard. So, uh, Professor, until our paths cross again. Yes, sir. Cat, always good to see you. - You, too, Howie. - Mm-hmm. Well, that wasn't what I was expecting. The great Honorable Judge Burgess? You. Stroking a narcissist. That ever work? He gave us nothing pertaining to Trevor's behavioral profile. Reading for the drive up to Waterfall. Why, what's in Waterfall? Trevor's last foster family. Ten kids, three with burn marks, including Trevor. One pregnant but refusing to admit the name of the father? Trevor knew firsthand what his foster parents had done. If he confronted either one of them... I gotta hit the loo. Hey, Catherine. You okay? The Fedaks are considered people of interest, suspects. I want you to observe and give your social and psychological assessment, but don't... Don't speak unless mortally wounded? Mr. Fedak? You expecting someone? No, I wasn't expecting anyone. There's a couple on the porch. Yes? Mrs. Fedak, I'm Catherine Jensen. I'm with the Pittsburgh... Child Welfare! You got my letters! Oh, now you get yourselves in here! Scrapple-- it's a Pennsylvania Dutch delicacy. Hog offal. Mrs. Fedak, about those letters... Oh, we just want to get our kids back. It has been so quiet here without them. Well, to ensure that you can meet the basic standards of health, safety and well-being, we're gonna have to ask you some questions. Of course! Shoot. Our records show that you had ten foster kids living on the farm when your license was revoked? Ten plus one of our own, little Boyd. And have you kept in touch with any of them? Oh, I wish with my whole heart that were the case, but you all kind of swooped in on us unexpected-like. Didn't exactly give us much time to exchange new addresses. I do have dreams, though. Sometimes at night, one of our children will come to me. Just like angels. What about Trevor Stewartson? Does he ever haunt your dreams? Oh, Trevor! Mm! Sharp as a tack, but that boy is his own worst enemy. Trevor would save himself a mess of pain if he could just learn to let go of things and-and move on. Now who is gonna stand there and tell me that these kids aren't better off here in a decent family who-who can...? Sweetheart, you're... The bathroom is the third door down the hall. You must be Little Boyd. You got dogs? Not anymore. Have you seen Trevor? He likes horses. Penny for your thoughts, Professor. Yeah, I'll tell you what, I'll give you a dollar for yours, Detective. I don't think Mrs. Scrapple's capable. Last she heard, Trevor was living on the streets. She claims she hasn't seen him in over two years, and... I'm inclined to believe her. Sometimes it's not about what you see but what you don't. The Fedaks may not have seen Trevor, but he was here. Receipts from Goodwill. He bought the suit over a week ago. How did you know to come out here? Well, that house was a hellhole. He needed an escape, a safe place. I had one. A 19-year-old doesn't put on a tie unless it counts. You're right. It was personal, he... he might've known the killer. Yes, that would explain the progression of the beatings. Trevor was killed with two forceful blows to the head. More consistent with surprise than premeditated attack. The second victim... the repeated strikes, the flat-out pulverizing of Monica Albreath... the intensity is building. Why did you come back? What is it? That's the kid from AA, Diego Rodriguez. He was in the same meeting as Monica Albreath. He's Trevor's foster brother. I need a 10-20 on a person of interest. Who were you going to meet, Trevor? What are you...? Do you see me? Do you see me, damn it? Here I am! Un-- No. No! You do not get to do that to me! _ Sorry to bother you at suppertime, but I thought you should know. A young man's been coming around, asking about you. Would you like a cup of tea? Sure. Diego! Hey! Hey! Diego, stop! Stop! Pittsburgh Police! Let me see your hands! It was about a week ago. Didn't you get my messages? Don't get me wrong, he was perfectly respectful, but... he was asking these personal things, like "When do you get home?" and "Do you live alone?". Of course, I didn't answer. He have a name? Oh, I didn't ask. But he's tall and lean. Maybe 20 or so. And he's... black. Sweetener? Oh, yes, please. I-I figured it's important, seeing as he came around more than once. Oh, he left his cell number. I have it right here. Angela, what are you...? Sync and corrections by n17t01 www.addic7ed.com 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 