The Promised Neverland: Season 1, Episode 9 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 The Promised Neverland 
 s1e9 - Episode #1.9 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 The Promised Neverland (2019–…): Season 1, Episode 9 - Episode #1.9 - full transcript 
 With Emma's leg broken and the next shipment date announced unexpectedly, the children begin to desperately think of plans that will ensure they will all survive to escape. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Norman's getting shipped? Yes. It's been decided that it'll be tomorrow. Mom. What happened to Emma's leg? Don't worry, it was a clean break. It'll heal back to normal without any scars. It'll probably take a month or two to completely heal. I hope it's healed by your birthday, Ray. Make sure to give me that bag later. Okay. Let's go back to our home. What should we do now? Norman is getting shipped out. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Our rope was taken away. Emma's leg is broken and she can't move. Emma's leg will heal quickly. We can make more rope! The escape will happen, so we'll make it happen! But first, Norman. But why? Why is Norman getting shipped? Mom was talking about the next shipment. When she said the situation changed, she was talking about Norman. And I can't believe even Sister... She was her usual energetic self this morning, too. She was smiling and doing laundry, like normal. But now, she's no longer alive anywhere in this world. Emma. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Don't worry. All she took was the rope. What are you saying? The plan isn't over yet. Your leg will heal. That's not it! We have to do something about your shipment! The escape will succeed. You're coming with us. You have to be with us, or else! Hold on. I'll get you some water. Norman! What are we going to do, Ray? We'll have him escape, obviously! No matter what! Damn it! Don. Gilda. We have to get ready. We're going to let Norman escape. Emma. Ray. Norman, tomorrow afternoon, escape by yourself. We're not going to let you die. Sorry, I can't do that. Denied. To be more precise, tomorrow afternoon, make it seem like you've escaped by yourself. Disable the tracking device, and pretend to have escaped. Then, hide in the area until Emma's leg is healed. And on the day we escape, you'll run away with us. But even if it may not be true, once I run away, the security will get tighter. That's not a problem. Judging from the House's caretaking policies, security won't increase much. Caretaking policies? One, to let us grow freely and comfortably. Two, strict confidentiality. The first point is best for our developing brains. A healthy child who grew up freely with rich emotions. That's the minimum obligation for the person in charge of the House. So that means point two is also... Yeah. The demons won't show themselves. If they rule us with fear, our brains won't develop into what they want. If they do change the security, they would only increase the number of guards or caretakers. That's something we can deal with. No, we will! Even so... If they increase the height of the wall to something we can't climb, how will you climb over it then? You can make a ladder while you're hiding or something. What if they change the tracking device to a more complex one? If they implant new ones, we'll know where they are, so we can just take them out! We can handle it! You get it, right? You don't have to die. I'll supply your food. We'll keep you hidden no matter what. We can more or less deal with tighter security. I still have a trump card to outwit Mom! So live! Pretend to run away, and with this method... No. I can't do it. It won't work. It's not just about security. If I run, you or Emma might get shipped out in my place. For one of you to get killed instead of me? I don't want that at all. They can have my life. But I have no intention of giving them anything else. I'll destroy what Mom has plotted and make sure the escape succeeds! Both of you, thank you. You should come up with and decide on a plan for after I'm gone. Don't be ridiculous. Then what were the last six years of my life for? Sorry. Damn it! Then Ray, you should break your leg, too. It's okay, right? Yeah, let's break a bone! Emma, what are you... You know, since I'm hurt so badly, I don't think I'll get shipped out in your place. Remember what the demon at the gate said? We're high-grade merchandise, and we're also special. When we go, we have to be in perfect form. So if they need a replacement, it'd be Ray. So if Ray were hurt badly as well, he wouldn't get shipped out immediately. That's a great idea. All right, let's get cracking. Right? But wouldn't my arm be enough? Oh yeah. Then let's break your arm. No, wait. It's not guaranteed that you won't get shipped out if you get hurt. Then catch a horrible cold. The demons won't eat me if I'm sick, right? Breaking your arm is super painful and it'll be exhausting to be sick, but you'll be fine, right? Yeah. We can discuss escape plans through string telephones or something. That's good. We won't have to worry about Mom hearing us. But... If that doesn't work, we'll think of something else. I'll do anything. Why? You're crazy for doing this. It's way better than having you die, Norman. Do you remember what you said? We'll all escape together, with everyone. If you're not part of this, I won't accept it! Let's keep living, together. Okay, Norman? Yeah. Norman. Use this to disable your tracking device tomorrow, and then go hide in the forest. And then climb the wall... ...and inspect. Let's get it done before they increase security. Don and Gilda are making new rope right now. They're using spare sheets stolen from the linen room. So it's complete. Press it against your left ear and push the button. That'll disable the tracking device. With this method, it won't notify Mom. Did you make that from camera parts? Not just the camera. I used parts from all the other rewards I got beforehand. I just wanted the strobe light from the camera. You spent six years getting parts from different items so Mom wouldn't figure it out. Amazing. It's not amazing or anything. After I realized the secret of the House, I had to do it. That's all. Ray. How did you find out about the House's secret? I asked you about it before, too. Because normally, no one would find out. From the beginning. I knew from the beginning. Do you know what infantile amnesia is? What's that? Without being aware, people forget their memories from when they were a baby. That's infantile amnesia. In rare cases, it doesn't happen to some people. Ray, do you mean... I have memories from when I was a fetus. There were inconsistencies between my own memories and my life at this House. That's how I found out. My first memory is being inside a dark, warm liquid. A lullaby I could hear from a distance. How much do you remember? It's in fragments, but highly detailed. I remember how the demons looked, and that there were other babies. The tracking devices were implanted, and we were divided into groups of five. Groups of five... After that, I passed through a dark tunnel and arrived here. The tunnel being the gate? Yeah. Wait. So past the gate isn't the outside, but... Headquarters. The headquarters and the adjacent five plants. That's what makes this House. So what Sister said was true, after all. The gate won't serve as an escape route. Beyond that is not just a few guards out there. It's swarming with demons and adults. Isn't that bad? No. That's why the security towards us is light. They'll only focus on the gate and won't increase security. Once Emma's leg is healed, we'll escape. I see. There's no need to be afraid. Tomorrow, you'll disappear. Got it. Listen up, everyone. I have good news. A foster family has been decided for Norman. I know this is sudden, but he's leaving tomorrow night. Tomorrow? Congratulations! Congratulations, Norman! Is this goodbye? This suddenly? We're going to miss him, huh? Congratulations! Congwats! Let's play a lot tomorrow! - We'll miss you. - Congratulations. - Congratulations. - Congratulations! - Congratulations, Norman! - Please don't go. Congratulations... Norman... congratulations! Thanks, everyone. Please write us letters. It's kind of sad though. She's still crying. Okay, let's eat dinner. Ba-baam! Ba-ba-baam! - That felt good. - Hey, Mom. What's this? Don't worry. It'll go as planned. Norman. Phew, I'm tired. That was fun. Where's Norman? Welcome back... Norman. Why? You bastard, what the hell? You can still run away! No. I have no intention of running away. Anyway, I want you to listen. It was a cliff. Past the wall... ...is a cliff. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 