The Promised Neverland: Season 1, Episode 7 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 The Promised Neverland 
 s1e7 - 011145 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 The Promised Neverland (2019–…): Season 1, Episode 7 - 011145 - full transcript 
 Krone discovers which children are aware of the House's secret. But rather than alert Isabella, Krone proposes an alliance with Norman, Emma and the others to help meet each other's goals. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Join forces? Don't worry, everyone. Everything's fine. We'll hear you out. That's right. We should cooperate together so we can achieve our goals. You all want to escape. I want to become Mom of this House. I want to drag Isabella down from her position as Mom, and seize that position for myself. Mom's position? Just to clarify, those are my true intentions. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 I also want to break free from this situation. Do you know about the management system here? Girls who fulfill certain conditions and live until 12 years old are presented with two paths when they're about to be shipped. To continue and die, or aim to become a Mom. What are the conditions? Scores above a certain number and the Mom's recommendation. If you can meet these two requirements, you can survive without escaping. - If you're a girl. - A girl... But I don't recommend it. Your body will never be able to leave this area. What is that? There's a chip inside. If an adult steps one foot outside of the farm, 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 an electrical current will be sent through this and their heart will stop. At the same time, if something else makes their heart stop, then it acts as a transmitter that notifies the higher-ups. So we couldn't kill the adults after all. I can only live inside the farms. That's why I want to live the best possible life here. As a Mom. Even if it's fake, it's a life for humans. But to get that, Isabella is in the way. If you all escape, she will be blamed. I won't get in your way. Escape. That will become a benefit for me. You're not going to ship us out? I won't. Let's cooperate! Let's work together. Wait. Let me verify one thing with Sister. What is it? What's your guarantee that you won't betray us? You won't trust me? Just answer! It's Ray. If Ray tells this to Mom, you can crush me. But if I tell Mom that Ray's been a double agent, I can crush him. That's why neither of us will betray the other. We can't. That's fine, right? Okay. Then we have a deal. I'll also share any other information that only I know about. It's proof of my friendship. Why don't you come to my room tonight? She wants to live the best possible life, huh? She was even one of us, too. She doesn't care at all about the lives of us children! But she said she won't ship us out. It's not that she won't. She can't. If she really wanted us to escape, she just needs to assist us quietly when the time is right. She's showing us her cards only because she wants to gain our trust. Why does she want our trust? She wants evidence that shows our rebellion. In other words, she's in a position where the higher-ups won't trust her without reliable evidence. Unlike Mom, she doesn't have the authority to ship us out. Evidence... Hey, what if she finds the rope we hid in the tree? It's fine. We can say various excuses to explain the rope. Like we were going to use it to play with. But— We're doomed if she finds the equipment that breaks the tracking devices. That's reliable evidence that we can't make excuses for. Don't worry. I won't make that kind of mistake. Besides, it's not finished yet. If we have her believe that we don't know where the tracking devices are, or how to break it, there shouldn't be an issue. I'm sure Sister would believe us if we play the cards correctly. Are you really going to go? You're dealing with that Sister Krone! It sounds nice that she'll tell us anything we want to know, but... Rather, why do we have to join forces with her? Does it give us an advantage? If we use her well, we might obtain some information. And that's one less person getting in our way. Then we can focus on investigation. It'll be okay. We have to use every opportunity we can. Ray, can I talk to you? I want to discuss the steps for the investigation. Sure. I have a favor to ask you two. What do you want to know? Go ahead. Ask me anything. Really, anything? Yes. Whether it be about the farm or about the headquarters... Then... Show us that thing. The tool that receives the signal from our tracking devices. Sure. Here. See? Doesn't it look simple? It only shows the current location but can't specify who it is. So you knew about the tracking devices? Yes. Mom showed us once. But I don't know where it is or how to break it. Sister, do you know? Yes. They're located in your ear. The left ear. Around here. I don't know how to break them. But if it breaks, it sends out a signal. To that thing, and also to headquarters. You'd have to take it out. Or cut it off. But there are no decent blades in the House. There's a scalpel. For medical use. Once we're outside, there's no medicine. When we escape, I don't want to take risks with blood loss or infections. The infirmary is equipped with medicine and tools. Anesthesia, too. Well, I think there's enough for five kids. I'll also teach you how to use them, and I'll lend you the key to get to it. That's settled. Okay, what else? Sister, how old are you right now? Were you livestock ever since you were born? How rude to ask a grown woman her age... Is what I'd like to say. I'm 26. Born and raised at Grace Field. Just not here at Plant Three. Plant Three? By the way, Isabella is 31. That's what I saw in the records. And the outside? You've seen it, right? I haven't. Oh, did you think I would say yes, even if it was a lie? I haven't. But there are humans outside. Your food is made by the higher-ups and us adults. But there are humans from the outside who bring your clothes and other supplies. I saw them at the headquarters once. Those humans have equal standing with them. There are humans outside who haven't been eaten. You need to get mixed in with them. Then you don't know how long the demons have been around? Demons? Oh, you're talking about them. Or do you know how the world came to be this way? I don't know that. Where is this House located? I don't know. What about the security of this area? I know about that. There isn't much of it. They rely on the tracking devices, so they don't have many guards posted. I'm sure they don't even patrol. Thank you. You're done? Yes. Good night. So you already knew the location of the tracking devices and how to break them? I'm impressed. I see. I understand a lot now. It's not just words that provide information. Humans give away a lot of information just by standing there. Attitude. Gaze. Blinking. Sweat. Gestures. Pupils. Pulse. All of these are hints to find out what you're really thinking. And yet for you two, even though I said the tracking device was in your ear, you didn't touch them to check. The arrangements to get them out were made, but you didn't look happy at all. So, why did you ask about the tracking devices when it wasn't necessary? Is there something you want to hide from me? Are you keeping a secret? That's fine. Do you know about Him? You don't know, right? Do you want to know? I'll tell you the next time you come here. Come back anytime. Let's talk much more than we did today. Mom. I see. There's really nothing shown at first. So your last reward is a camera, huh? I was interested in the phenomenon of photographs. I've only seen photographs and cameras in books. If I were to get greedy, I would have wanted to develop them myself. Amazing. It really looks like you cut out a moment in time. Regarding that matter, is it okay if it's after lunch? Yes, that's fine. Well, then. I think it's about time. Let's go over the plan. When we start free time after lunch, I'll distract Mom. Norman and Emma will climb the wall to inspect the vicinity. Don and Gilda, stay outside where you can see the south window on the house's second floor. Just in case I fail to distract Mom, I'll signal you. Let Emma and Norman know to cancel the inspection immediately. We have six days until the escape, but at least until January, we have two and a half months until it's time for me to be shipped out. So if something happens, immediately cancel the inspection. Everything needs to be done secretly. We need to pretend to be controllable. Don! Play with us! Gilda, you too! All right! Ready for some tag? Ray, can we talk? Sister found out that we can break the tracking devices? So I want to move up the escape day. When can you break the tracking devices? What was that? With this, I have all the necessary parts. I can break them anytime now. You weirdos. Shut up! This is really a double-edged sword. Will we break the tracking devices and escape first? Or will Sister find this evidence first and turn us in before that? Don't worry. I've taken care of it. Say, I wonder why they pretended not to know? They knew the location and how to break the tracking devices. How did they find out in the first place? Rather, how will they break it? Will they use a special tool? Could they have made such a thing? Then would that happen to be the reliable evidence I need? Is that why they were scared and lied? If so, then it's time for a search. Can you put out the plates? - I'm so hungry. - Thanks! Now's my chance! What are you doing? I'm cleaning the floors. - Did you get the forks? - Can you help me here, too? Okay. Found it. It's true. This really is the truth. I got it unexpectedly! Isabella's second weakness! So how should I go about this? If I show this note and appeal to Grandma, I wonder if I can oust Isabella and obtain the Mom's position? Then I can ship out the brats unconditionally, too. But how... how does Ray know about this? Even Isabella shouldn't know about this in the first place. It's from the headquarters. You should open it. It's unfortunate, but that's how it is. Goodbye. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 