The Promised Neverland: Season 2, Episode 6 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 The Promised Neverland 
 s2e6 - Episode #2.6 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 The Promised Neverland (2019–…): Season 2, Episode 6 - Episode #2.6 - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Norman... it's you. Emma... I've missed you, dearly. I'm glad you're okay. I can't believe it. You're alive, Norman... You're alive! You're really, truly Norman, right? You're not a look-alike or a ghost, right? Why? How? You were shipped out that night. I was sent to a different farm. And you... Oh, this? I left it at the house. But I was able to escape! I brought Ray out, too. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Ray! How mean. You retaliate even before saying hello. But you saw something cool, right? Yeah. Thanks to you. I'm glad I'm alive! And don't ever try to die again either, stupid Norman. Yeah, I got it, stupid Ray. No way! Nor... man? You're alive? A-Are you real? Really? 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Norman! --I'm so glad! --You're alive! But why? You've all gotten bigger. Fifteen of you? We left Phil and the others at the House. But we're gonna go back for them. What about the coordinates in the pen? There was a shelter, right? We were discovered by the ones from the farm. Everyone barely got out of there safely. I see. Norman, where were you all this time? I was at Lambda 7214. A testing site for children. Lambda? Testing? That night, Mom took me to the gate. There, I was handed over to the researchers from Lambda. The farm demons and adults executed repeated drugging and experiments on the children. In order to efficiently mass-produce more diverse high-grade meat. During that process, individuals started to show unexpected abnormal development and irregular growth in muscle, nervous system and senses, one after another. That's why a human was able to kill a demon like that. Yes... They were experimented on at Lambda. Then, you were experimented on, too? I only took tests, so I'm fine. How did you get out of there? With the help of a supporter of Minerva, I destroyed Lambda and escaped with the other children. A supporter? He called himself Smee. He was the one who gave Sister Krone the pen. Although, he was also killed. So, it wasn't just Mr. Minerva. That supporter was also... But there's no need to worry anymore. Using the experiment data from Lambda, I created a drug that will cause the demons to degenerate. Degenerate? Did you guys ever wonder... Why demons eat humans? Why? Because they can't maintain. Huh? Maintain what? Demons take on different forms, appearances and abilities based on what they eat. By continuing to eat humans, the demons could maintain their current form and intellect. That's why our brains... Exactly. That was why they made us take tests, to develop our brains. Then, if they don't eat humans... All the demons would look like the wild ones? They would still be dangerous, won't they? No, we'd fare better than going against a smarter demon. And if the demons lose their intelligence, they will start attacking each other. I'm increasing production of the drug, but even with what I have on hand right now, I can degenerate all the demons living in this town. If everything goes according to my plan. Once they come in contact with this drug, they will never be able to regain intelligence. When that happens, they won't just attack each other. They won't be able to run the farms either. I thought for a long time inside the Lambda cage. When we learned the truth of the House, you said this, Emma. "If there's no place for humans, let's make one outside. Let's change the world. That's the kind of escape we're going for." I want to make that place, too. A future where my family, friends, and all the children could live happily. This time for real, I want to live with Emma, Ray, and everyone else. That's why I thought of what was the best method to obtain it. This is my answer. We'll make the demons extinct. There will be no more Neverland. Let's establish a paradise for all of us in this demon world. We can go and get Phil and the others! We won't have to live in fear of demons anymore. I'm so glad. This way, you won't have to carry such a huge burden, Emma. Let's make it together. A world where we won't lose anyone. Isn't this great, Emma? It really is! Yeah. I'm glad. I'm really happy! We just don't have much time. Grace Field and Lambda are frantically searching for us. They've even come this far to investigate. Seriously? Then this hideout could soon be... That's why I want to execute this plan as soon as possible. You can? Yeah. If I give the word, even as early as tomorrow. Tomorrow? Really? To begin with, I want to degenerate all the demons in this town. Once we test the effect of the drug here, we'll attack all the other cities at once to annihilate the demons. Not only will we save Phil and the others, we'll free all of the farms. We don't live only to get eaten anymore. We're going to win freedom and safety! Wow. We weren't able to do anything. Now we can move forward, thanks to Norman. Everyone, it must have been tough for you here. Once the mission is complete, let's move to the base left for us by Smee. There's food, beds, and even a bath. Really? Wow! Just like at the shelter! Norman, thank you! We can really rest now. I'm happy for all of you. I'm heading back, but I wrote down where I'll be. Okay. I still can't believe that Norman was alive. I thought I would never see him again. It's great. Is it really, though? About Norman's plan... You actually don't want that, right? What are you saying? Of course I want it. If there are no demons, we don't have to run or hide anymore. But that's not the future you want, is it? Something's wrong with me. I don't want to kill the demons. I know it's weird. Everyone would be happy. They weren't just thinking about themselves. They were happy because they care for me. And yet... I hate myself for that. I don't want to be eaten. I don't want them to be eaten. I don't want anyone to get shipped or hunted. They're our enemy, but I... I realized when we came here. Demons also have names. They think. They have precious family. Is it okay just because they're our enemy? Isn't there an option besides annihilation? Also, Mujika is our friend! So, that's how you really feel. Why not say so earlier? I can't say this. I want a path where we don't fight. But everyone wants a future to annihilate the demons. And it's going to be the same result. If the demons can't retain their form unless they keep eating humans, even if we escape to the human world, that will make them go extinct. I want a different way, but there isn't one. What do I do, Ray? I don't know either. We can't do anything, and there's no room for argument. Norman is right. Yeah, nothing can be done. Wait, I don't get it. Then why did you ask how I felt? --Don't you have a solution? --Nope. --Any advice or something? --Nope. Then you didn't have to expose them! Don't dig up my buried feelings, you jerk! But they came out so easily. Your buried feelings. They came out immediately. If you're going to bury your feelings, then take them to your grave, no matter what. But you can't give up, right? You won't be able to hold them in, and they'll multiply and explode in the end. And in your case, they'll likely come out at the worst possible time, and you'll interfere in the most troublesome way. When that happens, you and everyone else will be in danger. It'll cause huge problems for Norman and be a hassle for me. If you're not convinced, you should confront him directly. Especially since this is a crucial decision, and you'll regret it if you let it go. Yeah. I'm okay with the eradication, but you're not. So think again, from the beginning. What do you want to do, Emma? I don't want annihilation. I want to find a way without conflict. But I can't decide just based on what I want. So I don't know what the right thing to do is. Then let's take that and go talk to Norman. Eh? To Norman? But I'm still wavering! It's because you're wavering. Like I said, it'll be too late when it explodes. And it's not just anyone, it's Norman. He's always been a special person to us. Yeah. And for us, there's also them on our mind. Sonju and Mujika. Right. The two of them haven't eaten humans. But they were in human form and intelligent. It's possible they were lying. If not, Sonju and Mujika can maintain a human form and intelligence without eating humans. They could be exceptions. If all demons were like Mujika, there may be a way for humans and demons to coexist. Do you think Norman knows? I wonder. But if he doesn't, that would be bad. Think about it. Would Norman's drug work on these exceptions? If Norman knows about them, we could ask why such exceptions exist. Depending on the circumstances, we might get a clue. On how humans and demons can coexist. Ray! But we have to talk to him before setting his plan in motion. Honestly, I think coexisting with demons is impossible. When seeing humans, they come at you in a frenzy. That's what demons are. But we owe Sonju and Mujika. Choose what you want to do, and I'll support you. No matter what you choose, you'll be okay. You can do the impossible. That's your specialty, right? Let's create a future we won't regret. Okay! Thanks, Ray! My head feels clearer now. You're too easy! Oh? You two are Boss's... ...his friends from Grace Shield! Field. I'm Ray. I'm Emma. Thank you for saving us yesterday. Ah, that was Zazie who killed the demons. He's with Boss now, they're... Boss will be back soon. You should wait inside. I'm Cislo. That's Barbara. And the smart one here is Vincent. Hello. Um, by "Boss" you mean Norman, right? Who else would it be? It's just so different from how he is. What? Wasn't he like that from the start? You're his siblings and grew up with him, right? What was he like? This person you call "Norman." Um, Norman is kind, smart, and always has a warm smile. --Warm? --Smile? He's completely different! What? He's that different? Then what is Norman like now? Serious. Winter. --Emperor. --Emperor? So, got any more stories? Like embarrassing stuff from when he was a kid. Like how he used to wet his bed? He was weak, so he used to be in the infirmary a lot. That's a bit strange. Ever since saving us at Lambda, he's been like this perfect genius. But yeah, you're right. Boss is kind. Because you know, if he didn't save us, we would have died there! True, and it's not just Lambda. He saved the children from the mass-production farms and hid them in a safe place. Really? Making it look like demons stole them, of course. He's sacrificing his sleep and dedicating himself to the cause. I can't wait. I want to kill all of them. Every time I kill a demon, it feels so good. Yeah, me too. My anger melts away when I kill them and eat their meat. Huh? Then could that meat be... That's right, it's meat from a demon we killed. It pisses me off that they're the only ones that eat us. My mind and body still remember everything they did to me at Lambda. Every single day was like hell. Hell isn't a strong enough word. Many children died or were killed. We were treated worse than objects. Just killing them isn't enough. All enemies are the same. Every one of them should suffer what we went through. What's that look? You don't look happy. You were raised as food, but you're not thinking that you don't want to kill the demons, do you? Hey, why did you come to see Boss? It better not be some disgusting talk about changing his plan! Hey, knock it off, Barbara. Demons are monsters that must be exterminated! I said stop, Barbara. I apologize. But Cislo and I feel the same way. Demons should be eradicated. Even as we sit here, our siblings back at the House are being shipped out. We have to destroy the farms and rescue them as soon as possible. You both have family you wish to save from the House, right? Eradication is the most certain way. Vincent, Cislo, about the experiment... Emma. Ray. Norman, I want to... Sorry, can you wait a bit? I'll be back soon. Are you okay? Yeah. This isn't a meal... It's revenge. But their objective isn't just to get back at them, right? Their main goal is wanting to help their family, right? We hate what the demons did. They're scary, but it doesn't give us reason to... It's wrong. It's wrong! Yeah, but the suffering they endured is unmistakeable. We can't tell them to not hate the demons. Hatred can't stop once it's begun. And it's a chain of hatred that you can't do anything about. That's probably what war is. Then more the reason to... Thanks for waiting. So, what's up? Norman, I want to talk to you. We wanted to know more details about your plan. We'll also give you information we have. Very well. Is that the drug? Yeah, it is. But Norman, do you think that drug will work on all demons? What do you mean? There are demons that won't denegerate even if they don't eat humans. So that drug might not have an effect on them. --And also... --How do you two know about that? Where did you hear about that? We met them. Met them? Was it a demon who looked like a girl? Norman? No way. The Evil-Blooded Girl is still alive? OpenSubtitles recommends using Nord VPN from 3.49 USD/month ----> osdb.link/vpn  
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 