Fame: Season 1, Episode 5 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Fame 
 s1e5 - To Soar and Never Falter - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Fame (1982–1987): Season 1, Episode 5 - To Soar and Never Falter - full transcript 
 Bruno is in love with a dance major named Kathy Murphy. When he is to write a piece of music for her, she performs for him and gets injured. It turns out that she has Multiple Sclerosis. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Make wisecracks, but dancing comes first. ♪♪ [Upbeat] You know I'm a flake and a jerk. - Don't you wanna develop some versatility? - No. Mr. Martelli, men sweat, women perspire. Dancers glow. Miss Murphy, you're glowing a lot. - Kathy Murphy. - What? She's gonna have to leave the school. ♪♪ [Disco] ♪ Fame ♪ ♪ I'm gonna live forever ♪ ♪ I'm gonna learn how to fly ♪ ♪ High ♪ 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 ♪ I feel it comin' together ♪ ♪ People will see me and cry ♪ ♪ Fame ♪ ♪ I'm gonna make it to heaven ♪ ♪ Light up the sky like a flame ♪ ♪ Fame ♪ ♪ I'm gonna live forever ♪ ♪ Baby, remember my name ♪ ♪ Remember, remember ♪ ♪ Remember, remember ♪ You got big dreams. You want fame. Well, fame costs, and right here is where you start paying in sweat. ♪ Fame ♪ ♪ I'm gonna live forever ♪ ♪ Baby, remember my name ♪ ♪ Remember, remember ♪ ♪ Remember, remember ♪ 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 ♪ Fame ♪♪ ♪♪ [Piano, Congas: Upbeat] [Lydia] And boogie! And boogie! Turn! Hah, hah, hah! [Exclaims] Hah! Step, step, step! One, two, three and four! Yes! Come on! Rock! Hey! One and two! And three! Five, six, seven, eight! Four, five, six, seven, eight! And one, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight! And one, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight! And one and two, three and four and five, six, seven eight! Again! Hah, hah! Hey! And six, seven, eight! And one, two, three, four, five, six, seven! Hold! Okay, that's pretty good. Pretty good. [Kids Panting, Exclaiming] Take a couple minutes, catch your breath, and then we'll go again. Miss Grant, I don't think I can do this again. I truly don't. [Kids Laughing] Leroy, don't come in here... littering up this nice, clean dance floor with that kind of garbage. I'm serious. It's hard to do this kinda dancin'... - when the tempo keeps changin' all the time. - [Kids Laughing] Okay, okay. Let's ease up off of Mr. Martelli. I think you're doing a fine job. Besides, until Mr. Tillman gets over the flu, that poor child is all we've got. How about it, Martelli? What's your impression of your first dance class? I think it's nice that society provides facilities like this for these kind of people. [All Laughing] Get outta here. All right. That's enough. Back up on your feet. Let's go again. [Kids Grumbling, Chattering] [Chattering Continues] Kathy. Could you stick around after class? I'd like to speak to you. Martelli, why don't you stick around too? All right, class! Come on. Let's go. [Stick Rapping] Time is money, and y'all don't have much. [Kids Exclaiming] All right, let's go. Five, six, seven, eight! And one... Amatullo, I've been telling you no for the past 10 minutes. When are you going to start hearing it? Mr. Crandall, it's for your own good. I'm trying to stop you from making a big mistake. Your concern breaks my heart. But I'm right. I really am. Ask Miss Sherwood. Leave me out of this, Danny, whatever it is. Mr. Crandall just doesn't know me as well as you do. - You know I'm a flake and a jerk, right? - I know no such thing. - I'm always clowning and making jokes, aren't I? - Yes, but... But that's the same thing. And-And Crandall... Mr. Crandall... has put me in this really serious love scene with Julie Miller, and it's just something I-I can't do. Help. Danny, don't you wanna develop some versatility? No. Amatullo, this is not a debating team. You have been given an assignment, you and Julie Miller. I expect to see the scene on its feet next week. Curtain, applause. Get outta here. Okay. Fine. Try and do a guy a favor and tell him he's makin' a big mistake. But does he listen? No way. I tried. It's not my fault if the man won't listen. [Door Opens, Closes] What do you suppose the hang-up is? It's a love scene. Hugging, kissing... all that good stuff. He probably feels a little awkward about it. Greg, the concept of "sweet 16 and never been kissed"... - Prehistoric of me. - Mm-hmm. I beg your pardon. Oh, I can't believe it! I simply can't believe it! Calm down, child. It's just a tryout. There's nothing guaranteed about it. Oh, I know, but this is not just a dance troupe. This is the Rand Tyler Dance Troupe. They're the best! Just the best! What's the matter with you? Nothing. I... I just don't know what we're talking about... or what I'm doing here. Neither do I. What is he doing here? Well, Martelli, there isn't a young dancer who wouldn't kill... to be picked to tour with the Tyler troupe. The people on the audition board have heard every classical piece, every semiclassical piece, even every possible variation on "You Light Up My Life." - So? - So... how would you like to compose an original number... for Kathy to use when she tries out? It's a little thing, but any edge we can get when the competition is this tough... Would you? I'm not sure what kind of music you'll be wanting. Uh, I've never done any dance stuff before. But I'll give it a shot if you want me to. Oh, I want! Believe it! Um, listen, we'll talk in the cafeteria... and figure out how to put this all together, okay? Okay. Whatever you say. Great. Thank you. - All right, baby. - Bye. See ya. [Footsteps Departing] [Clicks Tongue] Bruno. Why was it that you gave Kathy a look... that went from her toes all the way to the top of her head? Why do you think you looked at her like that? Can I refuse to answer that question? [Chuckling] Honey, you just did answer. Mmm. [All] ♪ Don't stop You'd better not ♪ ♪ Don't stop, you'd better not Don't stop, you'd better not ♪ ♪ Don't stop, you'd better not Don't stop, you'd better not ♪ ♪ Don't stop, you'd better not Don't stop, you'd better not ♪ ♪ Don't stop, you'd better not Don't stop, you'd better not ♪ ♪ Don't stop, you'd better not Don't stop, you'd better not ♪ ♪ Don't stop, you'd better not Don't stop, you'd better not ♪ ♪ Don't stop You'd better not ♪♪ [All Cheering] There's room down there. We can talk. [Mouthing Word] [Chattering] ♪♪ [Piano: Noodling] [Chattering] Yeah. [Sighs] Now, I've gotta warn you about something. I'm not any kind of miracle worker when it comes to dance stuff. I know. That's why I think we should tell Miss Grant... that it's not gonna work out with you and me. Shortest job I ever had. Why wouldn't it work out? Well, after I left class, I started thinking about you not even knowing... who the Rand Tyler Dance Troupe is, and... I think that anyone who doesn't know that kind of stuff... Which is really basic... couldn't help me with an original number. You like music? Of course. I love music. Then tell me who Paul Della Robbia is. I don't know. Only arranger and composer to work for Stan Kenton and Duke Ellington. Only white composer-arranger to work for both Basie and Ellington. Leonard Bernstein commissioned Della Robbia... to compose an original jazz mass and requiem... which was performed with rave reviews at the Kennedy Center in 1964. Ray Brown said that Paul Della Robbia... is the best white jazz bass player he's ever heard. Now, I can say that you not knowing anything about Della Robbia... means that you don't really love music. Would that be fair? [Chuckles] No. I guess it wouldn't. It certainly wouldn't... even if any of what I just said was true. See you tomorrow. Oh, Miss Sherwood. Do you have a minute to talk? Sure. What can I do for you? Um, we can walk. I'm heading home too. What's the problem? I'm not sure what... I guess you'd call it protocol. Fire when ready. Okay. When I'm in music class and Shorofsky assigns me something... But I don't think I'm ready for it... I can ask him for another choice. And he'll give it to me... usually. Are you asking me to change one of your assignments? Oh, no. Look, actually, I was wondering what you think Mr. Crandall might say... if I asked him to change one of my assignments. What kind of assignment are we talking about here? Oh, it's an acting sort of a thing. But the thing of it is, even if Crandall does agree to the change, I might be hurting somebody else's feelings. I tell you what. Why don't I talk to Mr. Crandall... Informally, of course... and see if I can find out how he feels about this kind of thing. Thanks a lot. Really. [Sighs] Sometimes you just seem to understand more than the other teachers. [Exhales] It's a gift. Something like that, you know? And then you have to look for places where I can breathe. Well, let's see. That rules out Los Angeles, but I'm told Aspen is nice. Bruno, dancing is supposed to look effortless, but it's not. And if you go with a tempo that's nonstop... and a melody line that just builds and builds and builds, I'm gonna end up sounding like a steam engine. It's a weird way to write music. Why can't I just write something, and then you put whatever steps that go with it? You're missing the point. I'm not dancing to your music. You are composing to the needs of my routine. If this is what it's gonna be like working with you, I would just as soon put on a cassette of The Nutcracker. That's very appropriate. You can make all the wisecracks you want... I doubt that. But the dancing comes first. Fine, but remember that no one ever left a concert hall humming a jump. [Scoffs] Humming a what? Jump. Or whatever dancers call them. - The term is a jeté. - I knew that. I was just testing you. You know what our problem is? We are too much alike. To you, nothing can be more important than the music. And I feel the same way about dancing. Now, how do we work this out? By that... by-by working it out. Why don't you show me how you wanna start, and I'll see if it doesn't trigger something. Hey, Bruno. Oh, Pop. Where you been? I been waitin' out front for 15 minutes. I'm sorry. I forgot about the time. I'm Angelo Martelli. I'm his father. Hi. He's got bad manners. It's a reflection on me actually. - Seeing you, I can't blame him for losing track of time. - I'm Kathy Murphy. What are you doing in here? This is a dance room, right? Kathy has an audition coming up, and I was supposed to help out with some original music. - We were just starting when you came in. - Can I watch? I never saw something like that. I won't say a word. Aren't you afraid you're gonna get a ticket? I already got a ticket. I might as well get my money's worth out of it. [Laughing] Listen, I swear. I won't say a word. I'll just watch. You two go right ahead. Don't mind me at all. Have a seat. [Exhales] Okay. Now, if the routine is gonna have a build to it, I think it should start out real... real simple, you know? Like this. And then when they think it's gonna be all lace, la-di-da... - [Groaning] - Lie still. Don't move. Oh, it hurts! It really hurts! I think I tore something inside. We'll get her to Lang Memorial in the back of the cab. Give me a hand. [Moaning] Careful. - How long ago did this happen? - Ten, 15 minutes ago. Okay. On a scale of one to 10, how much does this hurt? [Wincing] Five, five and a half. Well, something's screwed up in there. Let's get you down to X-ray and see what it is. Can you tell how bad it is? That's what the X-rays are for. I'll get 'em movin' on it. Who's your family physician? Dr. Langtree. East 76th Street. Okay. You relax if you can. Won't be long. Should I call your parents? No. I don't wanna be alone. After the X-rays are taken. Maybe then, okay? - They'll wanna know. - I know. But there's no point in calling them till we know how bad it is. It's not like I'm dying or anything. [Crying] It's-It's just that I might miss that audition. There'll be others. Right. There'll be others. You bet. Kathy. I've seen basketball players go down with knee injuries. The pain is incredible. I'm not tryin' to say that you're not hurting or anything. It's just that... Doesn't seem to be the same thing. Is that your expert opinion, Dr. Martelli? I'm not trying to be an expert. I just wanted to... I'm sorry. It's... It's just that it really hurts. And... [Sniffles] I'm not really taking this like a champ or anything. So just bear with me? Be a friend. What else are composers for? You got good hands. Piano player or wide receiver... I couldn't decide. [Laughs] [Woman Chattering] She's still up in X-ray. - That's what did it. - What? I betcha I spilled a little bit of coffee on the dance floor. That's what her foot hit when she came down. I betcha that's what it was. Yeah. Or maybe she just fell. No. Coffee. Is there somethin' about bein' a parent that automatically... makes a person feel responsible for everything that happens, good or bad? Yeah, there is. They're workin' on a vaccine though. If there's any ligament damage or any tear, it doesn't show up here. There's some swelling, but not a big deal. We'll take a look in there in the morning to make sure. - You're talking about an operation? - Barely qualifies for the term. The procedure's called an arthroscopy. We make an incision about half an inch long, look around inside the knee with a small fiber-optic device, close it with a simple bandage. - Takes 20 minutes. - I'm gonna hold you to that. I'll deliver. I'll see you in the morning. Everything's under control here. We'll be leaving too. Mr. Martelli, I... I can't thank you enough for all your help... you and your son. It's the least we could've done. You be good now, huh, Kathy? You do what they tell you. Bruno. Yeah? - Don't stop writing, okay? - Okay. [Chuckles] Mom, I just fell. It happens to other dancers all the time. If you say so. You don't believe me. Baby. I just think we've made a mistake. That's all. I wonder if we shouldn't... rethink our decision. No, we should not. Kathy. Mom, it's my life, and we shouldn't rethink anything. You could at least sit them down and talk it over. No. Does it occur to you you're being bullheaded? It occurs to me that I do not comment on how you run your English class. That's what occurs to me. All right. Maybe I'm out of line. But Danny and Julie are both asking for help. I... They are not asking for help. They are asking out. Now, when they come to me and explain the problem, then we'll see. Until then, you are dealing with Simon Legree. Mr. Legree? "Kathy" is spelled with a "K." You get an "A" in spelling. Room for one more? Soon as I'm finished. How is she? Strained ligaments, they say. Nothing torn. - And the upcoming audition? - Lydia's asked them to postpone. Three weeks or so. If they do, she can still try out. - If not? - Then I suppose Leroy comes in off the bench. In the meantime, you will help Mr. Crandall with his problem? The only thing wrong with Gregory... is that he is occasionally insensitive to the obvious. - What's so obvious? - That Julie's serious about the cello, that Danny wants to be a comic, and that they're both scared to death when it comes to a heavyweight acting audition. Miss Sherwood, I wouldn't dream of interfering... into your meddling with Mr. Crandall's class. But there's something even a little more obvious. What? I'll show you. You'll be Julie. I'll be Danny. You make a perfect Julie Miller. And I... I am now a very good Danny Amatullo. Wouldn't your love scene be interesting though? [Laughing] ♪♪ [Noodling] Hey. Hey, no resting up there. Come on back down. I'm not resting. How many is that? Who's counting? You're supposed to be. Twenty-three when you get to the top this time. Okay, 25, and I'll call it quits. Thirty, and you'll call it quits. Okay. ♪♪ [Resumes] Pretty sound. What's it called? Nothin' yet. What are you doing here so early? Just thought I'd come in and get some extra rehearsal time. Same question for you. What you doin' here this time of mornin'? Oh. Good mornin'. Hi. How's the knee? Oh, not great. But it's getting better every day. That's good. You heard anything about the tryout? - Not yet. Have you? - No. Well, I gotta get goin'. I got a lot of stuff to do. See you guys later. Take care. You'd better get back at it. You don't wanna cool off while you're all sweaty. Mr. Martelli, men sweat, women perspire, dancers glow. Miss Murphy, you're glowing a lot. ♪♪ ["Dance of the Sugar Plum Fairy"] ♪♪ [Ends] Good girl, Rhonda. Good girl! All right. All right, y'all, hit the showers. Come on. [Kids Chattering] Miss Grant? Yes? Marvin Rutledge, Franconia Insurance Group. We're the carrier for the school's health-and-accident policy. Am I supposed to know why you're here? Oh, I have some forms that you must sign... regarding the accident the Murphy girl had, you being the dance teacher. And I'm supposed to make sure there was no negligence on the school's part... - for keeping the flooring safe. - Mr. Rutledge. Which, obviously, there isn't. The flooring looks fine to me. Now, this will authorize payment to the hospital... for the emergency room care, the overnight stay and so forth. If you'll just sign where I've marked the X's. Was the Murphy girl a good dancer? The Murphy girl is a good dancer. Stretched ligaments don't end careers, Mr. Rutledge. But multiple sclerosis does. Please? It was in the information her family physician sent over to the emergency hospital. Kathy was diagnosed a year ago as being in the initial stages of M.S. It might take five or six years for the symptoms to really surface, but... that girl is never going to be a dancer, Miss Grant. No way. [Doorbell Rings] Who is it, please? It's me, Elizabeth. Lydia. Hi. They've agreed to postpone the tryouts. That's wonderful. Elizabeth, would you happen to have a glass of wine or something like that? Are you... You got it. Crandall isn't gonna let either one of them off the hook... until they come clean about what the problem is. That's not gonna happen. They're both too hung-up about it to level with him. So one is short, and one's tall. That never stopped Napoléon and Josephine. Yeah, but look at the mood it put Napoléon in. One's not gonna grow, and one's not gonna shrink. So they might as well deal with it. Easy to find a solution when you don't have the problem. They oughta just play the scene as well as they can and stop feeling sorry for themselves. - Thank you, General Patton. - Well, it's true. We all have our problems. No one gets everything. We all have some kind of handicap or something. The thing to do is just go for it and get it over with. Then you think I should continue my efforts... to break into the National Basketball Association... in spite of the fact that I'm white. - [Chuckles] - Hey, we've all got problems and hang-ups. - What's Bruno's hang-up? - Hangs on to his music forever. - Won't play it for anyone until it's triple perfect. - I do not. The heck you don't. Has he let you hear what he's composing for you? - No, he hasn't. - Well, I'm about to. It's not what you'll be dancing to, but it is something I composed for you. And with the magic of electronic keyboards... and my string machine and my rhythm machine... See what I told you about hanging on to it? Will you play it, jerk? [Flips Switches] ♪♪ [Keyboard] ♪ 2:00 a.m. ♪ ♪ Eyes open ♪ ♪ Ticking clocks ♪ ♪ And falling rain ♪ ♪ Thoughts of you ♪ ♪ Dancing through ♪ ♪ My mind ♪ ♪ I can hear your voice ♪ ♪ If only I could ♪ ♪ Be your music ♪ ♪ You'll be my music ♪ ♪ With every song we sing ♪ ♪ Love will flow between us ♪ ♪ Be my music ♪ ♪ We'll write the music ♪ ♪ Together ♪ ♪ Forevermore ♪ ♪ I'm playin' with a simple phrase ♪ ♪ I love you ♪ ♪ Not so simple when it's true ♪ ♪ What is this ♪ ♪ Helplessness ♪ ♪ I feel when you smile at me ♪ ♪ Won't you let me ♪ ♪ Be your music ♪ ♪ You'll be my music ♪ ♪ With every song we sing ♪ ♪ Love will flow between us ♪ ♪ Be my music ♪ ♪ We'll write the music ♪ ♪ Together ♪ ♪ Forever ♪ ♪ I'll be your rainy weather friend ♪ ♪ Your night-light ♪ ♪ Your sunshine 'round the bend ♪ ♪ Your stars ♪ ♪ I'll be your music ♪ ♪ You'll be my music ♪ ♪ With every song we sing ♪ ♪ Love will flow between us ♪ ♪ Be my music ♪ ♪ We'll write the music together ♪ ♪ Forever ♪ ♪ Your rainy weather friend ♪♪ Let's, uh, you and me go upstairs and wash the dishes. There aren't any dishes. We'll make some. Move. [Door Opens, Closes] You didn't limp when you walked over here. Dope. That's 'cause my feet didn't even touch the ground. You're not gonna let her audition, are you? I certainly am. Lydia, she can't be a dancer. She can dance now, damn it, and now's all I know about. But what the future is going to be... I don't know what the future's going to be, and neither do you. All I know is that the girl can dance, and I'm not going to take that away from her. What about the things you are taking away from her? Like what? Look, I liked Rocky as well as the next person. And every time I go to see Peter Pan, I applaud forever trying to bring Tinker Bell back to life. But this isn't a story. It's real. And with the hand that girl has been dealt, it isn't fair to let her dream dreams that can't come true. Elizabeth, you know medicine. They're always coming up with some new drug, some new treatment... Lydia. You're always telling me to be tough on the kids... in order to make them do the best they can. That's good advice from you to me. It's just as good from me to you. You can't let her build a life on maybe. She's too good a kid. She's such a good dancer, Elizabeth. She's so fine. Oh... [Pulls Tissue] go ahead. Go ahead what? Cry. [Crying] Meeting of the Faculty Subcommittee on Operations now called to order... as of Wednesday the 19th, 7:30 a.m. Members of the committee present include Miss Sherwood, Miss Grant, Mr. Crandall and Mr. Shorofsky. - Where's Wyler? - His back went out. He's in traction. He's lucky. [Women Murmur] Meeting called to order. Can you tell us why this meeting had to be scheduled at this hour? - I mean, the muggers aren't even up yet. - [Both Laugh] There's one item on our agenda: Kathy Murphy. As you two obviously know... And you do not know... Kathy Murphy has multiple sclerosis. - She's gonna have to leave the school. - What? Miss Grant, I was on the phone last night for three hours... with a Mr. Rutledge from the insurance company. They will not cover us if she continues in the dance program. Without that insurance, the board will not permit us to stay open. No options. No alternatives. Then may I please ask what is the purpose of this meeting if it's all been decided? The purpose of this meeting... is to decide who tells the girl... and how we can do it with the most humanity. [Kids Chattering] ♪♪ [Piano, Muffled] Come with me. I'll read you your rights later. What? Listen, I know about the problem... you and Amatullo are having with your scene. You know what I'm talking about? Yeah. Okay. We figured out a way out... but you gotta pay me back first. Pay you back? You haven't done anything yet. Have I lied to you yet today? [Laughing] No, not today. Okay. I have study hall first period. Let's say you go into Shorofsky's class... and snitch a couple cassettes off the desk... so I don't have to listen to Leroy's Aretha Franklin rejects. And I'll return 'em to you first period. - Did you lose something, Mr. Shorofsky? - Creeping stupidity. I had the cassette with the faculty minutes on it, and who knows what I did with it? [Class Bell Rings] Sit, Miller, sit. We got work to do. [Door Opens, Closes] What's up? What's the matter? [Kids Laughing, Chattering] What do you want... Good news or money? Let me warn you first, I'm broke. I think I'll take good news. You are looking at a person with two perfect knees who's ready to go back to work, assuming, of course, my flaky composer didn't go on vacation. Your flaky composer has finished his score. When do you wanna hear it? Right after school. Oh, wait. Not right after. I have a conference with Shorofsky. What's the conference with Shorofsky about? I don't know. Wyler told me in homeroom I had to meet with Shorofsky right after sixth period. - What's the problem? - Kathy, they know. And so do I. What do you mean? They know what? And I told my mom and dad that I wanted to go as far as I could... as long as I could... until this thing I've got makes me stop. [Sighs] Maybe you'd better start thinking of a long-term view, like lowering your sights a little bit. [Exhales] Hey, I'm a butterfly, okay? You don't want butterflies worrying about what's gonna happen when winter comes. That's not what a butterfly's all about. They're about spring and summer and being pretty, not about taking long-term views. Shorofsky's gonna kick you out of school, Kathy. - No. He's gonna try, but he won't be able to. - How are you gonna stop him? Because... I won't let anybody judge me on what's going to happen. They gotta judge me on now. And right now, I belong in that dance troupe. I love you, Kathy. You know that. For now. For now, yeah, though it may last into fifth period if you play your cards right. ♪♪ [Congas: Upbeat] ♪♪ [Stops] That was truly tired. I don't know why you people are so lazy today, but you better pull up before you come back in here tomorrow. All right. Hit the door. Leroy. Can I speak to you? The Rand Tyler people want to come by Thursday night. - Are you ready for that? - I guess so. Okay. 8:00, Thursday. In here. Great. Hey! Don't you give me attitude. If you have a problem, let's hear about it. But don't you ever give me attitude. - How about a question then? - What's the question? Am I gettin' this tryout 'cause I'm the best dancer in the school? That's what I figured. You've gotta see it. Parting the Red Sea was nothing compared to this. [Mouthing Words] [Shouting, Muffled] It's a thing of beauty. They're never on the same level at the same time. Talk about creative staging. What about the kiss at the end? Saved the best part till the end. Watch what happens when he walks around the sofa. They built a ramp. [Both Laughing] Good afternoon, Miss Murphy. Is this gonna be like one of those evaluation interviews we had a couple months ago? Well, not... Because, as a music teacher, there are a couple of things you might not know about me that you really oughta know. Actually, Miss... You see, dancing is the most important thing in my life. There's not even a close second. I guess musicians must have that, too, in a way. Like when a chord or a note is hit, and you never want it to end. Well, there are times when I'm dancing... and I leave the ground, and I feel like I'm never coming down... Like I could just go on and on, soaring. Well, that never happens, of course. But that doesn't mean that I give up trying. Because I won't, not ever. Mr. Shorofsky, what's wrong? Nothing is wrong. I'm simply heading for a bar on 14th Street that knows how to serve schnapps. - Then everything will be fine. - Oh. You had your meeting with Kathy Murphy. And I helped her change her major. You what? She's now a temporary music major, Miss Sherwood. And if she wants to stop into a dance class from time to time, who am I to stop her? A music major? - But... wh-what instrument? - Tambourine. At the meeting, you said... At the meeting, I said foolishness. I said rules were rules and we had to obey the rules, follow the orders regardless. A man with my background ought to know the terrible things that can be done... in the name of following orders. But you were the one giving the orders. Tuesday a nincompoop, today a mensch. I am on my way to schnapps. I'll see you tonight at the auditions. Then I reminded Danny about Edward G. Robinson, and I told Julie about Lauren Bacall. I don't know if it helped, but I think it might cut down on our budget for ramp building. [Laughing] Every little bit helps. Leroy, what happened? Are you all right? I sprained my ankle. Guess this means I can't try out, huh? Why didn't you tell us? Well, it just happened a few minutes ago. Sorry. Maybe next year. David, Edgar... We've already postponed once, Lydia. I'm afraid we're gonna have to look elsewhere. There's still some coffee in the teachers' lounge if anyone's interested. Right, yeah. Come on. [Exhales] [Chattering] There's a flag on the play. Ladies and gentlemen, if you would kindly take your seats. [Sherwood] What's going on? I have no idea. Tonight's auditioner will be Miss Kathy Murphy. Miss Murphy will be dancing to an original composition by Mr. Bruno Martelli. Thank you. Thank you. Miss Murphy's performance will be aided... by the sophomore and junior students... from Miss Lydia Grant's advanced classes. We trust that you'll enjoy tonight's presentation. ♪♪ [Soft Jazz] ♪♪ [Continues] ♪♪ [Ends] Whooo! [Cheering, Applauding] [Laughing, Chattering] [Laughing, Chattering Continue] [All Chattering] ♪ Be my music ♪ ♪ We'll write the music ♪ ♪ Together ♪ ♪ Forever ♪ ♪ Your rainy weather friend ♪♪ ♪♪ [Disco] ♪ Fame ♪ ♪ Fame ♪ ♪ Fame ♪ ♪ Remember, remember Remember, remember ♪ ♪ Remember, remember Remember, remember ♪ ♪ Fame ♪♪ [Roars] OpenSubtitles recommends using Nord VPN from 3.49 USD/month ----> osdb.link/vpn 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 