Who Killed Malcolm X?: Season 1, Episode 3 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Who Killed Malcolm X? 
 s1e3 - Black Messiah - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Who Killed Malcolm X? (2019–2020): Season 1, Episode 3 - Black Messiah - full transcript 
 Fearing a radical revolution, the authorities increase surveillance of Malcolm X amid rifts and retaliation. A boxing champion joins the Nation. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 In the 1960s, the FBI launched one of the biggest counterintelligence operations in its entire history. Black people everywhere today are fed up with the hypocrisy practiced by whites. And they kept a very close watch on brother Malcolm. And if something isn't done, then I'm afraid that you will have a racial explosion. And a racial explosion is more deadly than an atomic explosion. J. Edgar Hoover, the director of the FBI, 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 was deathly afraid of someone like Malcolm X. Malcolm was being surveilled, he was being followed, his phone was tapped. If you look at the investigation of Malcolm X, it's when he becomes a public figure for the Nation of Islam that the Bureau starts taking more of an interest into his subversive rhetoric. You seem to be dissatisfied with everything. - Just what do you want? - I'm not dissatisfied with everything. I'm just telling you that the Negroes themselves should take whatever steps necessary to defend themselves. The FBI had multiple high-ranking paid human informants 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 in the leadership of the Nation of Islam. Could it have been that FBI informants were actively involved in Malcolm's murder? Almost certainly so. Some members of the Nation of Islam became willing tools. But they were the puppets. The puppeteers were in charge of that whole situation. Those of you who think we are here to tell you to love the white man, you have come to the wrong place. And those of you who think that you perhaps came here to hear us tell you to turn the other cheek to the brutality of the white man, I say again you came to the wrong place. Malcolm was a dazzling speaker, dazzling. Practically every Saturday, I would go to 125th and 7th to hear him. I studied him seriously, because I considered him potentially a grave threat, a danger. We have a subculture in our society and it resides in the ghetto. And we are conditioning this subculture and their reaction is very predictable... I was a detective, a sergeant, and a lieutenant. We were monitoring what we thought were subversive activities, attending meetings, listening to speakers. That's really how we got involved with Malcolm. We see that they have surrounded us with many of their own agents, in uniform and out of uniform, who have spent much time here in Harlem posing as peace officers, and at the same time breaking up the peace of black people. We thought Malcolm was a very capable, talented, dangerous man. He became the most charismatic figure in the Nation of Islam. We didn't know if he was going to break the law, but he had power. The NYPD had a special unit that was actually, it was modeled after the FBI. It was called the Red Squad, but its official title was BOSSI, the Bureau of Special Services and Investigation. They were like a miniature FBI that the FBI helped to train. We would see the cops there at every demonstration and we'd see them with cameras so it didn't take us long to do some research and figure out what they were doing. Are you conducting surveillance at demonstrations? Do you believe I'd tell you that? Why shouldn't you? I mean, like, do you have anything to hide? Is there anything illegal? You with the camera! Are you with the police department? Who are you with? - Red Squad! - Red Squad? They saw certain organizations as threats, and they wanted to destroy those organizations. BOSS sees a threat as anyone who's agitating for radical change. And they saw Malcolm as a threat. Malcolm knew he was being watched. He used to say to his people, "I hope you don't mind, but you're probably being tapped. We know that the cops do that to us." I knew that Malcolm picked up phones on the second ring. So I would listen to ring one, and then perfectly time it with ring two. He had two phones and I just listened. From eight in the morning until ten o'clock at night. That was what the position was. I knew Malcolm, and he knew that I was a member of BOSSI. He knew that. He always called, "Lieutenant Bouza, how are you?" He thought that the police department was monitoring him in a very obvious way. I don't think he understood that we were tapping his wire and listening to the tapes. Did we suppress enthusiasm for civil liberties? Did we intrude into privacy? Yes. But I was all right with it because I felt that we were protecting the nation. We cooperated with the FBI. We were, uh, intimate. They had a guy who was there every day going through our files and reports and giving them to his superiors. And this is in the age of J. Edgar Hoover, of all things. Awful man, and we were his handmaidens. As long as I am director of the FBI, we will continue to maintain its high and impartial standards of investigation, despite the hostile opinions of its detractors. In reconstructing the chronology of Malcolm's life, working with the Malcolm X Project, which was founded by the late Manning Marable at Columbia University, the FBI is an important source because of how extensive their surveillance was of him. You could chronicle Malcolm's daily movements, the date, the place, the people, by going through the FBI files. The FBI first started investigating Malcolm in 1950. He was still in prison. Once he got out of prison, they kept almost daily tabs on Malcolm. Malcolm kept them busy. The growth of the Nation and the FBI surveillance of Malcolm go hand-in-hand. I mean, Hoover has a deep history of trying to subvert black radical movements and also a fear of what he later describes as "the black messiah," this fear that one singular figure is going to lead exactly what he fears, which is a revolution. I pray that God will bless you in everything that you do. I pray that you will grow intellectually, so that you can understand the problems of the world and where you fit into in that world picture. Brother Malcolm might have been that messiah who could have unified and electrified the Black Nationalist organizations. And that's what they did not want. - Thank you. The Bureau's investigation of Malcolm X really picked up in the early 1960s as he became much more of a public figure because of his influence in bringing members into the Nation of Islam. The Bureau, like much of America, was very afraid that radical revolutionary violence was on the horizon. And they were very concerned that perhaps there would be a leader to rise to focus that anger. And they took it on themselves to look for ways to try and prevent that. Remember, Malcolm is political. Elijah Muhammad is religious. And the FBI's worst fear is that Elijah Muhammad would become more political. The Nation of Islam, which already has a paramilitary structure, could then be converted into soldiers for struggle. So the FBI was determined to use counterintelligence techniques to create more distance and schisms between Malcolm and Elijah Muhammad. - Salaam-alaikum. - Walaikum-saalam. Mr. Moderator, our distinguished guests, brothers and sisters, our friends, and our enemies... He said, "If you have a fear about being... of coming under FBI surveillance, then you should not get involved with me." Everybody is here. Sometimes, they would have agents to attend meetings, but that depends on what type of gathering it is. If white people are okay to be in it, then you can expect to see an agent, but if it's not, then they have informants, and you must make a distinction between an informant and an agent. How old were you at the time when you were assigned Malcolm X? I would imagine I was 27, 28. There's a thousand agents in New York City. And then there was this one little squad run by a fella named Ruckle that did black extremists. So, I ended up on his squad. We called ourselves the "Ruckle's Raiders," you know? So I spent every day working Malcolm X. We ran spot surveillances, developed informants. We didn't have any black agents, so you had to go out and you had to develop informants. These were just black people we picked up on the street. We were all the time looking for somebody that you thought you could use. And not only us, the Bureau of Special Service of the New York City Police Department, they had their informants. So we would exchange information. I would meet them. Never in Harlem. I would search out places. Underground garages, movie theaters. I liked the movie theaters. Movie theaters were dark. I'd go in. The informant knew I'd go down the left aisle, half-way down, take the second seat in. He'd come and sit beside me. We'd exchange information. Then he'd leave. I'd stay and watch the movie.  There are documents in the FBI file that clearly establish FBI agents were tracking Elijah Muhammad, the Nation of Islam, and Malcolm X, and they knew all the secrets. The question is, what did they do with the information? - Hey, there. Great to see you! - Good to see you, Dave. Dave Garrow is an expert on the FBI's involvement in disrupting black groups during the '60s and the '70s. Come in and sit down. He and I check in occasionally about the Malcolm X case. I think many people would imagine that the most wiretapped person by Hoover's FBI was Martin Luther King, Jr. Well, no. The person who was most electronically surveilled by Hoover's FBI was Elijah Muhammad. The FBI was listening to Elijah Muhammad and his top aides 24 hours a day. So, this speaks very explicitly to how important Hoover's FBI thought the Nation of Islam was. Bless me... The FBI may very well may not have understood everything of what they were hearing, but those electronic surveillance logs may be evidence towards identifying who the conspirators behind Malcolm's murder were. Now, these 1962 documents where the Bureau is aiming to publicly embarrass Elijah Muhammad, you know, that's a classic Bureau tactic. You should have a look at this. "Bureau continues to receive information through investigation conducted by Chicago and Phoenix that Elijah Muhammad is engaging in extramarital activities with at least five female members of the Nation of Islam. This information indicates Muhammad has fathered some children by these women... These paradoxes in the character of Elijah Muhammed make him extremely vulnerable to criticism by his followers." So, they're trying to find a way to damage his reputation and damage his image with his own followers. Right. As I can show you here, this is a great example of how the Bureau used counterintelligence tactics, or COINTELPRO, to embarrass Elijah. This is coming out of the Internal Security Section at FBI headquarters. "Chicago is authorized to prepare and mail an anonymous letter to Clara Muhammad. These letters should be mailed at staggered intervals, using care to prevent any possibility of tracing the mailing back to the FBI." So these are the kind of tactics the FBI was using? - Yes. - These poison pen letters. Yes. COINTELPRO was the FBI's nickname for dirty tricks. The tactics of COINTELPRO were meant to disrupt the ability of groups to focus and to coordinate activities. They're trying to use information that the Bureau had gathered over the years to disrupt some of these more radical groups that they thought were threats. What is the significance of the Western Union telegram from J. Edgar Hoover that reads, "Enough of this black violence"? Then there's another quote, "Do something about Malcolm X." What would the director be asking for? There is obviously an issue which he's concerned with, the violence. Could that be interpreted as something more nefarious? Is it possible? - As far as the activity-- - I mean, "Do something." Well, the range of things we've seen the Bureau do from sending anonymous letters, sending material to the press to try and create rifts within the group... So more nefarious seems to be going a little far. On the other hand, these were all activities well outside of anything the Bureau should have been doing. Obviously, the kind of investigation that was begun on Malcolm X would not have cut mustard today. When men will seek to destroy the church of God... Mmm-hmm. ...they have degenerated to a tragic level... - Hmm! - Of inhumanity and sin. The goal of Dr. Martin Luther King is to get Negroes to forgive the people who have brutalized them for 400 years by... by lulling them to sleep and making them forget what those whites have done to them. The civil rights movement was just getting cranked up, but laying down and letting people spit on you, and beat you, and hoses on you, and you just be there, and nonviolent, it didn't appeal to Malcolm. He wanted something that had a little more bite to it. As long as the dogs were biting Negro women, Negro babies, and Negro children, Kennedy said nothing. It was only after the Negroes began to strike back... You see, the Nation of Islam had a position where they didn't get involved in politics. And totally opposed, you know, to the general activities, in terms of civic affairs. The way things were going in the '60s, Malcolm could not abide by that apolitical philosophy. He said some very, very harsh things against the civil rights leaders. Martin Luther King is just a 20th century, or modern, Uncle Tom who is doing the same thing today to keep Negroes defenseless in the face of attack that Uncle Tom did on the plantation to keep those Negroes defenseless. For years, Malcolm was beating up on King. That's what you mean by nonviolent. Be defenseless. ♪ Marching out the freedom band! ♪ He said, "It's time to stop singing, and start swinging." It was politics that really started the rift between Malcolm and the Nation. And the Ronald Stokes incident in Los Angeles changed everything. The LAPD clashed with a group of young black Muslims. One Negro was killed, and six others seriously injured. Black communities in Los Angeles had been fighting for years against police brutality. And an off-duty police officer winds up shooting Ronald Stokes while he has his arms extended in prayer. Seven Muslims were shot. None of them were armed. None of them were struggling. None of them were fighting. None of them were trying to defend themselves. Malcolm had been building up the mosque in Los Angeles since the late '50s. Ronald Stokes was the mosque's secretary. Malcolm knew Ronald Stokes from Boston. He was very close to him, and I believe it was Dr. Betty Shabazz said that that was the only time she ever saw Malcolm X cry, when Ronald Stokes was killed. You can talk about Birmingham, Alabama all you want, this happened in Los Angeles, California... Malcolm wants revenge. According to people who are close to Malcolm, he wants to organize people to go out and deal with the police who did this. We have witnesses who saw this Negro beaten by the police as he was laying on the sidewalk, dying, with a bullet already through his heart. This is Ronald Stokes, he's a Phi Beta Kappa, Korean vet. Not only did Elijah Muhammad veto retaliation against the police, he said, "Cool Malcolm down. Cool him down, man. Cool him down. I'm not about to go to war with the Los Angeles police." The Nation of Islam at this time was making an incredible amount of money through their business empire. So, for Malcolm to be up there making all these political statements, it's threatening their money, and it caused the Nation a lot of problems. We do believe in defending ourselves if we're attacked... Elijah Muhammad is against the police brutality, but doesn't want Malcolm to take this active stance. And Malcolm has to come home. Many of you thought that we should go right on out then and make war on the white man. You wanted to do it yourself, didn't you? And Malcolm was very embarrassed by that. Because after all of this rhetoric about an "eye for an eye," you guys did nothing. 'Cause you don't like the idea of white people shooting black people down, do you? And this was escalating tensions between Malcolm and the Nation. And the white man should be thankful that God has given the Honorable Elijah Muhammad the control over his followers that he has, so that they can play it cool, calm, and collected. At this stage of the game, based upon information that the Bureau received through their taps and through other sources, they began to see some ripples. They began to see that all was not well in paradise. The Honorable Elijah Muhammad said we were "honeycombed" with enemies who wanted to destroy the movement from within. Whether they were working for the FBI or working for the New York Police Department, the enemies of the Nation of Islam wanted to kill two birds with one stone. The FBI had three human informants in the Nation of Islam whom it regarded as TOPLEV informants. That TOPLEV is simply an abbreviation for "top level." At the top of the Nation of Islam, it was a very small little pyramid. So, when we have the FBI saying that they have three top-level informants, the potential pool of individuals is less than ten possible people. I went to Washington. They arranged for me to be interviewed by Hoover. He turned me down. I was turned down directly by Hoover. He said, "Not at this time." I'm on the phone with John Ali, former national secretary for the Nation of Islam under the leadership of the Honorable Elijah Muhammad. Yeah, Brother John, there's been rumors that you was a double agent working for the FBI. Did you want to comment on that? Well... I was no agent for the FBI or any other entity of the United States. They all was the same to the Messenger. He didn't... People used to tell the Messenger they heard rumors, "John Ali was a FBI" or something, but this didn't excite the Messenger or make him apprehensive. The Messenger stated clearly that everything has failed the American so-called Negro. The government, the Congress, the FBI, and the church. They all were the same to the Messenger. He didn't view one more vicious than the other. They're all pockets on the same pants. So if there was no shame in being an FBI informant, was there any truth to the rumor that you were? No. No more than saying I was a usher in a church, because they're all the same. Pockets on the same pants. Let every nation know that we shall pay any price, oppose any foe, to assure the survival and the success of liberty. And so, my fellow Americans, ask not what your country can do for you, ask what you can do for your country. It appears as though something has happened in the motorcade route. It was definitely the president's car. Apparently something is wrong here, something is terribly wrong. President John F. Kennedy died at approximately one o'clock Central Standard Time, today, here in Dallas. The Kennedy assassination was really the proverbial straw that broke the camel's back. We all was shocked at the hearing of this tragedy. Elijah Muhammad had great respect for Kennedy, and said, "This man is the country's president. This is our country. So we can't say anything disrespectful." In the months leading up to this, Malcolm has been verbally beating up John Kennedy. So everyone wants to know what Malcolm is thinking. Malcolm had made preparations to bring the Honorable Elijah Muhammad to New York for a big speech. And Kennedy, in the interim, had been assassinated. So he told Malcolm, "We'll call the meeting off." Malcolm pleaded with the Honorable Elijah Muhammad. He said, "If you'll let me continue with that meeting, I won't say anything about Kennedy." So the Honorable Elijah Muhammad told him that he could go ahead with it. But he said, "Be sure you don't say anything about the late president." He said, "He's well-loved and it would not rest well with the people." Malcolm was at his house in Queens. I was assigned to escort Malcolm, uh, to the Manhattan Center. We drove down to Manhattan Center. So Malcolm went through that whole program. Never said anything about the president. At the end, he opens the floor for questions, and a man stood up. To this day, I can see his face. And he said, "Minister Malcolm, do you care to comment on the death, the assassination of John F. Kennedy?" Malcolm dropped his head down, and thought, and it looked like that minute of silence was an hour, and then he raised his head. Malcolm X, second-in-command of the Black Muslim Movement, expressed joy at the assassination of President Kennedy at a Manhattan rally last Sunday. Malcolm said that the killing of the president was an instance of "the chickens coming home to roost." He added, and we quote, "Being an old farm boy myself, chickens coming home to roost never make me sad. They always make me glad." And the audience broke into a tremendous applause. He didn't take no more questions. He walked off the stage. And I was surprised. It shocked me. Why would he say that? And especially the Kennedys. I think, at this point, Malcolm was tired of this kind of political game Elijah Muhammad was playing. Look, all the violence that this government has brought to other parts of the world is coming home now. That's our teaching! Well, I said the same thing that everybody says, that, uh, his assassination was the result of the climate of hate, only I said, "The chickens came home to roost," which means the same thing. Because the president died, we're not going to speak the truth? But you did not say you were glad the president was killed? - No. That's what the press said. - Uh-huh. What will I look like saying that I'm glad the president was killed? John Ali was there. He claims that he wasn't, but he was. And he ran to the phone, he called Chicago. He said, "Minister Malcolm is... He said this about the president." And the next day... This statement is from Messenger Elijah Muhammad, the leader of the Muslims of America. Minister Malcolm has been suspended from public speaking for the time being. There are advantages to obeying, you know? And there are disadvantages to disobeying. You don't get a reward if you disobey. You only get a reward if you obey. Elijah Muhammad sat Malcolm down. He told him, "You can no longer represent us on a national level until a period of 90 days." He left him in charge of the East Coast area, and left him on salary. Told him to sit down and don't say nothing. Malcolm knew what he was doing. He was being rebellious. He had gotten so popular, and it went to his head. This whole thing was emotional from the time it started. Everything, the whole atmosphere, the environment was charged. Once the Messenger gave him those 90 days, people started taking sides. And then things just snowballed from there. I am not the number-two man of the Muslim movement, like the press has been saying over and over. The FBI, by this point, has a pretty well-worn strategy. And they're making sure that the public feels like there's a tension between Elijah Muhammad and Malcolm X. They are pretty actively feeding information through journalists. And it fed into this narrative that Malcolm was trying to take over the Nation. So Malcolm has to constantly go around and say, "I'm not the next leader. I'm not the number two." And it's an insult to me to refer to me as the "heir apparent" of the Honorable Elijah Muhammad. I'm his minister. Elijah Muhammad, he started delegating more of the administration of the Nation to his children and the national secretary, John Ali. They started putting seeds of doubt in his mind about Malcolm's loyalty. And they're getting in his head. "Did you hear what Minister Malcolm said?" And Elijah Muhammad starts believing this, and he starts seeing Malcolm as being dangerous. My work is divine work. Allah has chosen me for the work and I put down one and take up another, and if one baby don't act right, he'll spank him anyway and make him act right. When I had the Malcolm X case, I was interested in finding out that they were turning on each other and who was in which faction. So when Malcolm was suspended, I interviewed him in his home and tried to talk him into being an informant. Good morning, how do you do? We're the FBI. Do you have a couple of minutes? Like to talk to you. All right, a couple of minutes. I did not know it was being recorded at the time. And your name is, uh...? - Beckwith. - Beckwith? - Right. - And your name is? - Fulton. - Fulton. Uh, frankly, one of the reasons we picked this particular time to contact you is because of the suspension. The suspension was brought about by my own doing. Yeah, exactly. Uh, we would be... interested in having you help us out. Help you out to do what? What we're interested in, um, basically... are the names... Who they are, their identification. I don't even know them. Uh... You have... Do you keep no records? That's not my job. I'm just a preacher. Yeah. But somebody up there keeps a record? I don't know who. I don't have any knowledge of those kinds of things. Um... Sometimes, uh... Money brings out the information. Uh, and no intent to insult you here. You insult my intelligence. And in fact, no, you insult your own, because you wouldn't know in advance what I'm going to say when you ask that question. There is no government agency that can ever expect any information out of me. We talked to him in there for a little over an hour. He was nice and courteous, but not too cooperative. So, it was a try. You make a stab at it. If it works, it works. If it doesn't work, you move on. Malcolm X, you were involved in a controversy some months ago with your leader. - Is that over? - I've been silent because of some statements I made concerning the President of the United States. There is no such thing as a split between you-- No, the Honorable Elijah Muhammad taught me everything I know and made me everything I am. Malcolm had learned to depend on Elijah Muhammad greater than a man would look to his father. He didn't have a father, just like me, and Elijah Muhammad was a father. When Malcolm was set down by Elijah Muhammad, he was not technically fired, but he was no longer allowed to perform his duties. And Malcolm was writing letters that were designed to reconcile. He would write. There was no answer. No way in the world could he even contact Elijah Muhammad, 'cause it wouldn't go past the head office. Whatever his relationship was with Elijah Muhammad now had so many intermediaries, he could not even directly communicate. I believe the authorities of this country, they been trying to put Elijah Muhammad against Malcolm for the long... They were sending false mail out during that rift. I was living in Miami at the time. I was a captain over at the mosque. They called me Captain Sam back at that time. This is Sam Saxon, leader of a militant Miami mosque. They are black Muslims. And the FBI says the movement is a potential threat. So, I was in the streets of Miami, selling papers. I heard somebody holler across the street "Hey, Brother!" He said, "Yeah, I'm Cassius Clay, I'm gonna be the next heavyweight champion of the world." I was like, "Yeah, man, I know you. You just won the Olympics." And from that day on, me and him, we hit it off like two peas in the same hull. I assigned myself as the head of security for Cassius Clay. I introduced him to Malcolm. The Honorable Elijah Muhammad sat Malcolm down from speaking to the public for 90 days. So we brought Malcolm down to Miami and let him cool out. Give him a little vacation. That's when it come loose that Malcolm was in Miami to recruit Cassius Clay to the Black Muslim Movement. I want to talk with you briefly about your affiliation with Cassius. Cassius has been following the religion of Islam for the past four or five years, and he's the most... He's always been the most likable, friendly person in the world. Cassius Clay finds an image in the Nation of Islam, and especially Malcolm X, that he's really, really attracted to. Clay says, "I saw the way he was battling these white folks and defeating them." And he said, "You know, I fell in love with him." I frankly believe that Cassius is in a better position than anyone else to restore a sense of racial pride to not only our people in this country, but all over the world. In January of 1964, Ali is getting ready for the biggest fight of his life. He's also got Malcolm sort of whispering in his ear. Do you have any prediction you'd like to make? - No... - When we'll solve this... Cassius makes all the predictions. Two people are bent on controlling Cassius Clay. One is Malcolm X. The other is Elijah Muhammad. Elijah Muhammad sees Clay as a pliable gold mine. If Malcolm had enough control over Clay, he could tell the Messenger, "All is forgiven on both sides, and this is what I'm going to deliver to you." Malcolm tried to leverage the relationship that he had developed with Ali in order to bring him back into the good graces of Elijah Muhammad. Welcome to Miami Beach, Florida, for the heavyweight championship of the world. I think Malcolm was aware that there were a lot of different ways this could go, but as it happened, he was ringside in seat number seven. Another jarring right hand that time. There goes another one! Sonny wobbles! Sonny wobbles! Clearly, if Ali were to win the heavyweight championship, he would be an important figure to the Nation of Islam. And if Malcolm's the guy who helps make that happen, then he maybe becomes valuable too. Here we are in round seven. - Wait a minute... Sonny Liston's not coming out! He's out! The winner and the new heavyweight champion of the world is Cassius Clay! I don't have a mark on my face, and I upset Sonny Liston and I just turned 22 years old. I must be the greatest! Malcolm X, what do you think of Cassius's victory in Miami? I think it was a great victory. He proved he was the best man. After Cassius Clay wins the heavyweight championship, Malcolm X is trying to say that, "If this young man comes with me, we can influence millions of people all across the world." It's just that he's not as clever as Elijah Muhammad when it comes to power politics. They had said that he would... Liston would tear up that pretty face of yours... But Allah and myself said, "No, no." Elijah Muhammad was playing chess when Malcolm was playing checkers. The Messenger gives Clay a new name, Muhammad Ali, a name that Malcolm really never got. Why do you insist on being called Muhammad Ali now? That's the name given to me by my leader and teacher, the Honorable Elijah Muhammad. That's my original name. That's a black man name. Cassius Clay was my slave name. I'm no longer a slave. What does it mean? Muhammad means, "Worthy of all praises," and Ali means, "Most high." The way in which you inspire loyalty is that you give people things, and it's transactional. Malcolm had nothing to offer. Muhammad Ali is going to reject Malcolm X. Um, part of that is out of fear of angering the Nation of Islam. Part of that's just narcissism. Now, what Malcolm X does is his business, he's one man. Once Elijah Muhammad turned on Malcolm, then Muhammad Ali turned on Malcolm. And that's when Malcolm realized, really came to understand, that his days in the Nation were pretty much done. It seems as if everyone around him understood something that he was too close to see. He thought he would be reinstated. And I think it's really not until after Muhammad Ali's fight that he realizes that that's not going to happen. I thought it was great. I thought it was wonderful. Elijah Muhammad is divesting himself of his greatest asset and weakening his organization. It's like a baseball team deprived of its biggest slugger. I mean, how much better does it get than that? 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 