Miraculous: Tales of Ladybug & Cat Noir: Season 1, Episode 9 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Miraculous: Tales of Ladybug & Cat Noir 
 s1e9 - The Evillustrator - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Miraculous: Tales of Ladybug & Cat Noir (2015–…): Season 1, Episode 9 - The Evillustrator - full transcript 
 Nathanael is humiliated by Chloe after his drawings are scattered all over the classroom, revealing his secret crush for Marinette. Determined to get revenge, Nathanael is influenced by ... 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 In the daytime I'm Marinette, just a normal girl with a normal life. But there's something about me that no-one knows yet because I have a secret. - Ready, dad? - As much as I'll ever be. Happy career day, my darlings. My day begins at 4 am every morning because the bakery opens at 7. You'd think it's a routine life, making the same pastries, rolls, cakes... but every day's different. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 One day someone might order an Eiffel Tower cake and the next... You've reached Gabriel Agreste's voicemail. Please leave a message. Hi, father, it's me. It's parents' career day, remember? I was hoping you'd show up. Call me back. - You OK? - Yeah, whatever. Nothing new. Marinette will come round to pass out some fresh croissants. Thank you, Mr Dupain. Now, let's meet Alya's mom. She's head-chef at Le Grand Paris hotel owned by Mayor Bourgeois. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 It's beautiful. Look, don't touch. Put it away, Chloe. It could get in the wrong hands. How many croissants would your dad have to sell to buy one of these? What am I saying? He'd have to sell the whole store. If you're so rich, you don't need free croissants. Jealous. Is that camembert? That's not camembert, but it is very shiny. I like shiny. I have no dishes to share but maybe Mr Bourgeois will invite you all to the hotel for lunch. Do you ever not trip up? Next is Sabrina's father, a policeman, Officer Roger. I've been a police officer for 15 years, and I believe that everyone is innocent until proven guilty. My bracelet, it's gone! I had it a second ago. You, you stole it! What are you talking about? You tripped on my bag so you could steal it. You're a policeman, arrest her. My daughter is not a thief. Hold on, Miss Bourgeois. We don't accuse without proof. Everyone calm down. Maybe you simply misplaced it. You're calling me a liar? Daddy! Roger, I demand you search this girl. Please, everybody. Need I remind you that as mayor, I am your superior? But it's against the law. I can't just go... OK, then you're fired. Mayor, you can't be serious. Over a missing bracelet? This is my daughter's bracelet. You're incompetent, and you're fired. Get out! Let's call Ladybug. She'll actually do something. Parent-child relationships can be so complicated... and a perfect breeding-ground for stress. When there's no more law and order, there's only chaos left. Fly away, my evil little Akuma, and take control of this policeman. He expects me to break the law? That's just... criminal. Rogercop, I am Hawk Moth. This city needs a true, ruthless, righter of wrongs and that is where you come in. Yes, sir. Ladybug and Cat Noir must be destroyed if you want retribution. You will seize their Miraculuses for me. Do we have an agreement? Affirmative! Cat Noir and Ladybug will be powerless against me. Justice will prevail in Paris. Don't even think of going near my daughter's bag! Do you know who I am? Gentlemen, this is a school. Think of the children. I'm sure the bracelet is around here somewhere. It probably just rolled out of her bag. I'd try and get as far away as possible from that brat too. Hey, Nino's been filming everything. We can see what really happened. Marinette will come round to pass out some fresh croissants. There you have it. Sabrina was holding it. Yes, but I gave it back straight after. Chloe, take a look in your BFF's bag. Are you saying I'm a thief? No. Chloe's the one calling people thieves. I'm going by what's on the video. Yes, I sketched it, but I didn't do anything else. You're under arrest. What? What for? Littering, jaywalking, and crossing on a red light. Well, I suppose... I did but you can't arrest me. Who are you any anyway? You don't look like a policeman. I sentence you to litter duty. Next mission, seek justice from Mayor Bourgeois. Give me the tape. I'll have it analysed. - No, it's my camera. - Do you know who I am? I'm the Mayor! Where's the principle? I want to see him now! I won't bother you with the story, it's a long, boring... Yes you will, and fast. We have a big problem. If by big you're referring to my hard abs, thanks for noticing. Now we have a bigger problem. Hey! You can't just walk in here. I can go wherever I want, whenever I want. I am the law. Well, I'm the authority here. You are guilty of obstructing the path of justice. I sentence you to do laps. Wait. I can't... control... my arms. Why can't I transform? The bracelet will get absorbed with me and damage your powers. Soon, Ladybug and Cat Noir will show up to meet their doom. See, Chloe? I tripped on the bag, Sabrina held the bracelet and Nathaniel sketched it. We are all suspects. What's that supposed to mean? I didn't swipe it. And neither did I but Chloe could accuse anyone and everyone. Fine, since you're a suspect, you'll let me search your bag. Ok, but only if search everyone else's too. No-one's rummaging in my bag. Marinette, let the adults handle this. She called me a thief. I'm just defending myself. You're also accusing your friends like Chloe's doing. I'm Chloe's BFF. I wouldn't steal from her. What about Adrien? He's in 4 seconds of that video. And we haven't seen him since. Not Adrien. Why would he steal a bracelet? If anyone's guilty, it's one of us. Are you accusing us? I want an attorney. Marinette, stop. We should search the parents. Where is the Mayor? Dad? That's your dad? - Hello, may I help you? - Where is the Mayor? I think he already left. Are you lying? Yes... I mean no. If nobody speaks up I'll arrest you all. Where is your father? I don't know. Mr Principle, find out who stole it ASAP! Or your job is on the line. My Daughter has been treated with disrespect. I was only defending myself. My dad's right, I accused everyone in the process. I don't think any of us took it. You'll find a way to make it right. Yeah, well, right now, I've gotta transform. Tikki, spots on! I-I-I thought it was camembert. Anyone can make a mistake. You're always thinking with your stomach... Wait. A bit of pepper... Gesundheit! Plagg, claws out! I'm warning you, if you don't find it by this evening, I'll cut off all funding for the school. Understood? But how am I supposed to... Didn't anyone ever teach you to knock? Justice doesn't need an invitation. Mayor, you're under arrest for abuse of power. Look who's talking. Paris has a new righter of wrongs. Your services are no longer required. You can't accuse everyone of every little wrong-doing! Mr Rogercop, I need your help. Hey, come back. You're obstructing justice. You'll pay for this. You can add bodily harm to the charges. Listen, you're Sabrina's dad and a good cop. Don't let the evil person who gave you these powers make an evil cop out of you. Don't listen to her. Take their Miraculuses! Their powers belong to me! Justice must prevail in the streets of Paris. The mayor must pay for getting rid of his best police officer. Mr Rogercop! I've got a serious problem, worse than a bad hair day. - Come, we'll talk about it. - OK Chloe, no! I bet you missed me. I know that Marinette stole my bracelet. She must be arrested. Auto-pilot engaged. Hello, are you listening to me? Thanks for the lasso, Lassy. Where are you going? Who's going to drive this car? Did I thank you for the lift? Nice shoes. I could use a pair like that. Grab onto me. No, Ladybug! What have you done? Snatch his Miraculus! His ring! Nice day for a swim. Well, hey. I'm head over heels to see you, milady. You're welcome. You owe me one. Sure but I'll take credit for that. Mayor's Limousine located. There's no point running after him. He's way out of reach now. Well, if it's the mayor he wants... He'll be heading for the city hall. Do I sense a plan? Let's go. Call all available police forces ASAP. That's an order! Bourgeois, I'm taking over. Relinquish your powers. Never! These handcuffs won't change my mind. Then maybe this will. Hey! Don't you dare lay a finger on my little girl. So much for your powers. Paris has a new superpower. His name is Rogercop. I hereby relinquish all authority to Rogercop. All citizens are ordered to answer to him. Ladybug and Cat Noir are now outlaws. They must be hunted down and taken into custody immediately. Let's go get 'em. So now we're the nation's most wanted felons? We haven't done anything. You can't accuse someone without proof. We should defend ourselves in court. Not while Rogercop's the Chief of Justice. How many times have we saved Paris? We're still saving Paris. Something about Paris just makes you wanna dance. You won't be dancing after I'm done with you. Arrest him. So you won't be joining me? Go, Ladybug, go! Ladybug, it's time for justice to prevail. You've got justice and revenge all mixed up, Rogercop. Lucky charm! Oven mitts? What am I supposed to do with these? Fabulous, so wretchedly fabulous! OK, show's over. Sorry, no encore tonight. Get Ladybug and Cat Noir. Hey, my hair! Stop shooting like an idiot. You're supposed to seize their Miraculuses! The Akuma must be in his whistle. We've got to get to it. How? Whenever you're ready milady. I have an idea, but I need something like... a ring. Where am I gonna get a ring? Ladybug, over there. That's Chloe's bracelet. Exactly what I need. Fend off Rogercop as long as you can. Whenever you're ready. Cataclysm! Gotcha. No! Do more evil-doing for you, little Akuma. Time to de-evilise! Gotcha! Bye-bye, little butterfly. Miraculous Ladybug! What am I doing up here? POUNT IT! As Rogercop would say, Justice has prevailed in Paris. I'd stick around but you'd see me without my mask and you wouldn't be able to resist me. I doubt it, but I'll take your word for it. You may have eluded me this time, Ladybug, but one of these days, I'll be ruling the world, and you and Cat Noir won't be a part of it! I think this belongs to you. My bag... my... my bracelet. But... how? Roger... you found the bracelet? It was in Chloe's bag all along. It must have fallen into a side-pocket when that girl tripped. Roger, I apologize for being accusatory and for firing you for no good reason. I think Officer Roger has proven his worth. You'd be wrong not to keep him. Of course, Ladybug, you're absolutely right. And it's actually Lieutenant Roger now. Thank you, Mr Mayor. I'm proud to be on the force and I vow to uphold my belief that everyone is innocent until proven guilty. Very good, a valuable lesson learnt, right Chloe? Yes, daddy. Lesson learnt. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 