Miraculous: Tales of Ladybug & Cat Noir: Season 1, Episode 6 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Miraculous: Tales of Ladybug & Cat Noir 
 s1e6 - Lady Wifi - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Miraculous: Tales of Ladybug & Cat Noir (2015–…): Season 1, Episode 6 - Lady Wifi - full transcript 
 Ayla is suspicious that Chloe is Ladybug's true identity and is caught sneaking into her locker, resulting in her being wrongfully suspended by the principal. Angry at Chloe, she is influenced by Hawk Moth and transforms into Lady Wifi, a villain who can manipulate technology. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 In the daytime I'm Marinette, just a normal girl with a normal life but there's something about me that no-one knows yet because I have a secret. Don't blink now, 'cause we are live from Paris. Yo, peeps, Alya here bringing you the one and only Ladyblog. Huh? What is that? Ah! Ladybug in action. Hang on 'cause we're going for a ride. Oh! Freak out! 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 What you've got here is no ordinary book. It's a 10th grade history book, and I should know 'cause I've got this very same book. Could our very own Ladybug be a high school student in real life? Whoa! - I told you from day one, Tikki, I'm a total klutz. - What's done is done. - We can't change what happens. We can only move forward. Alya must not find out who you are. You know how persistent she can be with her blog totally dedicated to Ladybug. - But how? Maybe I'm not cut out for this whole Ladybug thing. - You are the chosen one, Marinette. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 It will all work out. Trust me. Everyone has a past they can work from. This will show you why. - An exhibition at the Louvre on the Pharaoh Tutankhamen? What does that have to do with my book and Alya? - You must persuade Alya to go there with you and make sure she brings the book. You'll tell her you found out something about Ladybug. - At the museum? - You'll see. - Well, I don't know how I'm gonna convince Alya to go to an Egyptian exhibit, much less convince her that I'm not Ladybug. - She will be interested and so will you. Promise. - Can you believe it? All I've gotta do is find out who this history book belongs to and bam! I've figured out Ladybug's true identity. I'm so on this one. - You really think you can figure out who Ladybug is from a textbook that every high school student owns? - Yup. 'Cause our school is the only school that uses that book, ha! So, all I gotta do is find out which girl in 10th grade lost her book last week. There are 43 girls, not counting myself. - Forty-two, not counting you or me. Ooof! - Yesterday somebody didn't have her textbook in class. - I left it at home. You know I always forget my stuff. - Hmmmm... Just messing with you, Marinette. Of course I'll only drop you from my investigation when you bring your history book back to class. Oh! It's not broken. - Uh, I'm okay, too. Thanks for asking. - I'm sorry. Hey, you're in the same grade as Alix, right? I'm her older brother, Jalil Kubdel. So, you're into Tutankhamen, too? Dad! - Weird. - So, again, girl why are we here? This exhibit's got something to do with Ladybug, for real? - Well, uh... There. - Yeah, it's over there. Uhh... - Hm... Hang on 'cause we're going for a ride. Oh! Freak out. What you've got here is no ordinary book. It's a 10th grade history book, and I should know 'cause I've got this very same book. Could our very own Ladybug be a high school student in real life? - That's crazy! What are the odds that we have the same textbook? Maybe we even go to the same school. - Don't you think you'd know her then? Why bother yourself with ladies when you can be enjoying this? - For one, ladies smell about a thousand times better than that cheese and they're much better looking. - Suit yourself. Your loss. - My only loss is my appetite. Come on, tell me what it is already. - No, no, 'cause it wouldn't be a surprise then... To you or me. - I'm telling you, Father, it's right there in the hieroglyphics. Excuse me. There, as you know, the one with the scepter is Tutankhamen the First, and there, opposite, is Nefertiti, his princess. There are exactly 100 mummies beside them. She died several years before him, and the sun god, Ra, took her as his goddess. - Yes, I know all that. I'm the director of this exhibition, remember? - Then you also know that Tutankhamen wanted to bring his princess back to life by offering the sun god a new wife. This scene illustrates a ritual he devised. Nobody has ever fully deciphered the hieroglyphics... But I have! It's a magic chant that needs to be recited in order to complete the ritual. I'm sure of it! - He kind of reminds me of someone else with crazy ideas... you. - You might think my theories about Ladybug are crazy, but you watch, girl, I'll prove you wrong. - Jalil, these types of frescos are almost always the illustration of a legend. They call it a legend for a reason. - That's what everyone thinks, but I know it's real. I can prove it! - Really? And exactly how are you going to prove it? - I just need to get my hands on Tutankhamen's scepter and recite the spell. - Are you serious? - Oh! - Don't even think of touching that scepter. I'd lose my job on the spot. It's a priceless, historical object... not a toy. - Come on, Dad, we have to try out the spell! What if Tutankhamen had found out how to bring people back to life? - Listen, Jalil, that's enough. Get your head out of those papyrus scrolls and focus on the real world... this one. - ♪ There's nothing wrong with living out a fantasy, especially when I can make it a reality. - ♪ - Fly away my evil akuma and transform that young man. - ♪ Uh... Uh... - Gah! Put that down! I'm gonna show you the secret I found out about Ladybug. - About time! This better be blog-worthy. - ♪ - Pharaoh, I am Hawk Moth. I have endowed you with the magical power of the ancient gods. You must do me a favor in return for this gift. - My precious Nefertiti will come back to life. - Uh... uh... - This thing's making my eyes hurt. - Look closely. It is in there. Huh? - Hey, you! - Tut, give me time! Oh! Hey! - Alya, hide! Oh! - Get out of here! Faster! - ♪ - Time to transform. Tikki, spots on! Yeah! - ♪ - OMG. Coming to you live, Ladyblog viewers. I am at the scene even before Ladybug or Cat Noir. This is insane! - Wow, I love the face changes. You could use that one. - Time to transform. Plagg, claws out! - ♪ - You know that's considered stealing. - Actually, I'm taking back what rightfully belongs to me! - Maybe if you were the real Pharaoh... which you're not! - Look at Ladybug go! If I'm dreaming don't wake me up. Hey! Ladybug waved at me. No way! - ♪ - Sekhmet, give me your strength! How nice of you to hold the door open for me. Hah! - Enjoy your coffin. - This is heck-a-crazy! - Keep your eyes peeled. Huh? Hiya. - Your face. Fate has placed you on my path. Come with me. - Hey, hands off the threads! I can walk myself! - Seriously? Let her go! Hiding behind an innocent bystander? You're weak, Pharaoh. - I'm way more powerful than you are. - And don't forget... All the latest behind the scenes are on my blog. - That Alya is one brave chick. - If by brave you mean bossy, feisty, and bold... Yup, that's her. Come on, get us out of here, Cat Noir. - Cataclysm! - ♪ - How are we gonna find them? - Alya's got a live stream on her blog. - Hi, everyone, Ayla here, live blogging from the shoulder of a terrifying villain. Huge scoop to come. Stay tuned! - Uh, go ahead. I'll join you as soon as my Miraculous is charged up again. - Hurry up. It's gonna take both of us to defeat him. - ♪ - Hey! - Onto the next phase. Anubis, bring me mummies! - Soon we will be together again, my Nefertiti, my long lost love. - This is gonna be one major scoop. Uh, excuse me, Pharaoh, but, uh, what exactly is going on here? - I am going to carry out the sacred spell to bring Nefertiti back. - Ah, hm, gotcha. You're talking about the spell on the papyrus, right? - Correct, the 100 mummies and the offering. - Offering? What offering? - To persuade the sun god Ra to give me back my sweet princess, I must give him something in return... a pure soul. - Dude, that's hard to come by. - But I've already found her. You look so much like her. Say what? - Hold on, Ayla. Whoa! Oh, no, I ran right into one of those time bubbles. I've got to get out of this. - Ladybug, this is Ayla. I just found out I'm the sacrificial offering to the sun god. Please hurry! - Hold on, Ayla. I'm nearly there. Oh, do you seriously think this mumbo jumbo with the sun and mummy stuff is gonna work? You have no respect. Your batteries are charged up enough. Plagg, claws out! - ♪ Hm. - Whoa! - Thanks for waitin' around for me. - No problem. We've gotta find the hidden akuma and free it before he sacrifices that poor girl. - ♪ - I can't see her or Pharaoh. - Over there! - Hm? Huh? Whoa, back up. Who's that goddess chick with the black spots there on your papyrus? - Ladybug, my sworn enemy. My nemesis may have kept me from carrying out my ritual 5,000 years before, but she will not stop Nefertiti from coming back for me this time! - Did you say, "Ladybug 5,000 years ago"? - Everyone does have a past they can learn from. - Well, you don't look a day over 3,000. - Now you know why I'm so much wiser than you, hm! - Oh, sacred Ra, god of the sun, I, Pharaoh, offer to thee a pure soul. This sacrifice for the return of Nefertiti. I bow to you and present this gift with my mummies. In company, we pray to you the safe return of Princess Nefertiti! Awaken, Nefertiti, awaken! Awaken, Nefertiti, awaken! Awaken, Nefertiti, awaken! - Ladybug! - We've gotta save her before he completes the ritual or Ayla will be gone forever. - What should we do? - Hold back the mummies while I take on the Pharaoh. - Why do I have to deal with these freaks while you get to slip calmly around back? - Because I'm the only one who can capture his akuma, and because you're the bravest one out of both of us. Sure. I know you don't really think that, but I'll pretend you do. Awaken! Awaken, Nefertiti, awaken! Awaken, Nefertiti, awaken! Awaken, Nefertiti, awaken! Hey there, you buncha bandages. What do you say we wrap this up? - Cat Noir! - Seize him! - Is that really as fast as you can go? Ha! - What? This looks like a trap! - ♪ - Gotcha! - Horus, give me your wings! - Peeps, you've just witnessed another insane feat from Ladybug. Thanks for saving my butt. - Oh, uh, you're welcome. But it's not over yet. Not until... - Not until Ladybug destroys the pendant containing the akuma and turns everything back to normal. I pay attention. - The pendant! Good eye! - Phew! - Way to go, Ladybug! No! - You're not going to win this time, Ladybug. - Help me, Ladybug! - Crush that insect! What the... - Cat Noir, this way! - We have to save Alya before she reaches the circle of darkness. You will not stop me from bringing Nefertiti back. I'll finish you off. Anubis, bring me mummies! - ♪ - Horus, give me your wings! Huh? Cat Noir, the pendant! That's where the akuma is! - ♪ - Sekhmet, give me your strength! - It's over. - Ladybug, save me! - Oh, Ra, god of the sun, accept this humble offering, and return the princess to me! - Lucky charm! - ♪ - A Ladybug outfit? - That's our last hope? - Hm... This offering isn't good enough for Nefertiti. - Hey! Thanks a lot! - Too late, Ladybug. The ritual has begun. - Set Alya free and sacrifice me instead. Wouldn't that be the sweetest revenge... 5,000 years later. After all, I'm the one who kept Nefertiti from you all these years. - It's true that you would make a much more precious offering than this mortal. Horus, give me wings. Seriously? Excuse you, but I make excellent sacrificing material. Hmph! - Take her Miraculous... The earring. - You win, Pharaoh. If you want my Miraculous... go get it! - Get it! A toy? You tricked me! - ♪ - No more evil doing for you, little akuma. - ♪ - Time to de-evilize. - ♪ - Gotcha! Bye-bye, little butterfly. Miraculous Ladybug! - ♪ - What happened? - Thanks, Ladybug, but, uh... I've still gotta ask... How old are you really? - Um, much older than a high school student, that's for sure. - Don't you wanna know how old I am? - In a sec, it looks like I'll be able to tell for myself. - Where have you been? You won't believe this. I got mummified. - I hope you weren't one of the ones trying to swap me for Nefertiti. Creepy! - What? You were almost sacrificed? - If it hadn't been for you I'd never have found out that Ladybug is at least 5,000-years-old. - Hey, what are friends for? - I still don't get it though. What was she doing with that 10th grade history textbook? - Uh, she... she probably had to find out what's been going on for the past 50 centuries. - You're probably right. It's tough staying in the loop. Hey, Ladybug's textbook! It's gone! You might've gotten away this time, but I assure you, Ladybug, someday, wherever you are, I will have your Miraculous and you'll be nothing! Nothing at all! I don't get it. I know I'm not 5,000-years-old. So who exactly was that Ladybug in the papyrus? - Quamies like me, and superheroes like you have always existed. - So that wasn't you on the papyrus either? - What do you think? - You don't look 5,000-years-old. - Well, I'm not. I'm older than that. I'm the quamy who's watched over every single Ladybug since the very beginning. - You must've known much less klutzy Ladybugs than me, right? - Every Ladybug is different. - Yeah, that's what I thought. - Marinette, you are different. But different as in surprising, unpredictable, and endearing. And very talented. You learn fast. - Really? - Yes. Mmmm... You'd better get to sleep. Remember, you have that history test tomorrow. Oh, yeah. Good thing it's on ancient Egypt. - ♪ 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 