T@gged: Season 1, Episode 6 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 T@gged 
 s1e6 - #Underpressure - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 T@gged (2016–…): Season 1, Episode 6 - #Underpressure - full transcript 
 The countdown continues and Hailey receives a threat that she'll become the next victim. When she goes to visit Ash for a fix to help calm her anxiety, she discovers the threat of Monkeyman is real and very deadly. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 - Previously on "T@gged"... WOMAN: Hailey! HAILEY: Mom, do you want a shake? [wind whistles] - I woke up at that motel in Southview, facedown, and this guy was behind me. If someone hadn't stopped him... - Brie told me that Elisia's parents died a year ago. - In a fire. - It was my fault. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Hey, Jake, these are my friends. - From where? ELISIA: School. JAKE: High school? [tense music] - So, Rowan, how do you know my cousin? I thought you said we need to be honest. Pom-poms? HAILEY: The spirit assembly. What if he's gonna bring these guns to school? He said it's my turn. I'm not going. ROWAN: We have to go. HAILEY: No, no, no! - We have to warn people, Hailey. [Amycanbe's "My Love"] ♪ - [chuckles] 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 WOMAN: ♪ My love ♪ I left it ♪ On the top ♪ Of that high hill ♪ ♪ My love ♪ I lost it ♪ When they chopped off ♪ My head ♪ ♪ My love... - You again. - I said I wasn't going anywhere. WOMAN: ♪ When I swam out... - You know how I said I saw you watching me the other day? - Yeah. WOMAN: ♪ Clear my brain, clear my brain ♪ - That's only because... I watch you all the time. I've kept my eyes on you every day since I got out. I'm not gonna let anything happen to you. [gentle music] ♪ [dog barks distantly] ♪ ♪ [dramatic music] ♪ WOMAN: I tagged you both. [all cheering] [indistinct chatter] [phone chimes] - Who is it? - It's just Sean. See if I'm gonna be at the assembly. I went to his house last night, Rowan. It was amazing. - Seriously? Sean and Brandon are best friends, and Brandon could be you-know-who. - Next thing you're gonna tell me is Sean could be Monkeyman. - He could be. Anybody could be. Jake. Brie. - Are you kidding me? I am so sick of being scared. I needed a night off. [students cheering] - While you took a night off, I figured out how we can stop this assembly from happening. - I'm just saying it was a really big night for me, and I wanted to talk about it with a friend. - Isn't Sean a little douchey for you? - You don't get it, do you? You think I left you behind freshman year because I got popular friends. But really it was because of this. Because you are so damn judgmental. I can never tell you anything. [students cheering] - Hey. Hey, where's your spirit? - What? - Well, aren't you supposed to be wearing blue and yellow? - Oh. Yeah, I forgot. - Hey, are you going to this? I thought maybe we could go together. As friends. - I can't. I gotta go. - Well-- - Elisia. I'm glad you're back. - Flu sucks. - I found your account. The self-harm photos and the video. I wanted to talk to you about them. - Sorry. I'm gonna be late for the assembly. [all cheering] - What the hell is going on? You don't text anymore. You don't call me. - I don't know-- - You don't even answer my phone calls anymore. - Chill out. - I am not gonna chill out. I don't care where we are, okay? Because we--we have been dating for two years. That is a long time, okay? And out of nowhere-- I am not gonna stop until this ends. What is going on? [students cheering] [tense music] ♪ [rhythmic clapping] - Are you sure you want to have a party? I mean, it sounds like a lot of work. We could just have a girls' night. - Are you kidding? It is a lot of work. Work I've been doing by myself. Here, Brandon wanted to make them. You weren't around to help. - I'm sorry. [phone chimes] [tense music] ♪ Are you okay? - Sean's been pissing me off lately, but what about you? You've been weird all week. What's up with Rowan? - Um, we're just hanging out a little bit, few classes together. ♪ - You should bring her tomorrow night. I know you've missed her a lot. You're still coming, right? - Yeah, of course. - Just making sure. MAN: You're about to see a lot of work from your peers, people in your class. [suspenseful music] ♪ - Um... Do you... Do you want to ditch? Like, let's get out of here. - Why? - I just-- [all gasp] [cheerful music] DISTORTED VOICE: Here's your solution. ♪ [laughter] [tense music] ♪ [students laughing, whispering] [upbeat music] ♪ [knocking] WOMAN: ♪ The sirens call me - Hey. What happened? Are you okay? - They took me downtown. Seriously, to the actual police station. School called home. My mom was there. - What did you say to them? - I said that it was a joke. A video I made when my mom was sleeping. They had no way to prove it. My mom believed me. - How many times have you done it? Hailey? - Your dad, Ro, he, um, he asked me about the shotgun video. They know. I lied and I said I thought it was a prank. [phone rings] - Speaking of. - Hey. You found my board. - Oh, yeah. It was at the motel. - Where'd you get this? - I found it in my locker. - He's mine. I got him, like, second grade. Well, stole him, actually. - From who? - This kid in my class. I took it from his bag. It was kind of messed up, actually, because he said it was his dad's or something and that it meant the whole world to him. But I told the teacher it was mine, and she believed me. - Who was the kid, Elisia? [tense music] - Are you thinking that-- - He said that the name of the game was to figure out who he was. We thought the clues were to find you, but maybe they-- maybe they were to find him. HAILEY: I got a message yesterday. Maybe it's a clue, too. I mean, it was the-- you know those theater masks, like the happy and sad faces? And I also got this text. - "These violent delights have violent ends." What's that even mean? - We need Brie. I can sneak out. - I don't know if we can trust Brie anymore. - She's the only one that can help us. [phone rings] - It's my dad again. You two go. I don't really think Brie wants to see me right now. I'm gonna go back to school. Anything's better than my dad's wrath. - There's only 28 hours left. - Then that means something is gonna happen tomorrow night. HAILEY: Have you guys seen the flyers for Nicki's party? Everyone is going now. Ro, you said that we should all stick together. - I'll go. I-I'd rather be with you guys than at home alone. - Okay, I'll go. But we have to figure out who he is before then. WOMAN: ♪ I've heard it all before - No, that was ridiculous. - Yeah. - Hey. - Oh, hey. - Rebel Donuts. That note was from you to meet you after the assembly. - No, no, it's cool. Greg came. - You missed out. - Hey, you want one? - Yeah, definitely. Ooh, sprinkles, right? - Yeah. - Oh, my gosh, that's so good. This is my life. - Yeah? - Okay, hold that right there. - It's good, right? - Mm-hmm, it's so good. Dude, I'm sorry. I'm sorry I've been so distracted. I--I didn't know the note was from you. - Yeah, yeah, it was stupid. Don't even worry about it. - Well, thank you so much. - It's fine. Another time. All right, enjoy. - Yeah, you too. [tense music] ♪ ELISIA: What happened? - Rowan's mom had an affair with a teacher at Hilland last year. Everyone knew about it. - I didn't realize that was her mom. - It happened right around the time when Nicki and I started hanging out. I was a pretty awful friend when, you know, she needed me the most. - [clears throat] Where's Rowan? - She figured you were pissed. - I'm more curious which of her loser friends blamed me for their own bad habit. I have my theories. So I got your text. That quote you found, it's Shakespeare. "Romeo and Juliet." Coulda Googled that your damn selves. HAILEY: "These violent delights have violent ends "and in their triumph die, "like fire and powder. Which as they kiss consume." "Romeo and Juliet" was our spring play freshman year. We put it on in the auditorium. - Were you in it? Maybe he was there. Maybe he watched you. - I was Juliet. - Of course you were. Next request, it's gonna take me a while to find records from your second grade class. Did you guys know there were new stalker videos up on his account? - Yeah. - No. [tense music] ♪ You knew about this? - Where are you going? - Screw you both. - What's her problem? - I told you to wait for me last night. - I came home and went to bed. I was tired. He's so annoying. - I called. - My phone was dead. - I was worried. Why were you even there? - People hang out there sometimes. - Not your kind of people. I know you saw the video. The girl getting shot. - It was a prank. - The crime scene last night, we found her. It's real. [phone chimes] Can you put the phone down for five seconds, please? I want to know why you're asking about missing girls. - It was a class project, okay? - I don't want you hanging out with Hailey anymore. - You love Hailey. - No, I know those were her pills. She has a problem. [doorbell chimes] [sighs] - It's not for me. [doorbell chimes] [door opens] Dad, who is it? FRICKS: Hello? Hello? - Dad? [tense music] ♪ Dad? Dad! ♪ What is that? [train whistle blares] ♪ - You know, I wanted to ask you about that night. Are you okay? I mean, we never got to talk about it. [train crossing dings] - He didn't... you know. Don't worry about it. - I know how you are. First fire, then drugs, now this. You need an outlet. What about sex? [both chuckle] - I got what I deserved. - Don't say that. I really believe that, Ash. After what happened to my mom and dad... I deserved it. - That's not true. - Stop. Stop. - Why? Why do you always pull away? - Because I don't want you to make me feel better about it. I shouldn't feel better, okay? Just stay away from me, Ash. [tense music] ♪ [train whistle blares] ♪ 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 