T@gged: Season 1, Episode 5 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 T@gged 
 s1e5 - #Rememberme - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 T@gged (2016–…): Season 1, Episode 5 - #Rememberme - full transcript 
 With no other choice, but to loop in Elisia's drug dealer ex-boyfriend, Ash, on their secret, the girls make a desperate plan to save their friend before it's too late. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 - Previously on "T@gged"... - How do you know the girl from the video? ASH: They call her Raven. You know, I think she might be homeless. She's always begging for change. - Check this out. There's a reflection of the shooter in the car window. - It's a monkey mask. Whose pills are these? - They're Brie's. ROWAN: I gave my dad Brie's pills, so he's probably sending her back to Hope First. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 - You ratted her out? Ow! - You are seriously such a little bitch. [tense music] - Stop! You need to stop! What are you doing? - I can't stop thinking about you. - Wait. ROWAN: Well, my dad's not gonna be home tomorrow. JAKE: I want you. ROWAN: I want you, too. - Hey. - Hi. - Well, at least he's your age. [suspenseful music] ♪ ♪ 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 [overlapping chatter] [tense music] ♪ ♪ Ash? Ash. ♪ [groaning, coughing] ♪ [dramatic music] ♪ NICKI: I tagged you guys. [sirens] [indistinct radio chatter] WOMAN: You said you recognize the victim? Don't go anywhere because we might have some more questions for you. - Okay. ♪ - Oh, shit, it's my dad. - Monkeyman was there, Rowan. I'm not kidding, he was standing right above me. And I started screaming, and then these dudes came over, and I-- I ran off when they weren't looking. - Did the cops see you? - I got a message, and it said, "Your turn." Do you think he's gonna kidnap me? - What the hell is going on down there? - It's that girl, Raven. They found her body. - Damn. Here, these will help. - I don't want 'em. - Well, great, cool. Good for you. But you texted me, so pay up. - Those pills weren't for Brie, were they? - Rowan, stop, please. Great. You didn't text me earlier, did you? - Nah, I was just headed to your house right now. - I had a text earlier that said to meet me here. I was so out of it that I didn't even realize it wasn't from you. - Well, who was it? - Monkeyman. [tense music] - Dad. - Rowan. What the hell you doing here? - Those pills aren't Brie's. - Do you know anything about this? Did you see anything? - Nope, I just saw your cruiser, and I needed to tell you that the pills aren't Brie's. - I know. The clinic told me she's clean. Do you-- do you hang out here? I don't understand what you're doing here. - Brie's home? Did she tell you anything? - Fricks. - Don't go anywhere. Stand right here. Actually, you know what, I want you to sit in my car. I have something I gotta finish, then I'm gonna drive you home. [suspenseful music] ♪ - I'll stop taking them, I promise. - I didn't tell him they were yours. - I should have told you. I'm sorry about Brie. I didn't want that to happen to her. - Hey, it doesn't even matter now. Now we know that Monkeyman is a killer. Hailey, a real killer. We have to check on Elisia. ♪ [knocking] Elisia? [dog barking distantly] ♪ [rattling] ♪ [clattering, dog barking distantly] ♪ - Where is she? ♪ - Hi. - The power went out. - Yeah. - Do you think he cut the power? All of a sudden, the lights went out. What's wrong? - She's dead. The girl in the video is actually dead. He shot her. - Monkeyman killed her. It's real. [tense music] ♪ [gunshot on video] ♪ [gunshot on video] - Hey. - Hey. There's something I need to show you. - Okay. [gunshot] - I told my mom I was sleeping over at your place, Rowan. And she's so gullible. - I don't see anyone. You guys should stay here for a while, though... in case he cut the power. In case he's out there. - The timer's down to 47 hours. Two days. - Then what happens? - That'll be Saturday. Nicki's having a party. ROWAN: Not interested. - Not invited. - We should probably stay at home anyways, to be safe. - I don't feel safe at home. Do you? [cell phone chimes] [tense music] ♪ - It's just Nicki. - Do you guys think Monkeyman could be a girl? - Let's go over everything we know. - You have a pill problem, that's one thing we know. Yeah, that-- that's her secret. - I knew it. I saw you buy from Ash. ROWAN: She knew? She knew. Everyone knew but me. - Well, you know what? You're judgey. And you have a big mouth. - What? - I asked you not to tell Brandon. - Dude, you told me to stand up for myself. - Your turn, Rowan. Time to share. How do you know my cousin? - Someone left this note for me on my locker. - Monkeyman? - Why would Monkeyman want to meet at a donut shop after the spirit assembly? - I don't know. Soemone also wrote "Die bitch" on the mirror at school. - It's normal, everyday high school. - Normal? Would you do that? HAILEY: Rowan. [phones chime] [suspenseful music] ♪ ♪ - Pom-poms? - The spirit assembly. What if he's gonna bring these guns to school? He said it's my turn. We can't go. - No, we have to go. No, we have to-- We have to warn people, Hailey. Call a bomb threat. Do something. [phone rings] Oh, sh-- It's my dad. I have to go. ♪ Elisia. Why do you have this? [tense music] - I-I don't know where that came from. I swear! ROWAN: Sure. HAILEY: What happened to your parents, Elisia? - What? - We know that they died when your house burned down. Why didn't you tell us the truth? - Ash bought me some candles as a joke. A way to channel the anger, he said. I was always setting things on fire. Used to love to watch something burn. My friends came over to my house one night about a year ago. I-I snuck out and... I left all the candles burning. It was my fault. - Is that why you-- - It's always been something with me. It's like I used to set fires to feel better, and then after, you know, my house, my parents, I started partying to blow off steam, and-and Ash was always trying to get me to stop, but I wouldn't. And then, uh... something happened and I-- I had to stop drinking and stuff. - What happened that made you stop drinking? - I got way too drunk and high one night, and I woke up at that motel in Southview, facedown. And then the first thing I saw were my shoes, like, ten feet away and I-- I couldn't figure out why they were over there. And then I saw my jeans, just crumpled up next to my shoes. And this guy was behind me. If someone hadn't stopped him, I-- So I-I don't-- I don't do anything anymore. A razor is just for me, you know? No one else gets caught up in it. - What happened with your parents wasn't your fault. - The cops think someone did it on purpose. One of these days they're gonna realize it was me. - No. - But it was my fault. - Monkeyman knows, doesn't he? About the fire. ELISIA: I think so, yeah. ROWAN: He wants us to figure out who he is. He's kept us alive for this long because he wants us to know. ELISIA: Who could it be? ROWAN: My guess is Brandon. He's a dick. HAILEY: What about Jake? - No way. - No. - I don't really know, though. - It's not Jake. He's slept on the couch for a year so I can have a room. - Everyone's a suspect. - What about your sister-- Brie, right? I mean, she's super weird. - Come on. - She could easily hack her way into every app. - Are you serious? - I'm with Ro on this one. It's not--it's not Brie. - You said everyone's a suspect. - What about Ash, then? - You don't know him. - He seems kind of like a loser. - Rowan! Stop! - Hailey! - Do you know what it's like to live on the street? - No. - Don't talk about him. Do you want to put my name on this list, Ro? [phone rings] - It's my dad. I have to go. - Wow. This has been fun. - You're still staying at my house, right? - You're gonna have to face your dad on your own. I can't-- Are you gonna be okay here by yourself? [suspenseful music] ♪ [indistinct radio chatter] [knocking] [knocking continues] [WOMAN] ♪ I want you so bad - What are you-- [WOMAN] ♪ I want you ♪ I want you so bad ♪ I want you ♪ I want you so bad ♪ I want you ♪ I want you so bad ♪ I want you ♪ ♪ Quick it comes rushing ♪ I love the feelings ♪ I keep ♪ Searching ♪ In my phone ♪ For the message ♪ And there you are ♪ Naked ♪ Laying in the morning spotlight ♪ ♪ All the flowers you've collected there ♪ ♪ Suspended ♪ In the air ♪ ♪ I let go [tense music] ♪ [phone chimes] ♪ 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 