Green Lantern: The Animated Series: Season 1, Episode 24 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Green Lantern: The Animated Series 
 s1e24 - Scarred - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Green Lantern: The Animated Series (2011–2013): Season 1, Episode 24 - Scarred - full transcript 
 The Green Lanterns pick up a Guardian of the Universe, who has been disfigured and is acting very strangely. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Captioning made possible by warner bros. Animation - Previously on "green lantern"... - I now understand that the best thing I can do for the universe Is to eliminate all life. - She's vaporizing star systems now. If we can't get her to listen to sense, We might not have a choice but to-- - Do what? Kill her? - This thing has now become more dangerous Than the manhunter and anti-monitor threats combined. Congratulations, 2814, you're outdone yourself. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 - Please. Blame is irrelevant and unproductive. We need to find a way to stop the threat at hand. - Wait a minute. Didn't the guardians create aya? If anyone knows how to turn her off, it'd be you. - Turn her off? - In order to fix her. - We are well aware of that fact, 2814. The guardian who constructed aya was our science director. I believe you stood idly by While the anti-monitor killed her. - What about her records? Did she leave anything behind That would allow us to reboot aya? - It appears the science director kept no records whatsoever 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 About aya or anything else. - Are you sure you looked everywhere, Uncovered every stone? We can help with the investigation. - That will not be necessary. The council no longer requires your assistance in this matter. You got us into this petal, 2814, But it will be the guardians who get us out. - Appa, don't do this. You're making a huge mistake. - You are dismissed. - Then it's hopeless. - Not necessarily. This isn't the first time the guardians have kicked me off an assignment. Right, kilowog? - Oh, boy. How do I let you talk me into these things, jordan? - Because I'm the best and brightest recruit you've ever had. - And evidently the most delusional. - Act casual. - [whistles] - There it is, the science director's quarters. - That hole in the wall? I always thought that was a bathroom. - I can usually pop a lock with a credit card. Usually. - Here, let me try mine. [grunts] - The guardians couldn't locate her records. What makes you think we'll find them strewn around her chamber? - One, I hid my lantern battery in a smelly locker for years Before my boss every found out. Two, I'm out of ideas. Look for anything that could help-- Journals, notebooks. Very cool. - It looks like an exact model of the system. - Not quite. These planets are out of alignment. - Thank you, kilowog's ocd. [alarm sounds] - Warning. Guardian quarters have been breached. - Jordan. - What kind of a weirdo builds a secret underground layer Filled with advanced tech like this? - Someone who wants to hide something. - What do you think that is? - Weird. Our rings are supposed to translate anything, But it can't seem to decipher this. - That's because it's written in ancient malthusian, Our sacred language. - This isn't exactly what it looks like. - It looks like you've broken into a guardian's personal living space And discovered a hidden inner sanctum. - Then I guess it's exactly what it looks like. - You have done well, hal jordan. I believe you have discovered the science director's journal. Nothing. There is no information about aya at all here. - Wait. My malthusian stinks, but I can read a map. These looks like coordinates. - Very astute, hal jordan. That is correct. - But why write it in a language almost nobody understands? What was she hiding? - Do not try to escape. I know you're down there. Green lanterns caught trespassing Into guardian's living quarters Will be court-martialed and placed in a science cell. Prepare to be locked away for a very, very long time. Sayd? - We should be looking for aya, Not rushing to some random location. We don't even know what we'll find there. - I know a clue when I see one. - Dropping out of ultrawarp now. Welcome to the planetoid vorga. Would you like me to conduct a tour of the planetoid vorga? There are thousands of sedimentary rock layers indigenous to-- - Lanos, would you do me a favor and shut up? - Happy to be of service. - [growls] [growls] [all growling] - Wait a minute. Is it me or are those asteroids moving at us? - It's a tight squeeze, yeah, But don't worry, I'm a trained professional. - Lanos, you're supposed to warn us about hostiles. - Previously you asked me to shut up. I successfully executed your orders. - We need more speed. - Warning. Hostiles now devouring my tail. This is contrary to normal operating parameters. - Got to shake them off. - Or better yet, take them with me. - How could you know that they would burn off in the atmosphere? - Instinct, razer. Pure instinct. - Which means he had no clue at all. - None whatsoever. - Honing in on coordinates. There. - Stay alert. There's no telling what other surprises could be out there. You in the shadows. No reason to be afraid. We're green lanterns sent here on an urgent mission. - I know who you are. - You? We thought you were dead. - Not dead... Merely scarred. - I've been expecting you. - But we saw the anti-monitor blast you into space dust. - Eons ago, the guardians possessed tremendous power-- Telepathy, teleportation. We dared think ourselves as gods. But after the great folly that brought forth the anti-monitor, The council thought it best to permanently block our powers. - But you never did. - And you should be grateful. Had I not confronted the anti-monitor, We'd have all been vaporized. When I knew I was outmatched, I teleported to this safe haven, Almost unscathed. - Well, once we get back to oa, I'm sure they can-- - No. The guardians would not welcome my return. Besides, I can do more to stop the anti-monitor Unencumbered by the council. - About that, The good news is the anti-monitor had its head blown off. - Excellent. - Yeah. The bad news is it was aya who did it, Right after switching off her emotions And going bat guano nuts. - And right before using the anti-monitor's body To start vaporizing star systems herself. - Do you now finally understand why you should never Have prevented me from deactivating her? - I... We didn't know what she was capable of. - Of course not. How could a mind such as yours Anticipate that which I myself failed to see? The guardians tasked me to create an artificial intelligence That could understand and empathize with emotional beings Rather than destroy them like the manhunters. The challenge was nearly impossible, even for me. I devised the most sophisticated computer ever created. And yet it was still only a machine. It required something more. I developed a theory. All that was missing was the spark of life. Unbeknownst to anyone, I extracted a portion of the entity Dwelling inside the central battery. - Hold on. There's something living in the central battery? - Few know of its existence. A creature that embodies the very essence of willpower And fuels the entire green lantern corps. I required but a sliver of that being To complete my experiment. I was right, of course. And alas, what you call aya was born. - Query. Is anyone there? - I'm here. Welcome to existence. She was an impressive creation. But there was a problem. [rapid beeping] What are you doing? I forbade you to upload data without my permission. You will stop immediately. - I require information to understand the universe and myself. - I am your creator. And I order you to stop. - I have even accessed your files, creator. According to the records, the guardians blocked their innate powers eons ago, Yet you never did. Why? - The same spark of life which allowed her to comprehend emotion Had also developed curiosity and freewill. Something had to be done. Aah! - Negative. I will not allow you to deactivate me. - Uhh! Ahh! I was forced to wipe her memory, Then blocked her emotions from her logic processing unit, Rendering her emotional capabilities inert. - You firewalled her feelings. - And then installed her in the "interceptor" as the navcom. - The vessel required a sophisticated system. I could not have foreseen that exposure to your crew Would render my fail-safes inoperative. - This is good news. You're telling us that aya is actually alive. If her essence came from a living being, Then aya is a living being. We can reactivate her emotions, appeal to her. - It might be possible. But we would need something to enable us to get close enough Without being killed. - Hey, wait a minute, that's it. What's the one thing that depowers a green lantern's ring? - Orrum. - Exactly. Back on the spider guild prism, She could hardly stand up around the stuff. - Perhaps together we could construct a warhead. - A bomb? We're not going to kill her. She's alive. - Of course not. We'll use a missile to disperse enough orrum To paralyze her upon impact. - Think of it as a giant tranquilizer dart. I like it. - Unfortunately, orrum is one of the rarest elements in this universe. It would require an enormous quantity to confront the a.I. - Lady, this is your lucky day. - I feel for the kid. Can't be using building a bomb to use against the love of your life. - Tranquilizer dart. Remember? - This is the last batch. It seems like a lot. Are you sure this won't destroy her? - I did not become the science director of oa By making miscalculations. Do you want your aya back, or do you not? The reconion shell will block the orrum's effect On both the ship and yourselves. - There's just one last problem. How do we find her? - That will not be as difficult as you may believe. - Oh. - It appears the a.I. Hasn't detected us. She's focusing solely on converting that matter to energy. - Let's get this done. Razer? - Keep her distracted until we can move into position. - Poor kid. - Aya. You need to stop, aya. You're tearing this system apart. - I am making the universe a more stable environment. It is necessary. - Move close enough to ensure accuracy. We can't afford to miss. - How can you say this wanton destruction And loss of life is acceptable? - You are operating under a false assumption While making an emotional appeal to a nature I do not possess. - But you do, aya. You did care once. And I know you can again. - I will not reverse my development. Emotions produce pain. Pain is undesirable. Therefore all pain and emotions should not exist. - Pain lets us know we are alive. - Your statement proves that life is an error Which must be corrected. - Aya, you need to know something, Something I learned about your existence. - Hurry, before she suspects. - Just a few more seconds. Razer isn't out of blast radius yet. - How unfortunate. - What are you doing? Razer, get out of there! You never meant to stop her. That missile had enough explosive to rip a planet in half. - I knew you didn't have the strength to do what was needed. - Why, you little lyin'-- - Spare me your emotional sanctimony. Aya is too powerful to exist. You know this but would have done nothing. I have saved countless lives. - And razer? - Inconsequential. A necessary sacrifice. - [grunts] - You dare! - Are you crazy? [groaning] - You delude yourself. I am a guardian. I am the heir to power, The likes of which you cannot fathom. You are a brief candle upon this plane, A wee mortal. You know nothing. - [groans] - You tried to kill me. - Aya, that was never the plan. We only hoped to--aah! - [groaning] - Last words? - Brace yourself. - Uhh! Aah! - [grunts] We have to get out of here. - On the contrary. I have to get out of here. - [grunts] I'm sorry, aya. - Initiating ultrawarp protocols. - Soon all organic life will be less than a memory, As will you. - You should get to a safe distance. I can take it from here. - Good-bye, lanos. - No! - [groans] What happened? - You killed her! Aah! [both grunting] - No. No, I didn't. If that missile didn't kill her, The ultrawarp won't either. All I did was buy us some time. - Does it matter? We've lost her. - Chin up, kid. All we lost was the battle, Not the war. Be glad we're alive to fight another day. - Another day. If we don't figure out how to stop aya soon, There won't be many of those left. Captioning made possible by warner bros. Animation Captioned by the national captioning institute --www.Ncicap.Org-- 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 