Green Lantern: The Animated Series: Season 1, Episode 20 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Green Lantern: The Animated Series 
 s1e20 - Cold Fury - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Green Lantern: The Animated Series (2011–2013): Season 1, Episode 20 - Cold Fury - full transcript 
 A horde of Manhunters gives chase as our heroes' hope runs thin. Their will is truly tested as they prepare for an inevitable face-off against the unstoppable Anti-Monitor - a battle for the lives of everyone in the galaxy. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 ~ Previously on "Green Lantern"... ~ Sync & corrections: Reef www.addic7ed.com - Aahh! - Aya! Season 1, Episode 20: "Cold Fury" Manhunters are matching our speed, Anti-Monitor a little behind him. We're going to need to arc up the ultra warp drives to lose 'em. So do it already! Head of State here, precious cargo. Quiet, Zox. Now that we're all here, we leave. Razer, where's Aya? - She's gone. - What do you mean, "Aya's gone"? 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 I mean, she's gone. - Where is she? - She's dead! She came out of the ship to rescue me and that thing killed her! You mean "her body's gone"? Right. She probably downloaded back into the ship. Aya? Aya! It was too far to do that. She's dead. - She was just a kid. - What were you doing so far away? I ordered you back to the ship! You think this is my fault? Then say that! Don't mince words. Say that! One time! Stop! We have no time for this. Though you cannot see it at this moment, 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 the A.I.'s death is not an entirely negative event. What she means is, we can mourn Aya later. Razer. I'm talkin'. Look here! I need you to run diagnostics in the engine room. I need that now. You should watch your wording. I must inform the Council of what has transpired. I need to make a call, too. I never saw this coming. I wish I could tell you to take a day off to clear your head, but we need you right now. Aya isn't the first crew member we've lost, and you can be darn sure she won't be the last. Then let's make sure it wasn't for nothing. Manhunters, as far as the eye can see. The green lunkheads don't know what they're doing, and that creepy blue troll kid just sits idly by as I'm forced to endure Jordan's recklessness?! Unacceptable! What will you have me do, Prime Magistrate? Send in the big guns. We have a problem. The bad guys have managed to speed up. They're gaining on us! So without Aya and the ultra warp... We get caught by the tail in less than an hour. What course of action do you propose? You said Krona banished the Anti-Monitor to another dimension. Can you do that? Krona had access to powers and abilities we Guardians no longer possess. We've got to think of something. Is there any other way? Stop the ship. Is there more to your plan? She's gone space simple. Just eject her out the air lock. Green Lantern Jordan, you will accompany me. The rest of you, stay here. Anytime...! You can begin your wise and effective plan anytime now. Stop! Negative. Your programming supersedes obedience to the Guardians. I am of those who created you. The Manhunters will obey the Guardians. What the nudge was that?! What happened to "powers and abilities we Guardians no longer possess"? The Guardians once possessed incredible power. But we locked it away after establishing the Core. It has taken time to re-tap these abilities so foolishly cast aside. Thousands of years. But slowly, I master them again. It would not matter if you had a thousand millenia. The Manhunters serve me now. Time has passed your kind by, Guardian. Your creator was Krona. He was a Guardian, as am I. Obey me! I was there when you were nothing. And I can turn you back into the nothingness from which you came! The Guardian race will be buried soon enough, but you die now. I can't move. Witness as I cast out your friends. No! We're loose. But how? The reinforcements that I demanded have finally arrived. Keep firing at that monstrosity! Fire the Liberators! Your pitiful efforts are nothing to me. Behold the definition of true power. No... - Zox, order your men to evacuate. - And abandon Shard? Never! In a few minutes, there's not going to be a Shard! All Red Lanterns, to escape vehicles! Repeat... all Red Lanterns, run away! It's going to take a while to break down that fortress. We should use that time to get out of here. This is all your fault! We were humiliated out there! Nothing can stop that thing. We're doomed! Enough! Kilowog, take the controls. Push the ship as fast as she'll go, given the circumstances. - Right. I'm on it. - And you... You need to contact Ysmault, Prime Magistrate. Tell them to warm up everything they got, because once the Anti-Monitor is done with Shard, it's coming for them. Your people are counting on you, Zox, and there is not a lot of time. Do you share my opinion that the sweet embrace of death would be welcome today? No, I do not. After Ilana was killed, I had nothing left. I lost the will to go on. But you survived. I knew if I just gave up, Ilana would disapprove. Well, Aya wouldn't approve, either. Or she'd at least tell you why your logic was faulty. In fact... What in the name of Framad's turquoise exit vent was that? Whatever it is, it's heading for the lower ramp. Aya? You're alive! I... I can't believe it! Thank you, Green Lantern Hal. I am also pleased to see you again. All of you. Impossible... You look a little different. What happened? When I was critically damaged, I was too far away to upload into the Interceptor's computer banks. I managed to transfer into a disabled Manhunter's CPU. I could not communicate, however. So I followed the ship as best I could until I caught up. I can't believe it. You're all right! Don't scare us like that again. I will endeavor not to, Green Lantern Hal. Aya, we've got the Manhunters and the Anti-Monitor headed toward Ysmault. We need to get ahead of them and coordinate with their planetary defenses. - Can you help? - It should not be a problem. But it would be helpful if Red Lantern Razer would assist me. Of course. The Manhunters must have ruptured the flow valves to the impellers. Can you repair them? Directing energy to affected systems. Rebuilding. The damage is considerable. I see that. When I last saw you, you said you loved me. I... Did. Is my appearance disconcerting? I believe I can rectify that problem. Since my unfortunate meeting with Atrocitus, I've created a supply of spare parts for myself. There. This is better, correct? I... In my studies of emotion, it seems a great deal of what is called "love" is predicated on how one looks. That is... Incorrect. Sometimes. True love... Is different. I am unsure how to process this. I require more information. What type of love do you have for me, true love, or some other love? I do not love you, at all. I cannot. That is not consistent with your actions and what you stated recently. I... I believe I was confused because of the form you've taken. I thought... believed... that I was feeling... Love. But if I do, it's not for you. It's for the memory of my dear Ilana. You may have built yourself in her image, but you are not her. You are just a machine. And I can never love you. I am so sorry. Processing... Processing... Processing... Zox, your flagship is waiting at the coordinates you asked. Rally your troops and we'll stop the Anti-Monitor in its tracks. Well, don't think it hasn't been a little slice of heaven, because it hasn't. Brots be with you in the coming battle. Razer does not love me. Wh-what? Oh. Razer confessed his love before I was severely damaged. But now that I've returned, he says he does not love me. Oh, boy. Thoughts of Razer and his lack of love for me are taking up much of my computing power. Something is wrong. I am not operating within my normal parameters. That happens. When I think about the times I've messed up with Carol and the times I've hurt her... - But why did you hurt her? - I didn't mean to. I never do. - And Razer didn't mean to hurt you. - But he is the cause. The moment replays in my memory banks on an endless loop. I believe it is causing me what you would call "pain". I do not want to feel this. Buckle up, Jordan, here they come. Aya, I promise we'll talk about this all you want afterwards. Right now, we have a job to do. But right now I cannot perform to the best of my abilities. When will my pain end, Green Lantern Hal? When? Sometimes it doesn't, but that's the chance we all take when we choose to care about someone. It's a part of growing up, Aya. - Power regulators set at max levels. - In position for area denial fire. I promise we'll talk after. Failing's ghost targeting system engaged. Let's set that to Manhunter. Stand ready. Here they come. Fire at will. Fire at will! Razer... Aya, we have much to speak of, but now is not a good time. No, it is not. What would you do if emotions were interfering with your performance? Simple. I only think of the job at hand. I shut down everything else. "Shut down everything else." Aya! What's the matter? Get back to your station! That will not enable us to survive this encounter. I know what must be done. What is that supposed to mean? Aya, where are you going?! Now what?! Aya! What are you doing? You cannot comprehend what I am doing. I am now operating at super-peak capacity, as I have discontinued all non-essential functions. - Define "non-essential functions." - I have shut down all emotion. Don't worry. I will accomplish our primary objective. I will destroy the Anti-Monitor. Aya, wait! What happened? Aya happened. That's not Aya. Razer's right. She doesn't know what she's doing. Aya, stand down! The Red Lanterns are on our side! I think she knows what she's doing, Jordan, But doesn't care. She did it. She actually did it. Aya, are you all right? What are you doing? It's not safe. I do not see why you would be concerned about the safety of a mere machine, Razer. Please, Aya, come back here with us. Do you think that I am a robot slave to be ordered about by you? That's not what he's saying. You don't seem well. - As if you care about my kind. - You're talkin' crazy, Aya. You just saved everyone. We're thankful. Now, let's destroy the rest of these Manhunters and get out of here! You will not harm them. They are foolish children doing as they were told. They are not to blame. They function without emotion, as I do now. I shall be their Queen. I will decide what becomes of them. Calm down, Aya. Something's wrong with you. Incorrect. For the first time, everything is working properly. But you, all of you, are flawed, driven by your emotions. You cause only pain and suffering. I reject you and your kind. I reject you all. Sync & corrections: Reef www.addic7ed.com 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 