Green Lantern: The Animated Series: Season 1, Episode 23 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Green Lantern: The Animated Series 
 s1e23 - Larfleeze - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Green Lantern: The Animated Series (2011–2013): Season 1, Episode 23 - Larfleeze - full transcript 
 The Interceptor crew nabs the legendary Orange Lantern of Avarice, held by the space robber Larfleeze. But Hal starts to be affected by its power... 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 www.titlovi.com ~ Previously on "Green Lantern"... ~ Season 1, Episode 23: "Larfleeze" Aya... What are you doing? And then you not only interrupted the disassembly of the Interceptor's AI, but stole it from our facilities, allowed it reassemble itself. then let it run rampant as if it were a living being. So let it be recorded in The Book of Oa that these dark days have been largely brought about by the actions of Honor Guard 2814, also known as Hal Jordan of Earth. How did he say all that without taking a breath? 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Your AI, Aya, as you refer to it, is operating irrationally and has melded itself to the Anti-Monitor, one of the greatest threats in Guardian history. What do you have to say for yourself? This is my fault, and I will make it right. As soon as you get a fix on Aya's location, we can go talk... Absolutely not. We're uploading a patch to your CPU that will enable you to use your ultra warp drives. You will have to learn to install it. After installation, you sHall return immediately to Oa. And then? What's the plan? The Council will decide how to end the universe-threatening menace you created, but end it we will. That is all. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 For someone with no base emotions, he manages to get some really good digs in. I don't think Appa and the Guardians are making the right call. Aya's still in there, I know it. If we could just talk with her... And what if she attacks while we're trying to make nice-nice? We can't overlook that possibility. We'd need a way to hold her back; if only long enough to talk some sense into her. What we need is a game changer. What about The Orange Energy? You've never heard of the legend of The Orange Lanterns? Keep going... Ages ago, a race of conquerors obsessed with possessing the galaxy harnessed a powerful Orange Energy. Their battery was said to exert a strange influence, so only warriors with a strong sense of duty were chosen. These Orange Lanterns brought Atrocitus to a standstill. Must be pretty potent stuff to let you go toe to toe with Atrocitus. Yes. It was the only sector of Frontier Space he hadn't conquered. But then, almost overnight, The Orange Lanterns disappeared and were never heard from again. According to legend, their home world was reputed to be... Ocara. This power, why hasn't anyone else looked for it? Many have. None returned. - Of course. - We're running out of options. We'll fly to Ocara and try to find this Orange Power. Then we can deal with Aya. If you don't mind, I'll be in my quarters. He's really hurting. Jordan, what if we can't turn Aya back from whatever she's become? What if we have to... Put her down? I've begun downloading the Guardian's software patch. Which gives us just enough time to poke around. We should split up. We'll cover more ground that way. - Keep an eye on him. - Got ya. Hey, Red, wait up. Ugh, this planet gives me the creeps. - You mind if we stick together? - If you wish. I found a tunnel on the west side. Going to investigate. Let us know if you find anything. - How are you holding up, kid? - "Holding up"? Yeah, I mean, with all the stuff that's been happening. Aya? Uh, I thought you might want to talk. I am not a Bolovaxian hatchling that requires mothering. - I'm trying to be nice to you! - Your unwanted sympathy is duly noted. It's your fault we're even in this mess. - If you hadn't have... - Don't you think I know that?! Whatever Aya is, whatever she's become, is because of me! And should anyone be harmed, the blame is mine. Uh, look, kid, I got hot. It ain't really your fault. I mean, maybe she's got a virus, somethin'. She does something crazy, you can't hold yourself... Shouldn't he have checked in by now? [sighs] Jordan, report. Jordan...! [water dripping] Ohh! What is that smell? [indistinct whispering] Is someone there? My name's Hal Jordan and I'm a Green Lantern. I am not here to harm you. [gags] We also have gifts of free soap. There it is... Game changer. I didn't realize it would be so... Beautiful. That's mine! Who are you? Come out and I'll explain why I need this. Words are cheap. There are none you can trade me for my battery. Are you part of The Orange Lantern Core? I'm Larfleeze, And I am The Orange Lantern Core! - Where are the rest of you? - They aren't around anymore. Look, I'm only borrowing your battery. I'll give it right back. Liar! That's what everyone says! The Universe is in great danger. We can use your... We can use its help. I need this Orange Battery to save everyone, then I'll give it... No, no, I won't. Why am I even explaining this to you? It's mine now. [creatures hissing] [truck horn honking] [electricity crackling] I am the keeper of The Orange Lantern! And whoever tries to take it from me will die! - Boy, am I glad to see you two. - More thieves! Do you know what happens to thieves here? You're the thief! You killed The Orange Lantern Core and stole their power battery. It never belonged to you. Liar! It's mine, mine, mine, mine, mine! He's insane. We don't have time for this. Take him out. [growling and groaning] - Jordan, you OK? - Of course I am. Good job, you two. Now let's take this beautiful thing back to the ship and get the heck off this planet. Razer, go check if the AI is running. I just wanted to tell you I tried to have a little talk with the kid. - Yeah? How'd it go? - I couldn't bring it up. He's blaming himself, and it wasn't the time to mention, "Oh, and we might have to destroy your girlfriend." Well, don't worry about it. Now that I have this, we might not have to hurt her. This battery has so much power. I think it can do anything. What's up, Hal? You seem a little... off. I'm not. The software patch is fully integrated with the ship CPU. It should be online. Greetings and salutations. I am Lanos, the light speed astronomical navigation operating system. How can I serve you today? - Ayyy. - What? "Lame-o." - I will need more information. - More information, accessing. The crintel beast has five brains, two of which are located in its buttocks. Lame-o. I understand now. That is hilarious. All right, Jordan. Let's fire up those impelas and shoot back to Guardian turf, stat. Wouldn't pre-flight go faster if you pushed a button or something? How about keeping your eyes on what you're supposed to be doing? Fine with me. The sooner we leave, the sooner we can use our new secret power to help Aya. What do you mean, "our secret power"? The Orange Lantern is mine... All mine! - Something's not right. - Ya think? Stay back! You're both against me. Trying to double team me! You can't have it. - It's mine! - Hal! I won't let you take my Lantern! What the noits just happened?! The ship's Captain turned orange, attacked you, then exited the vessel. This way. I believe we learned what powers the orange light. Just as Green Energy is formed by willpower and Red by anger, it seems The Orange Energy is fueled by avarice. You got to be kidding me! After all we've been through, he's been taken over by a greedy, Orange Lantern?! Thieves! You stole my shiny, and now you're going to pay with your lives! Eat 'em up, Globulous. Eat 'em up! No! You popped my Globulous! Aah! [grunting] You better slink off to that dump you call home before you get hurt! [growling] I need it, I need it! I need it back! Hal Jordan has stolen my Lantern, and now my home, too! I have no place to go! Heartbreaking. Then let us put you out of your misery. Wait! Stop! Razer, stand down. Let's talk for a bit. You want your Orange Battery back, right? Fact is, me and Razer, we want you to have it. You do? Really? No, it's a trick! We want you to take your Battery back. It's hurting our friend. So we'll make you a deal... We'll help each other for today. - At the end, you get... - I get my orange shiny! - It's mine! Mine, mine! - Right, you get your "orange shiny". - And we get our friend back. - Oh, I don't know if that's a fair deal. What else will you give me for your friend? - This is pointless. - You're pointless! What are you doing? Go get my Orange Battery from your friend! Oh, we're in no rush if we don't have a deal. [grunting] OK, fine, it's a deal! I get my Lantern and you take your dumb friend back. Didn't even want him! And don't even think about stealing any of my stuff! Mine... [groaning] He's touching my stuff. I can feel it. He's touching, touching, touching my stuff! Stop touching my stuff! It's mine! Mine, mine, mine, mine, mine! Everything is mine! Get a hold of yourself! Would you look at all this. If it isn't my old friends, Kilowog and Razer. Easy, Jordan. Your melon's being scrambled by that thing. The Orange Light's power comes from greed. You need to get rid of that Battery before it destroys you. Never! The Orange Battery is mine now. It will always be mine! Ahhh! - Let go! - You let go! [both grunting] You're all thieves, and you'll all pay! Jordan, this isn't you! We have a mission! [grunting] Aaah! [groaning] [growling] Give me back my shiny! [both grunting] Holy Grut. [grunting] Hey, it might not be her. We don't know for sure that it's her. I know. It's her. [growling] What's happening? Who's stealing my stars? First my Battery, and now someone is stealing my stars! It's my battery, and my stars! Who's taking them? Now focus. Remember, Aya is destroying those suns. - Aya? - Yes, Aya. She's now a threat to everyone in the Universe. This Battery has twisted your sense of duty, turning it into greed! [flies buzzing] - You've got to fight it! - I... Have a mission. Can't let this Battery... Interfere! [panting] We can't stop Aya without you. Come on, Hal, fight it! [flies buzzing] Can't turn my back on friends. Can't leave the job... Undone! I will... Give up this Battery! I can do this. I...Will... Let... Go! [gasping] [gasping] My shiny! Oh, my shiny! Oh, how I've missed you! - Good to have you back, buddy. - Good to be back. Larfleeze... We're sorry. We're not here to steal. Well, I guess we were, but we were wrong. Your Battery can't help us, so we're leaving. We promise not to take anything. [grunts] You're not the worst guest I've ever had, and you did give me back my shiny. Maybe this one time you deserve something. [flies buzzing] Eh, have a safe trip. Razer, you know we want to save Aya, but without any help from the Orange Battery, we're back to square one. - So? - She's vaporizing star systems now. If we can't get her to listen to sense, - ...we might not have a choice but... - Do what? Kill her? Our friend and crew mate, who all of us owe our lives to? Not kill her. Just deactivate her. She's not Aya anymore! Who are you to make that judgment? We can get through to her! We can bring her back! I'm sorry, kid. She's a monster that can't be saved. Jordan, help me out here. I would, but Razer does have a point. After all, I turned into a monster... And you, guys, saved me. Preuzeto sa www.titlovi.com 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 