The Jetsons: Season 1, Episode 2 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 The Jetsons 
 s1e2 - A Date with Jet Screamer - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 The Jetsons (1962–1963): Season 1, Episode 2 - A Date with Jet Screamer - full transcript 
 Judy enters a song writing contest and wins a date with Jet Screamer, much to George's chagrin. That evening he follows his daughter and the flamboyant rock star to the concert hall where ... 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Meet George Jetson His boy, Elroy Daughter, Judy Jane, his wife Well, here we go again. Another night, another traffic jam. Boy, this spaceway traffic gets worse every night. Hey, looks like an opening up ahead! There's another one. Space hog! I better cut around and try and slide in. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Sunday astronaut! Hey, you! What do you think this is, the Indianapolis 500,000? All right, all right. Pull up. - What's your name, speedy? - George J. Jetson. George Jetson, eh? Well, Georgie, let's see what we got here. - Passing under traffic. - Yeah. - 3500 in a 2500-mile zone. - It's true. - Et cetera, et cetera. - I didn't see the ''et cetera.'' Well, watch it. I'll call you back, Mother, as soon as I finish my housework. - George will be home any minute. - All right, dear. - And don't work too hard. - Bye, Mother. Well, I might as well start with the vacuuming. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Now, cut that out. It's always us careful drivers they're after. You try to obey the laws, be courteous, and what do you get? A ticket, every time. I wonder what's keeping George. He's late tonight. Oh, here he comes now. Judy, your father's here. Isn't it about time your friends went home? But, Mom, Jet Screamer is singing on television. You know he's my idol. Well, keep the sound down. He's not your father's idol. I guess that's all those guys have to do, give out tickets. Why aren't they out chasing burglars? What a way to end the day. Why do they always have to pick on me? The third traffic ticket this week. Tickets, tickets, tickets! This is more like it. Hello, honey. Bad day at the office? Yeah. Those three-hour workdays are killing me. Hey, what is it? Chinese New Year? No, dear. It's a meeting of the Jet Screamer Fan Club. - He's on TV. - Oh, not Jet Screamer again. I will not put up with that noise. I want quiet! Daddy, can we have a little quiet, please? We can't hear the music. Quiet, huh? I'll give her quiet. And here he is, the star of the show... ...Jet Screamer! Baby, baby, baby! Everyone out there, turn on the antigravity floor... ...and let's do the Solar Swivel! One antigravity floor coming up. I know a swingin' place yeah Out on the edge of space The band has got a beat Lifts you off your feet You're dancin' in the air But you don't care 'Cause you're doin' a solar swivel hey Beware Swivel in the middle Swivel on the top Swivel on the bottom Never wanna stop Go go swivel swivel swivel... Honey, those kids are gonna kill themselves. But, George, dear, they like to dance to that music. Dance? All they're doing is wearing their clothes out from the inside. And music, you call that music? And, George, when you play your drums... ...Judy doesn't call that music. So you're even. Oh, yeah? I'll take the drums every time. Where are you going? Down to the corner to get some bananas. But you don't eat bananas. I'm not gonna eat them. I'm gonna stuff them in my ears. Swivel in the middle Swivel on the top Swivel on the bottom Never wanna stop Do the swivel Yeah yeah Now you're doin' the swivel Baby baby Oh, my, what a mess. - Have they all gone? - Yep, all gone. Well, that Jet Screamer has got to go too. - Where's Judy? - In her bedroom. Well, we're gonna have a nice little Daddy-to-dame talk. Judy. Just a minute, Dad. Oh, doing your homework, huh? Nope. I'm writing a song lyric. - A song lyric? - That's right. Jet Screamer has a contest. If your song wins, you get to go out with him on a real date. I can't lose, Dad. Listen: Jet Screamer, Screamer Screamer, Screamer, Screamer I'm a dreamer, dreamer Dreamer, dreamer, dreamer When the trumpets blare I wanna run barefoot Through your jet-black Hair, hair, hair, hair Hey, hey, well, don't slip on all that hair oil. - But, Pops! - And don't ''Pops'' me, young lady. Until you get back to doing your homework, no more Jet Screamer tapes... ...no more Jet Screamer pictures and no more Jet screamer anything! Baby, baby, baby! Well, that's one down and one to go. - Honey, where's Elroy? - Oh, he's up at the playground, dear. Elroy, time for dinner. Gee, Pop, do I have to come now? Oh, that kid. Yes, Elroy, it's time to come home. Well, so long, Irving. See you tomorrow. Same time, same sandbox. Well, what took you so long? Oh, we were playing, Dad. All right, hop in the shower, son, and-- Playing what? Writing messages in secret code. See? Oh, let me see that. In secret code means: "Meet me tonight." Dad, that's supposed to be secret. Yeah, yeah. Wait a minute. - Means: "Don't be late." - But, Dad! Come on, suppertime, or ''wham bam bop.'' - What does that mean? - "Wham," if we're late for dinner... ...and "bam," your mother's gonna bop us. - Well, what will it be for dinner tonight? - I want a pizza! - Me too! - All right, to make it unanimous. Okay, one unanimous pizza coming up. Now, let's see. Oh, here's the card. ''Flying sausage pizza.'' Elroy! Can't you wait for the rest of us? Sorry, Mom. It's sure nice to have some peace and quiet for a change. You know, I had a talk with Judy, and that Jet Screamer is finished around here. - That's nice. - Night, Dad. Night, Mom. Can you mail this for me in the morning, please? And thanks! "Jet Screamer Song Writing Contest." George, wouldn't it be funny if she won? Funny? That's all we need. But I am gonna remove all doubts from the matter. George, what are you doing? I'm simply removing Judy's entry and replacing it with Elroy's secret code. But why, dear? Because with stuff like: - We got a guaranteed loser. You get it? - Oh, dear. George, isn't it late for Elroy to be up? Let's see. What time is it? 8:29. - Thank you. - It's all right. Elroy, bedtime. - And how are things in Outer Plutonia? - Not bad. - Glad to hear it. - Elroy! I gotta sign off. Old ''you know who'' is barking. I'll talk to you tomorrow on the 14 MG Y oscilloscopic. Faster, Bobby, can't you? I'm already going over 1000. What's the big hurry? My big chance is coming up on TV tonight. That's what's the big hurry. Judy, what's the rush? They're gonna announce the winner of the contest on The Jet Screamer Show. Oh, Mother, I'm so excited! Judy, honey, you realize the chances are a million to one against you. And now, the exciting announcement for some lucky girl. Remember, Judy, we can't all be winners. And the winner of the Jet Screamer Contest is... ...Miss Judy Jetson! I'm sorry you didn't win, honey-- Judy Jetson? And her prize is a date with Jet Screamer! Baby, baby, baby! And I'd like to sing the winning song called ''Eep Opp Ork Ah-Ah ''... ...which means, ''Meet me tonight. '' - Oh, no, you don't! - Hey, he knows the secret-code message. Mom, I won! I won! I have a date with Jet Screamer tomorrow night! I have a date. I have a d-- - I think I'm gonna faint. - Move over. Make room for me. But, George, "Eep Opp Ork Ah-Ah" ... ...was Judy's idea in the first place, so she won anyway. That's right, Pop. She wrote it for me yesterday. All right, Elroy, go to bed. I don't think Jet Screamer would care too much about going out on a date with Elroy. That's right. He's not my type. - You heard me! - Yeah, I know. ''Elroy, go to bed.'' I still don't like that ''baby, baby, baby'' coming over here. Oh, now, settle down, George. He's probably a little shy. Yeah, a little shy in brains. Well, I've just made up my mind. No date for Judy. Oh, dear. This must be him now. Now, please, George. Please try to be pleasant. Baby, baby, baby, I am here... ...the star of the evening, Jet Screamer! Jane, now listen to me, Jane... ...I want this bunch of phonies out of here right now. Stand by for the television interview. George, how nice. We're going to be on television. I don't care if we're-- Television? Well, I suppose you TV people are always looking for new talent. Yeah, yeah, sure. The rain on the plain Falls mainly in Spain What did you say? The rain on the plain Falls mainly in Spain - I think we got a troublemaker here. - Oh, yeah? Which one? The guy next to me giving Spanish weather reports. - We're on the air! - Good evening, folks! This is Jack Star, bringing you a special treat. The winner of the Jet Screamer Song Contest and her family. But first, Jet Screamer himself! Yeah, baby, baby, baby! The winner and his date for the evening, Judy Jetson! Say something, Judy. And her mother and father. Mr. Jetson, how does it feel to have a famous daughter? - I feel, I feel, I feel... - Thank you. I feel.... Back to the studio for an announcement. - George? George, are you all right? - I feel, I feel, I feel... George, dear? - One more, please. - Smile. Hold it. Hold it! - Hey, Jet, where are you going? - Swiveling, boys. Swiveling. Well, there they go. Yeah, our little Judy with a guy we don't know anything about. - Oh, what's to get excited about? - What's to get excited about? You know the old saying: ''When danger threatens the young, doth not the mother eagle bare her claws?'' An eagle? You're acting more like a cuckoo bird. George, now where are you going? My daughter's gonna have a chaperon whether she likes it or not! Baby, baby, how's about we stop at the Spaceburger drive-in? - Oh, swell. - I never swivel on an empty stomach. Whatever you say, Jet. Sure is a beautiful car you have. Yeah, cars are my hobby. You see, I got six more at home. I hate to eavesdrop, but after all, she is my daughter. What do you do with so many? I like to keep a string of beauties around. Never know when you'll need one. Boy, what nerve! Bragging about all his girls to Judy! Got a different one for each day of the week. Big ones, small ones... ...fast ones, the whole bit. I like to run them in competition with each other. - How thrilling! - How thrilling? You must be the first kid on your block to have a string of seven cars, Jet! Just lucky, I guess. Hang on, baby, I'm gonna put her in high! Cars? He was talking about cars. Two burgers and two Strato-shakes. - You having fun, Judy? - Oh, gosh, am I. Imagine me, out on a date with Jet Screamer. - What's up? - Somebody was peeking in at us. Probably one of my fans. - But this one looked like my father. - Relax, relax. I get them all ages. Next stop, the Fun Pad for a few laughs. Oh, whatever you say, Jet. ''Ride the rocket chute''? Oh, Jet, how exciting. And on the way up, I'll sing you my new number: ''Like, Marry Me on the Moon.'' Marry her on the moon? Follow that rocket! Hey, bud, you can't use this rocket. It's in for repairs. This is where I do my swivel show, baby, baby. ''Baby, baby,'' huh? Well, I'll swivel him. - Teenagers only. How old are you? - Seventeen. Your suit's older than that. All right, all right, I'll tell the truth. I'm 19. All right, all right, blast off. Now, wait a minute, she's my father. I mean, she's my daughter. You can't stop me! I'll try the back way. ''Band entrance.'' It's about time you guys got here. Hurry it up and get on the stage. You're late. Hey, bud. I'll give you 10 bucks to take the night off. Ten bucks? Hey, for 10 bucks, I'll take the week off, man. Baby, baby, you're gonna hear music tonight. Fats Fanjet on the bass. Cool. Cool. Sonny Solar, old hot-licks himself, at the piano. Icy. Icy. - And on the drum-- - Daddy! No, that's supposed to be Boom-Boom Basil. No, it's Daddy. It's my daddy. - What's he doing here? - Well, it's obvious. He's a fan. - Can he play the boom-booms? - No, but he can play the drums, a little. Well, good! Oh, it's gonna be a big night tonight. Hit that curtain! Hold it. Hold it, hold it, hold it! Tune in, swivelers! I got a treat for you, a new song by Judy Jetson! And to keep it in the family, on the drums, her father. Old Spacedust Daddy himself. And we're gonna kick off with a drum solo. Go, go, Boom-Boom! A drum solo? Who? Who, me? Alone? Sure, you! You can do it! - Go get them, Dad! - Zoom, Dad, zoom. Eep Opp Ork Ah-ah Get in this capsule, baby. We are blasting off! Eep Opp Ork Ah-ah Eep Opp Ork Ah-Ah Eep Opp Ork Ah-ah and that means I love you Well now, I took my baby for a ride in space Eep Opp Ork Ah-Ah We met a funny little man with a funny funny face Eep Opp Ork Ah-Ah He taught us both to wail this way Eep Opp Ork Ah-Ah And nobody digs a word we say Eep Opp Ork Ah-Ah Eep Opp Ork Ah-Ah Eep Opp Ork Ah-Ah Eep Opp Ork Ah-Ah And that means I love you Yeah I read my baby loud and clear Eep Opp Ork Ah-Ah She just said I love you dear Eep Opp Ork Ah-Ah Now when I reply the way I do Eep Opp Ork Ah-Ah I just said I love you too Eep Opp Ork Ah-Ah Eep Opp Ork Ah-Ah Eep Opp Ork Ah-Ah Eep Opp Ork Ah-Ah And that means I love you come on fly with me Up high with me Come on fly with me And now eep opp ork means I dig you You heard the word That crazy word That word you heard Eep opp ork means I love you Hop on baby I'll put you in orbit Eep Eep [all cheering] Thank goodness. There's the door now. Somebody's coming home. Judy, you're home. - Did you see your father, dear? - Did I? Oh, I hope he didn't ruin your evening. - Did you have a good time? - I sure did, but not as good as Dad. - What do you mean, dear? - Take a look. Baby, baby, baby! Your daddy's home And he's the star of the show! George, what's going on? Mother, you are looking at the new president of the Jet Screamer Fan Club. Eep Opp Ork Ah-Ah Eep Opp Ork Ah-Ah Eep Opp Ork Ah-Ah That means I love you Come fly with me Up high with me Come fly with me Eep opp ork means I love you Eep Eep Help! Help! Jane, stop this crazy thing! Jane! Help, Jane! Subtitles: Zeeero. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 