Bless the Harts: Season 2, Episode 11 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Bless the Harts 
 s2e11 - Big Pimpin' - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Bless the Harts (2019–…): Season 2, Episode 11 - Big Pimpin' - full transcript 
 Wayne becomes Louise's faux boyfriend when her husband died on a cruise ship; Betty guest-stars on Violet's podcast and makes murder accusations. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Brenda, what are you doing? Louise is back from her cruise. She's parking her car right now. - Wait, Louise has been gone? - Yes. For a week. Wait, you were about to do four shots of tequila and you thought she was fully here? - It's my lunch break. - It's 10:00 a.m. I have low blood sugar, Jenny. Louise. Are you okay? (moans) It's Daniel. He... (crying) Ugh, let me guess, that clod-pole got called away 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 in the middle of a cruise for some "businessman thing," and left you all alone for the rest of the trip? You know what, Louise? It's time. The gloves are off. Daniel is a grade-A country club booty squirt. He's a jerk, and you need to drop that flaccid, dead-eyed pee-hole. It wasn't his fault. Oh, right. It wasn't his fault. Will you just stop making excuses for him, Louise? Brenda's right. He is a worthless, flat-butted... -But he... -No, no, no. Let me finish. Coffee-breathed... - But... - ...biscuit-faced, wet... - But y'all... -...paper towel filled with pubes. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Daniel's dead. (crying) - (sighs) - Oh. ♪ ♪ OpenSubtitles recommends using Nord VPN from 3.49 USD/month ----> osdb.link/vpn BRENDA: I'm just gonna come out and say what everyone's thinking. This is a funeral for a turd. No, not even. I've had actual turds that were harder to let go of. Brenda, be nice. Louise loved him. God only knows why. Yeah, even I'm having a hard time mustering up any waterworks for Daniel. Gonna have to use my go-to: thinking about the first 15 minutes of Pixar's Up. Oh, Lord, here it comes. That old man, so alone, missing his wife. She's so barren. Ugh, damn it, I took it too far. - (crying) - LOUISE: Welcome, y'all. As you know, we are forced to have this bodyless funeral because poor old Daniel fell off the side of a cruise ship and his remains have probably moved all the way through the food chain by now. What will I miss most about Daniel Hunter Gunnar Culp III? Well, his smile, for sure. But also, his warm, sexual touch. We had movie-quality love-making. And by that I mean, whenever we made love, he would have to watch a movie. Like Wild Things 1 through 4, or anything with Ellen Barkin. I wanted to show y'all a video of me and Daniel's life together, but I'm no good at computers, so I'm just gonna show you these pictures off my phone while playing his very favorite song. ("Virtual Insanity" playing) Can you see it? Can you see it? Okay, you two lean in. All right, can you see it now? I am so sorry for your loss, but I can't wait to deliver your bereavement benefits in four to six weeks. Oh, Norma, I'm so lost without my love muffin. Oh, look at that big phony. Excuse me? Big phony Louise with her crocodile tears. - She's a stone-cold murderer. - David. David. Turn around, you're missing something good. So, Gram, I'm so sorry, did you say Louise Culp is a murderer? Oh, quit clutching your pearls, Vi. It's about time you learned how the real world works. You walk around in a butterscotch dreamland where no one you know is a murderer. Louise 100% killed Daniel. Tell us more about this theory. It's not a theory, it's a fact. No one dies of natural causes on a cruise. It's a murderers' paradise. You're out in international waters, every man for himself. That's how Rose got away with murdering Jack. Watch the movie. (gasps) I could listen to Betty Hart talk about murder all day long. (gasps) So could everyone. David, we owe it to the world to turn her insane ramblings into a podcast. Oh my God, even if we recorded the little bit she just said, and put some marimba music behind it, that's already, like, six episodes. Mmm. Oh, Lord. Mmm. Y'all, now, Jenny, you better hold Wayne tight tonight and give him your best loving, 'cause y'all don't know how lucky you are. Okay, well, we will take that under advisement. I mean, really get in there and go to town on each other. Will do. - Damn. - I feel sorry for her. Louise has never been without a man in her life. Who knows? Maybe in the long run, this will be good. Maybe she'll learn she doesn't need to define herself through a man. - ("Virtual Insanity" playing) - My man is gone, y'all. I'm nothing without my man. I'm not even a person, y'all. Okay, a-week-ago me was wrong. How's everyone doing tonight? Can I tell y'all the specials? (crying): I'd like to tell you who was really special. My Daniel. But now he's fish food. He's dead. (wails) (crying) There goes another table of tips. This is a nightmare. She's scaring away all the customers. Daniel's dead. This is where Daniel used to eat. Daniel peed in here. Get out of there. This is Daniel's favorite booth. He used to eat in here, but now he's dead. ("Virtual Insanity" ends) Thank God. ("Virtual Insanity" starts playing) (both groan) (marimba music playing) VIOLET: Imagine a long-married couple boarding a cruise. They're in good spirits, hit the buffet. They end the night with a stroll, neither of them knowing this moment will be their last together. Unless one of them did. I'm Violet Hart. And this is Danslaughter: Port of Fall. I'm David Brito, and with us today is Betty Hart. Now, Betty, I understand you have a few theories about what happened on Louise's recent cruise? Theories are for nerds and climate scientists. I have facts. Here's exactly how it went down. It was early evening on board the Festival Breeze, captained by a sturdy Spaniard named Javier with a full head of salt and pepper hair and the thighs of a Greek god. VIOLET: Gram, stick to the murder. It's called color, Vi. Let me do what I do. Daniel and Louise were sharing drinks in the Pink Coral Lounge. But little did Daniel know that he was being overserved. To the point of going overboar. Pun intended. Cut to the Lido deck. She did the old "Oh, look, doesn't that dolphin look just like Charlton Heston" Then push, push, splash, splas, chomp, chomp, jump into the conga line as an alibi. ♪ Dun, dun, dun, dun, here the whole time ♪ ♪ Dun, dun, dun, dun, perfect crime. ♪ You really think Louise killed her husband - on a cruise ship? - Shh! Fact: 90% of people that go on cruises do not return. Fact: There are more dead bodies floating in the ocean than plastic. Fact: We lost more Americans last year in "cruise pushings" than we did in all of Vietnam. So with no motive, zero evidence and some massively inaccurate facts about the ocean, you feel comfortable labeling Louise Culp a murderer? I do. Case closed. And that's not all. I have a strong foreboding that the Grove Nursing Home Nighty-Night Strangler is none other than... Chuck Bryson! David, lock him up. Whoa, Gram. You just solved a different murder? Oh, yeah. I've solved hundreds, if not thousands, of other murders. Great. Tune in tomorrow to find out who else is guilty of murder. Will it be... you? Ooh, good one. WAYNE: Hey, babe. Just came by for a quick bite. They cleared all those trees out to extend the Sedgefield Cemetery, (chuckles): and it is good and muddy. So the boys and I are gonna go off-roading before it gets filled up with bodies. Oh, no. Okay. Should I call the tow truck now, or wait until you call me saying you got stuck? (laughs): Jenny, I'm not gonna get stuck. You always get stuck. I am not getting stuck. I just got a winch. For when you get stuck? No! That's for when somebody else gets stuck. You can't pull your own self out, Jenny. So you are gonna get stuck? I am not having this conversation. LOUISE: Daniel, look. (exhales) Dang. I know it's still fresh, but... Louise looks rough. Is she doing okay? JENNY: She's trying to feed a fried shrimp to a pillow. Does that seem okay to you? Louise, I'm so sorry for what you're going through. You just let me know if you need anything. Oh, thank you. I'll be fine. I'm just gonna go home and eat a Go-Gurt for dinner, since my oven's broken. Well, I can fix that oven for you. (sobbing) (sniffling) Just let me know when's a good time to stop by. How's right now? Oh. Uh, right now? It's a date! Okay, now I'm stuck. Oh, thank you, Wayne. This pilot light's always broken. I can't tell you the amount of times I'd come home to find my Daniel, his head in there, trying to fix it. He'd pull his head out, looking all depressed, and then say, "I give up." Okay, all fixed. I hope you feel a little better. Now I'm gonna go get some mud on my tires. LOUISE: Oh, hang on, boyfriend. Can I bother you to replace a couple of burnt-out light bulbs? Oh, sure. I-I have some in my truck. Oh, that's smart. You save yourself the overnight trip. -What? -When you have to drive to the light bulb store that's four hours away, so eight hours total travel time. No, they got 'em at Bigsby's. Oh, what? I sure wish Daniel would have known that. He was gone all the time on long light bulb runs. Wow. Leaving me all alone in this big ol' house by myself. Now it feels like he's on a permanent light bulb run. To heaven. This house is just so big and lonely lately, and that's not a knock on poor people with little tee-tiny houses. This is just a big ol' house, y'all. What are you doing? Uh, nothing. (chuckles nervously): I'm just listening. Why? Well, I thought you would've walked out by now. Or at least be watching pro fishing on your phone. That's what Daniel always did. He was such a great multitasker. (sighs): Oh, no. You're going through a hard time. Just trying to lend an ear. Could I ask you for one more favor? Would you mind coming up to my bedroom? ♪ ♪ Could you just open that nightstand drawer? What I need is in there. ♪ Yeah, she made me brush her hair. What? Oh, I'm so sorry, Wayne. Sorry who? 'Cause according to her, my name's not Wayne anymore. It's BoogerBear. And she's BooBear. And BooBear already wants me to come back tomorrow. Oh, Jenny, I feel so bad for her, but I can't go back there. Oh, honey, you've helped enough. And you deserve to go have fun and go off-roading and get stuck in the mud with your buddies. - We do not get stuck. - You will totally get stuck. I'll talk to Louise tomorrow and tell her you can't go back there. Okay, thanks. - And, Jenny? - Yeah? I feel like I should brush your hair just to make it right. I don't know what I'm making right, but just... I got your hairbrush. BRENDA: Well, on the plus side, your hair looks extra shiny today. Yeah, Louise got way too creep-a-do with Wayne last night. I got to tell her he's not available. Rip the Band-Aid off no matter how depressed she seems. Cock-a-doodle-doo, doo-doo-doo. It's a beautiful morning, y'all. Now, let's get some different tunes up in here. ♪ I'm ♪ ♪ Gonna soak up the sun... ♪ Oh, Jenny, don't you worry about Windexing the menus. I can do that. And, Brenda, you don't have to shoo out the ceiling possum today. I say live and let live, y'all. Oh, it's so good to see your face again, Louise. -Um, I need to talk to you about... -I just want to thank you for lending me your man, Jenny. Oh, well, I wouldn't describe it that way. Well, whatever you want to call it, I just want to give you this little thank-you. It's a gift card to Sephora! It's almost like money. But it's not, right? I mean, it's not "payment for Wayne." (chuckles) Oh, you wrote "Payment for Wayne" right on the gift card. Right there. (laughs) That's terrific. So, Jenny, what did you need to talk to me about? Um, I was just gonna say about Wayne, uh, I'll send him back over later. And, Brenda, I'm feeling so good, I got you one, too. (chuckles): Wow. I can't wait to find out what it feels like to not steal from that place. BETTY: The murderer in the Willow Glen case was none other than Greenpoint's own Darryl Ozment. Pastor by day, slasher by night. Case closed. Murder solved. That makes 60 cases in three episodes. Perfectly solved. All murderers, please report to jail. David, fill up that cellblock. (cell door closes) Hey, you're the podcast guys. Love it! - Guilty! Cha-chunk! - Your grandma's a hit. Doing a true crime podcast is super easy when the crimes don't have to be true. Violet and David, can I talk to you for a sec? You want some podcast swag? All right, we're out of T-shirts, - but I have a visor. - I don't want a visor. Your grandmother accused me of murdering an entire sorority execution-style in 1989? - Uh... - Uh... - We're so, so, so sorry. - So, so sorry. We know you didn't murder anyone, but if you did, - no judgment. - So sorry we accused you of murder. Now, I know I shouldn't be mad at you. I should be praying for you, 'cause your grandmother is crazy as the day is long, and I've known her forever, and it's always been just one thing after another. And I can't help it if Tom Taggert took me to the Hall & Oates concert instead of her. And Lord forgive me, but tell her to shut her fat face, - or I'm gonna sue. - (gasps) (door opens, closes) Mm, that was rough. Is this what guilt feels like? I know. I feel awful. But it'll be fine. She's overreacting. Everyone else knows it's just harmless fun. Plus, nobody's listening. Hey, you little turds! Tell your grandma I didn't lure a drifter into my van with cigarettes, then cut off his head and put it in a chicken bucket. - Sorry. - We'll tell her. I didn't poison my adult son's energy drink! - Sorry. - Oh, so sorry. I didn't use lye to dissolve a body in a dog food barrel. - Sorry. - Can we still get some frappes? Jenny, I'm not doing any more boyfriend role-play stuff for Louise. Okay? It's weird. And it's even weirder that you're letting me do it. Oh, but Louise is all alone. She's in such a bad state. And I always thought you were - such a good, kind, selfless person. - No. And there is nothing you can say to change my mind, Jenny. All right. Well, Louise did lose someone she loved deeply. - (theme from Up playing) - Just like a certain curmudgeon - in a balloon house... - No, no, no, no. Don't, Jenny. ...who fell in love with a girl named Ellie, - but she was barren. - (crying): That poor woman. They wanted a child so bad. All right. All right, I'll do it. But only Christian "help thy neighbor" handyman stuff. Only. Period. End of dis... ("Caught Up in the Rapture" by Anita Baker playing) ♪ When we met ♪ ♪ Always knew ♪ ♪ I would feel that magic for you ♪ ♪ On my mind ♪ ♪ Constantly ♪ ♪ In my arms is where you should be ♪ (music stops playing) I feel bad. Am I pimping out Wayne? EMPLOYEE: Would you like a chocolate-covered strawberry? Ooh! ♪ I'm ♪ -♪ Caught up in the rapture of love ♪ -(screams) ♪ Nothing else can compare ♪ ♪ When I feel the magic of you ♪ - ♪ I'm... ♪ - Ah! Follow me back to the house, Wayne. I threw some chili in my slow cooker so we could break in these bowls. You know, Louise, I wish I could, but I'm picking Jenny up from work, and then I'm definitely going mudding. Oh, Jenny's not working today. I sent her and Brenda to get mani-pedis. - What? - To pay her for your services. Thank you, Maurice. WAYNE: Oh, look at this. Y'all having fun while I'm being pimped out? Well, guess what, Jenny? The gigolo is up. Crap, it's over. Time to raid and scatter. (gasps) How could you do this, Jenny? You pimped me out. Or did you gain points in heaven by helping a fragile widow through a very emotional time? While I got a bunch of treatments and some makeup. But anyway, heaven! You're going there. Okay, stop, stop. This ends now. You're going to Louise and telling her it's over right now. Or we could have some cucumber water - and dried apricots. - No! DAVID: Okay, I'm counting 27 adults who are mad at us and 12 businesses where we can't buy anything, - which is all the businesses in Greenpoint. - We have to stop it. But Gram's, like, addicted to accusing people of murder. Wait, hang on. Mrs. Kimbro said she went to school with Gram? And she went to Hall & Oates with some boy Gram liked? Good evening, listeners. We want to do something a little different with this episode. We would like to discuss a brutal series of assassinations. - Character assassinations. - (Record scratches) 60 murderers. All accused by the same person, who just happened to go to high school with them. You've been researching me. Admit it. You wrongly accused 60 people of murder. You wrong me, you get accused of murder. That's just how it is. We would like to formally apologize - to Preston Harper. - (scoffs) A good man who had nothing to do with the ritualistic murder and dismemberment of that Ultimate Frisbee team in the late '90s. Gram, would you also like to issue an apology? To the man who once tapped me on the shoulder and said, "Excuse me, sir"? When hell freezes over. We also owe an apology to Vernon Bannerman, wrongly accused of being the Dallas Drowner. Hmm, let me guess. He once said something mildly impolite to you? He didn't say crap. He did flip me off in the midde of a spirit rally. Still don't know why. Just like those six women in Dallas don't know why he drowned them. Gram, we still have this one little case we haven't cracked. Louise Culp. Why accuse her? She didn't even go to high school with you. Well, Louise's mother once asked, "Where'd you get that top? Goodwill?" In front of the boys' JV baseball team. And since Louise's mother is no longer with us, Louise has inherited this slight. Therefore, Louise and all her kin henceforth are guilty of murder. Okay, Gram, that's low even for you. Oh, what's this? I'm seeing something new in my papers and findings. Tell me something. Where were you the night the Myrtle Beach Mangler last struck? Ugh. Gram, don't. Sure sounds like what a murderer would say. And who knows what other crimes they may have committed. In fact, there they go, off to kill mo... Louise, Jenny has something she wants to say to you. Okay, so, Louise, I know this is hard, but you can't have Wayne anymore. I mean, not at this price. I know. I know. I'm sorry, y'all. I mean, the money I was paying was way too low. Right? I mean, look at these arms. They can hold a trunkful of groceries. (chuckles) Wayne should cost at least what Richard Gere paid for Pretty Woman. Oh, no, I don't know if I could go that high. Then make an offer. I'm not negotiating - with myself here. - Ladies! Now, I have been bought and sold like chattel while y'all lived high on the hog and got to do everything you wanted to do. So now we are gonna do something I want to do. - (Jenny and Louise whooping) - WAYNE: Yeah! Watch this! - (Wayne and Jenny screaming) - Yes, y'all. - Are we stuck? - No. Seems like we're stuck. Well, then, you're seeing things, 'cause we are not stuck. So, you're saying, then, we don't have to use the winch? No. A winch is for when other people get stuck. Well, then, where are the other people with their winches, Wayne? We don't need them yet because we are not stuck. Y'all are stuck, but I'm free. I got mud in all my nooks and crannies and even my nethers. I don't know how to tell you this, Jenny. And we're stuck. - Yeah, we're stuck. - (whoops) - (meows) - (horn honks musically) OpenSubtitles recommends using Nord VPN from 3.49 USD/month ----> osdb.link/vpn  
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 