Kengan Ashura: Season 2, Episode 7 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Kengan Ashura 
 s2e7 - Willenskraft - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Kengan Ashura (2019–…): Season 2, Episode 7 - Willenskraft - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 A FEW WEEKS AGO IN THE KINGDOM OF THAILAND WAT PHRA KAEW Nice to see you again. It looks like your business is going well. RAMA XIII RULER OF THE KINGDOM OF THAILAND Thank you, Your Royal Highness. Our success in the Kingdom of Thailand... TADASHI IIDA, PRESIDENT OF YAZU TRADING ...was made possible thanks to your patronage, sir. -We will never forget-- -Get straight to the point. You wouldn't ask for an audience with me without an ulterior motive. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Just tell me what you want. I appreciate your openness, sir. I would like to inform you that we, Yazu Trading, will join the Kengan Life-or-Death Tournament to be held in two months. We would be honored if you could grace us with your support. Meaning... Would you kindly permit us to get the man standing next to you, the Thai God of War, as our company's affiliated fighter? You want me to give you my trusty sword? GAOLAN WONGSAWAT A.K.A. "THE THAI GOD OF WAR" For what in return? Yazu Trading will grow bigger if I become the chairman of the Kengan Association, which will enable me to promise more benefits to you, sir. You mean I will gain nothing in return if you fail to win, right? 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 You're as wily as usual. Did you hear that, Gaolan? I like ambitious men like him. Can you provide help to this man? If it is your order, I am pleased to fight. For you, sir, and for the honor of the Kingdom of Thailand, I swear to defeat my opponents. SAYAKA KATAHARA Let's welcome the fighters! GAME 15 This man is finally appearing on the fight stage. He is probably the top of the big names in this tournament! A revolutionary in the boxing field, he is the strongest boxer in history, having won all four major championships. Standing at 187 cm and weighing 91 kg, he makes his kengan match debut today. Representing Yazu Trading, also known as the Thai God of War, Gaolan Wongsawat! GAOLAN WONGSAWAT REP. FIGHTER YAZU TRADING Hey, what's she saying? I'm a big name, too! NAOYA OHKUBO It's no fun having no one listen to me complaining. Lihito's gone somewhere and Kaneda's having a match. Himuro's disappeared, too. I guess I should also go prepare for my own game. So, you're going? RYO HIMURO Yes, but don't worry. I'll be all right. Next comes the opponent! In the luxury cruise ship The Kengan, there was a death match behind the scenes. Having defeated Ryo Himuro, a.k.a. "the Icy Emperor," this man obtained his position as a fighter. A genuinely skilled, promising fighter is going to make a sensational debut after overpowering a superior! Standing at 170 cm and weighing 73 kg, he also makes his kengan match debut today. Representing Ginokuniya Bookshop, also known as the Giant Killer, Suekichi Kaneda! SUEKICHI KANEDA Hi, nice to meet you. BOXING VS ANCIENT MARTIAL ARTS "VOLITION" I was born as the second son in the Kaneda family. I have a brother and three big sisters. Since childhood, I haven't been very healthy. Before I could remember, I almost died twice. By the time I was about to enter elementary school, I'd had four operations. There was nothing special about me. I was just born frail. However, I had only one thing that set me apart from others. That is... a craving for strength. I can start anytime. Come on. Please go easy on me. KEN OHYA Wow, I didn't know you smoke a pipe. Oh, Kazu. KAZUO YAMASHITA Kaneda's game is finally about to begin. Though we are opponents in this tournament, let's go drinking again once everything's finished. Whatever the result is. Well, sorry to disturb you. Bye. Wait, Kazu. How can you be so nonchalant? We have to start drinking right now! Oh, Ken! I knew you hadn't changed! Are you talking about Toyo Electric Power? It's true that Mr. Hayami asked me to cooperate with him, or rather threatened me, but I'm not good at obeying anybody's orders. Wow. It's no problem. Unless he becomes the chairman of the Kengan Association, Hayami can never retaliate against me. I have more power than you might imagine. In other words, everything will be okay if I become the champion. That's my man, Ken. Well, to Kaneda's victory in his first round. Cheers! The game is about to begin. Suekichi Kaneda is challenging the god of boxing! This tournament is just a show. It's not a place for warriors to fight. And this man is... totally mediocre, nowhere near qualified -even to be a part of this scene. -It's exciting to be here, isn't it? Even a man like him can be a fighter. That tells me how low the level of this tournament is. All right. For His Royal Highness Rama XIII and the glory of my country, I'm just going to crush every enemy in my way. Are you two ready? Fight! Now the 15th game has begun. The heavyweight boxing champion of the major four organizations, Gaolan, is taking a stance known as the Hitman Style. Meanwhile, Kaneda is holding his palms against Gaolan. It's quite similar to the Maeba stance of karate. JERRY TYSON Jerry, tell us your thoughts about how they compare. Kaneda has made a sound judgment. He's keeping watch for Gaolan's fastest attack. A boxer's fastest attack is not straight punch nor uppercut. It's not the hook, either. The answer is jab. Besides, Gaolan's jab is regarded as the fastest among all boxers. It's called "Flash." He launches a maximum of 13 jabs in a single breath. He's a hell of an extraordinary guy! Thirteen jabs? Oh, please... Don't back off, my body. It's scared and instinctively trying to escape. How shameful. Did Mr. Himuro give up the fight? Did Lihito throw the game? Never. They fought till the end, right? If it's not now, when do I go ahead? He moved! Kaneda is getting closer to Gaolan. Look, he's finally gotten within the reach of the boxer! Hi, how are you? I came because you didn't come to me. That's it! His specialty, flicker jabs! As I thought, his jab is even faster than the one used in boxing. This man... In that split second, he reacted to my move. Wow, you are as fast as I expected. I failed to dislocate your wrist. Why? Even top-ranked boxers can't follow my jab. How could this mediocre one do it? A nosebleed... That was such an incredible speed. I couldn't do anything in response. Cheap trick. I won't fall in your trap. Suekichi Kaneda. KUJIN STYLE: CRESCENT SCYTHE KUJIN STYLE: LEVER THROW Gee, that was so close! If you can go to the ground and grapple, you'll gain the advantage over the boxer. What are they looking at, amateurs? Any plan, Kaneda? That jerk is perfectly prepared for submission hold, too. You won't win if you're one step behind. Now's the time! Here... I've got you. That's it! Even when you get a clean hit, Kaneda avoids getting damaged by slightly displacing the hit points. It means he's adjusting to follow... the opponent's attack! KUJIN OVERTURNING HEAVEN/EARTH It worked! From that unstable stance? This data is unavailable from boxing matches. It's lucky I saw it early. His Flash comes again! It's fast as hell! He's displacing the hit points, though he shouldn't be able to see my hitting move. A counter! Oh, man! He's ruthlessly beating him! Just withstand it for now. Oops! My foot... A body blow gets stuck in straight! Kaneda collapses, unable to absorb the attack! You were amazing. Suekichi Kaneda. Your courage deserves praise. Don't take me lightly, you prick. Huh? You are the unified champion in boxing, right? And this is your fighting style? Why didn't you continue attacking? Only one more attack was needed to make you the winner for sure. Were you going easy on me? Because I'm the weak one? I've been a fan of you since long before this match. I repeatedly watched your matches. No gloves, no shoes, and no rules. Free from all the limitations, you can do far more than this if you fight seriously! You have a lot of spirit. But the result is now absolute. I admire you, Suekichi Kaneda. I'm happy to unexpectedly see a true warrior like you. But... there is a great wall standing between us. -I don't want to kill-- -So you're taking me lightly! I know well that I have no talent. But... it's the only thing I can do! This man... No one should judge me. What's wrong with the weak aiming to be the strong?! Kaneda... OHMA TOKITA YAMASHITA CORPORATION You finally showed your true colors. It took too long. I see now. Among the fighters in this tournament, he's the only one who took over this tournament as the weak one. He fights to break away from being weak. SAW PAING YOROIZUKA You should respond to him! Gaolan! I know, I will. Sorry about that. I didn't want to kill you. That's why I only used my techniques suitable for the game. I was wrong. For whatever reason, it's true that I showed mercy to you. In a fight, feeling pity for the opponent is the same as insulting him. Every fighter must be put on an equal footing in a fight. It seems my mind was full of arrogance. I understand. In honor of your fighting spirit, I'll crush you with my full power. Yeah! Gaolan's mood has changed. That jerk... shifted from a boxer to a fighter! Thank you, Gaolan. Now... KUJIN STANCE OF YIN-YANG INTERSECTION I can use the Foresight. What I investigated and predicted was you using full power, pulling off the gloves. I tried everything. Now, all I need to do is to make minor adjustments. I know. Your strength is at a much higher level than mine. Once you go all out, only a single attack could definitely finish me off. How excellent! This is what I wanted. Now, let's fight fairly! FIRST ATTACK SECOND ATTACK THIRD ATTACK FOURTH ATTACK FIFTH AND SIXTH ATTACKS SEVENTH ATTACK EIGHTH ATTACK NINTH ATTACK It's... finished! The one who won this game is the world boxing champion! Gaolan Wongsawat! Suekichi Kaneda. I fulfilled my promise. Tenth attack... and checkmate. I thought I could do a little more... Finishing with only ten attacks. My overwhelming victory is an unshakable fact. But I went all out and you could still resist me until my tenth attack. It's incredible because I'm superior to you in everything: power, speed, and technique. It was a good fight. Sleep for now, my friend. WINNER GAME 15: "THE THAI GOD OF WAR" PROCEEDS TO SECOND ROUND LOSER GAME 15: "THE GIANT KILLER" ELIMINATED IN FIRST ROUND Mr. Kaneda... You didn't have to do this much. Before the game, I told him to retire. It's because I saw what was in his bag. It was like a trade show for pain pills. He even had nerve block injections. Frankly speaking, I'm strong. And from this strong man, he won the right to be called a fighter. However, with his ordinary physical capacity, he was also badly damaged in our battle. Now I understand the reason why my attacks began to fail. Kaneda was analyzing. He predicted my attacks and moved to a safe zone in advance. I got too mad to detect his trick during the battle. But his method requires him to receive all the attacks until finishing analyzing. His fighting style is obviously not for a tournament game. I tried to stop him, telling him he might die fighting in that condition. But he said... No way, Mr. Himuro. I am the one who beat Ryo Himuro. Don't worry. I'm sure I'll win. You are extremely cool. If I were a woman, I would kiss you. Ken. I'm sorry about Kaneda. Well, I just have to accept it. He put up a great fight against Gaolan. You're so easygoing. Of course I'm feeling sorry, too, but I could accomplish my minimum goal at least. Your goal? Just joining this kind of game enables you to show off the power of your company. Same as the international sports games countries use to show their flags. Oh, I see. It's amazing enough that you can easily pay five billion yen for the entry fee. As a result, I got four new businesses after arriving on the island which will soon cover the cost of five billion yen. Seriously? But honestly, I was aiming to be the champion. Himuro was the strongest fighter in our company's history. Then Kaneda won against Himuro. Those two made me dream of a good future. I think I might be jealous of them. They're the opposite of people like us, full of calculations, they just crave pure strength. Ken... We still have a good future! Right! PREVIEW The King of Combat, the living legend, comes in. Fang of Metsudo, the overwhelming emperor, shows up. A giant clash of two great kings. Both of them are as powerful as the final boss! Next episode: "Champions." Subtitle translation by Hinako Someno Surf the internet with browser of future osdb.link/brave 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 