Kengan Ashura: Season 2, Episode 6 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Kengan Ashura 
 s2e6 - Seltsamkeiten - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Kengan Ashura (2019–…): Season 2, Episode 6 - Seltsamkeiten - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 SEN HATSUMI REP. FIGHTER OF NOGI GROUP Who the hell are you? Me? I am a "becomer." People call me... "The Faceless Man." "The Faceless Man?" Sounds pretty cheap if you ask me. Besides, I can see your face very clearly. Oh? Are you sure you can? 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Wait. That's... TADASHI IIDA - GAOLAN WONGSAWAT Is that me? What? JERRY TYSON It's exactly like Gaolan's move. It's not just for show. So, his style is boxing. Don't get me wrong. I can become... more than just a boxer. NAOYA OHKUBO That's my style! So? Surprised, aren't you? Even his tone and mood changed. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 I'll tell you my secret. I'm an actor... TAKAYUKI CHIBA YOSHITAKE REAL ESTATE ...of the underground. There are people called "actors" in the underworld. They play completely different people to perpetrate scams and other crimes. I've heard that... some underworld actors specialize in fighting scenes. I guess this guy's one of those militant actors. I can copy any action perfectly after seeing it once. So far, 22 fighters have competed in this tournament and I've seen the public fights of Gaolan Wongsawat and Naoya Ohkubo. I have mastered a total of 24 fighting styles. In other words, I can punch like Gaolan, wrestle like Sekibayashi, and ground grapple like Cosmo Imai. Do you understand? Your opponent is not Takayuki Chiba. It's a chimera of 24 fighters. "ODDITIES" I appreciate Mr. Yoshitake scheduling my match later in the tournament. YOSHIRO YOSHITAKE YOSHITAKE REAL ESTATE The more matches there are before mine, the more fighters I can trace. As this tournament moves forward, I become stronger. You're a copycat counting your chickens before they hatch? That's not even funny. Take your stance, underling. Use other people's power as much as you want. Chiba has told two lies. One, he can only trace movements and techniques of the target. He cannot copy physical abilities such as Kure Family's Release or Lihito's Razor's Edge. And, even if he imitates a technique perfectly, its power is only proportional to Chiba's physical abilities. Two, at this point, he has traced 24 fighters' movements, but is barely able to use any of them in an actual battle. Still, it is enough. In Hatsumi's eyes, Takayuki Chiba appears to be a larger monster than he really is. A man who can use any move he's seen once. Are you ready? By the next round, I'll have finished committing the fighters' moves to memory, to use them in an actual match. I'll fight with the styles I've stolen from other martial artists for today. Here we go, Sen Hatsumi. Oh! That stance! That's Andrews Filho. He was the strongest Kidokan karate master who could kill anyone with just one punch. You can even copy a dead man? I guess I don't need to pull my punches. Match over! We have a winner! Twenty-six seconds after the start of the match, it was all over. Fight! Gathering Clouds: Triple Strike. Time to go to sleep, copycat. Match is over! We have a winner! It... It's over! The winner of the 13th match is Sen Hatsumi, a.k.a. the Floating Cloud. It took only 26 seconds for him to win the match. Sen Hatsumi is so strong! That man made a wrong choice. TAKESHI WAKATSUKI -What? -His last move was an aikido technique. JUN SEKIBAYASHI It was a bad move. Sen's fighting style is based on his own style, the Hatsumi-style aikido. It was reckless of him to fight against it with aikido. He's just a knockoff, after all. Just a single mistake can cost you everything. That is... what a kengan match is. Well, well. HIDEKI NOGI CHAIRMAN OF NOGI GROUP What does a loser want from me, Mr. Yoshitake? Don't get big-headed. This isn't over yet! I'm going to take you down one day. You are pretty easygoing, aren't you? It seems you don't fully understand the situation you are in. Huh? I heard you committed physical violence before the match. Don't play the fool with me. I know you sent your assassin to me. I suppose you wanted to threaten me, but too bad for you. It didn't work out that way. Don't get carried away, just because you won the match. I'm going to get testimony from him and disqualify Nogi Group from the tournament. Oh, are you sure you want to do that? If you do, you'll lose your Kengan Association membership. Huh? Actually, the man you ordered your man to assault... just became a Kengan Association member yesterday. I recommended him. Wha... As you know, Mr. Yoshitake, personal fights between members are strictly prohibited. If this comes to light, Yoshitake Real Estate will be eliminated from the association for good. So, this is what you wanted, isn't it? You were trying to set me up all along and made me fight that guy. Oh, come on. That's disgraceful. All I did was recommend him for the Kengan Association membership. Why, Nogi? I don't understand. You could've just made me forfeit if you'd planned all that. That would've better conserved Hatsumi's energy, too. Why? You don't know a thing. Fighters are no more than our pawns. You need to watch them fight to see which pawn is stronger. If Sen had lost to Chiba, I would have supported Yoshitake Real Estate with all of the might of Nogi Group. Even if you had won the tournament, I would have made you designate me as the association's chairman. Remember this, boy. I am in a different class than you. Let's welcome the fighters for the 14th match! Some call him "Murder Physician." Some call him "Doctor Death." The doctor draped in death made an emergency visit to the tournament. He leads his poor patients to hell. The gate to hell is about to open. Standing at 174 cm and weighing 62 kg, he makes his kengan match debut today. Representing the University of Teito, also known as the Dissector, Hajime Hanafusa! HAJIME HANAFUSA I love this place. The smell of death is filling the air. YUKIO DAZAI PRESIDENT OF UNIVERSITY OF TEITO Next up is another incredible assassin. A bare-handed serial killer, the likes of which had never been seen in Japanese criminal history. He was a medical student back then, and now, after 30 years, the killer has returned. Standing at 201 cm and weighing 147 kg, he makes his kengan match debut today. Representing Juoh Communications, also known as the Bloody Tusk, Yohei Bando! YOHEI BANDO JUOH COMMUNICATIONS Good grief. It's so raucous outside. Hanafusa, don't forget your duty. This is very sudden, but Hanafusa is an agent sent by the Japanese government. Yohei Bando is a death row inmate. The government allowed him to take part in the tournament to secretly get rid of him. His first execution took place 25 years ago. However, he survived the 90-minute-long execution. The execution order was issued every time a new Minister of Justice was inaugurated, but he survived all 45 executions. He has been waiting for 25 years to get his death penalty fulfilled. The only method of execution allowed in this country is hanging. A death row inmate who cannot be hanged to death means the defeat of the law. MINISTRY OF JUSTICE SEISUKE TAKADA PRES. JUOH COMMUNICATIONS The country allows him to fight then sends an assassin to face him. Well, I expected as much. I got a smaller opponent than I expected. Now, I wonder what to do with you. A man that can't be killed by hanging. That's tempting. I would love to dissect you. Seems like you don't live a decent life. But who am I to talk? Those eyes... OHMA TOKITA - KAZUO YAMASHITA The look in his eyes hasn't changed... BANDO WAS ARRESTED ON SUSPICION OF ATTACKING YAKUZA OFFICE ...even though his appearance is a lot different now. That is definitely... Yohei Bando. Take your stance. Huh? What's wrong, guys? I'm not a combat fighter. So, I don't need a stance. He's right. I'll go with my usual style. Fine. Have it your way. Fight! I don't feel good about this, but I don't have much choice. Well, then... I just need to kill this boy, huh? And you said you weren't a combat fighter? You hit my acupuncture points. Or was it called Chin Na in martial arts? You really are an ex-med school student. Seems like you did your homework. My style uses Lingshu Chin Na techniques. What is Lingshu Chin Na? It's the oldest form of Chin Na written in Huangdi Neijing, an ancient Chinese medical text. Using their fingers as needles, fighters strike the human's vital meridians and acupuncture points. It is said that it's easy for a master of Lingshu Chin Na to cripple the opponent with just a single strike. How logical. That's one of the effective means for you to defeat me, someone physically superior to you. "Means"? Exactly. Martial arts are no more than a means to an end for me. And the end is to dissect your body. Wow! His hits are incredible. He's taking advantage of his small body to make quick moves! Hanafusa is toying with Bando! Good grief. His small body allows him to move quickly. What a pain. Any ordinary person wouldn't be able to fight with that pain. Are those thick muscles preventing my strikes from hitting deeply? Very interesting. I would do anything to dissect him. I'll keep him as intact as possible. My aim is... your yamen. LINGSHU CHIN NA: TERMINAL STAB Now you will never be conscious again. I can enjoy dissecting your body now. Oh? Open fractures of the second and third fingers. Any ordinary person would be rolling around in pain with those. It seems you're not normal either. In fact, I am also categorized as "abnormal." I bet. The cervical vertebrae is a vital point of the human body. You can't protect it by just building muscle. There is only one answer to this. Mr. Bando... your joints are abnormally flexible, aren't they? The instant I struck your yamen, an acupuncture point on the neck, you caught and broke my fingers in between your occipital bone and cervical spine. I assume your joint motion range would be approximately 140 degrees. Well, Mr. Bando? Is my inference correct? You're impressive. That is correct. My range of joint motion is far different from that of an ordinary human. -Mama! -Eek! His neck is twisted upside down! Now, let's settle this battle between abnormal fighters. I'm afraid killing is the only way I know how to defeat. KOKOMI YOSHIZAWA Doctor, run! Are you surprised? This is my... ace in the hole. Well? Don't you find their forms exquisite? It's a sword! There are something like swords sticking out of Hanafusa's palms. These are my favorites carved out of my own femur. I did everything from designing the gimmick, processing the bone, and to doing the surgery on my own. That was so much fun. Are those allowed? Of course, they are. These are part of my body. I'm offended if you think those are weapons. METSUDO KATAHARA CHAIRMAN KENGAN ASSOCIATION Part of his body, he says? He's got me there. I knew it. First, I noticed it through his reaction to his fractured fingers. And now this gadget. Mr. Hanafusa, you don't feel pain, do you? Just as Bando guesses, Hajime Hanafusa has no sense of pain. He conducted a surgery to limit the neurotransmitter function of hypothalamus and completely blocked out pain sensation. Which means... Hajime Hanafusa cannot be defeated without getting killed. Jeez. What a man. I’m getting excited to meet someone similar to me. I don't care about winning or losing anymore, but... this excitement is quite addicting. Mr. Bando, could you die for my pleasure? By his power... and that blast sound... has he injected compressed gas into his heels? I recommend you go see a doctor for your mental health, if you survive this fight. That's insulting. I am a doctor, you know? I'm fully capable of diagnosing my own mental state. Objectively speaking, I am far from normal! That's what I thought. It's... It's over! Bando snapped Hanafusa's neck! We are not sure if Hanafusa is still alive. That was close. He tried to stab me in the solar plexus. It was a good call. Attacks to my midsection are very difficult to dodge, especially when it's in the center of my body, like the solar plexus. If I hadn't quickly shifted my spine, -I would have been the dead one. -Bring a stretcher! Quick! Oh, Bando. Nice work out there. You are slightly injured, but it doesn't look severe. I hope you keep up the good work in the next round. Stupid Doctor! Why did you die on me? I couldn't do anything to thank him for saving my brother. KARURA KURE Nothing can be done about this, Elena. Dead people never come back to life. You're in a sorry plight, Hanafusa. Mr. Dazai! How could you say such a thing to him? Dr. Hanafusa fought to the death! Indeed. Now, let's find out if it was worth costing his life. What? Mr. Dazai? What are you... Phew. I'm back. Good grief. I thought I would die. Doctor! What? Didn't you... die? Ms. Yoshizawa, you know I'm a doctor, right? I remodeled my body, just in case I was to die, implanting a medical device to force my heart to beat. Oh, I see. I have no energy left to question anymore. But honestly, one more twist to my vertebrae would have killed me. So, Hanafusa. How did it go? Don't worry. Yohei Bando... will be a dead man shortly. What's wrong, Bando? He got me. That man surprises me till the end. What he said at that moment... I don't care about winning or losing anymore. At that time, I thought it was just an expression of his berserker nature. However, the true meaning of his statement was that he had completed his arrangement to kill me. Looking at these symptoms... it must be a virus that attacks the nerves. This is a blood-borne infection. It must have transmitted through his blood on his bone blades. Yes. Prior to the match, I injected a lethal virus in myself. But... wouldn't that kill you, too? There's no need to worry. I also possess an antibody for the virus. I see. If I can find out what type of virus he used, I could cope with this. However, I don't think the medical facility on this small island can do much. This was what he wanted, huh? Mr. Hanafusa, the winner of this battle... is you. On this day, after 25 years, the execution of Yohei Bando has been successfully carried out. PREVIEW The dull, skinny, useless mediocre Kaneda fights against the Thai God of War. It's a craving for power. Don't back off. Don't get frightened. There's no reason the weak can't defeat the strong. Next episode: "Volition." Subtitle translation by Miki Miyaji Surf the internet with browser of future osdb.link/brave 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 