Kengan Ashura: Season 1, Episode 12 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Kengan Ashura 
 s1e12 - Father and Son - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Kengan Ashura (2019–…): Season 1, Episode 12 - Father and Son - full transcript 
 Toyo Corp continues it's intimidation and rule bending behind the scenes. Ohma has flashbacks of his Father Figure Niko. Battle between Mercenary Muteba Gizenga and Psychotic Meguro Masaki comes to an end. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Good. It's all done. HAJIME HANAFUSA UNI OF TEITO'S FIGHTER Operation complete. KOKOMI YOSHIZAWA NURSE, UNI OF TEITO I'm exhausted. -Doctor, how is he? -Don't worry. I've managed to bring him back. MOKICHI ROBINSON, FIGHTER, SENTORY (ELIMINATED) Your brother is going to be fine. ELENA ROBINSON MOKICHI ROBINSON'S SISTER Thank goodness. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Thank you so much. I can't thank you enough. You don't need to thank me. It was a rare opportunity for me to fiddle around inside a living fighter's body. Doctor, don't say such a thing in front of the family, please. Look! Their match just finished. That guy... FATHER AND SON In the Kengan Life-or-Death Tournament, the fifth match of Block A is about to begin. The crowd is thrilled to be witnessing the fight of the century between two superhuman fighters. He's a decathlete known as "The Immeasurable," Gozo Murobuchi. GOZO MUROBUCHI FIGHTER, UNITED CLOTHING 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 His opponent is a championship contender, Takeshi Wakatsuki, also known as "Wild Tiger." TAKESHI WAKATSUKI FIGHTER, FURUMI PHARMA Murobuchi is described as a modern Hercules. However, he has suffered one previous defeat. And the man who defeated him was Wakatsuki. His challenge to his long-standing foe begins now. We have a winner. The winner is Takeshi Wakatsuki. That was... just incredible. OHMA TOKITA & KAZUO YAMASHITA YAMASHITA CORP. He hardly seems human. Ohma, do you think you can you beat that guy? -I'm hungry. -What? Wait. Are you sure you don't need to watch the next match? Nah. I don't care who I fight. Hey, Ohma. You don't even have your wallet. Excitement is only going to mount as the sixth match will start soon! Oh, it's starting soon. GAME SIX This beautiful bird of darkness dances bewitchingly. Don't let him get you under his spell. This devil of a man is now entering the arena! Standing 181 cm tall and weighing 74 kg, his kengan match record is four wins and no losses. SAYAKA KATAHARA DAUGHTER OF METSUDO KATAHARA He has acquired total assets of 21 billion, 90 million yen. Representing Murder Music, also known as "The Bird of Darkness", Keizaburo Sawada! It's finally my turn. I'm so excited. KEIZABURO SAWADA FIGHTER, MURDER MUSIC And now, let's welcome the other fighter. This German muscle monster is about to let loose in the Far East. He has the biggest muscles in human history. No matter how powerful the attack, it'll have little effect on this man. Standing 205 cm tall and weighing 210 kg, his kengan match record is 51 wins and no losses. He has amassed total assets of 1 trillion, 622 billion, 711 million yen. Representing Toyo Electric Power Co, also known as "The Monster," Julius Reinhold! JULIUS REINHOLD FIGHTER, TOYO ELECTRIC POWER CO You've got ugly muscles. Not my type at all. We have a winner. We what? Due to Murder Music's default, Julius Reinhold of Toyo Electric Power Co will advance to the second round. What the hell did you just say? That was unexpected. METSUDO KATAHARA CHAIRMAN, KENGAN ASSOCIATION ERIO KURE, PATRIARCH OF THE KURE FAMILY Someone's finally taking advantage of this tournament's idiosyncrasies. -Idiosyncrasies? -Indeed. This is a marathon tournament spanning eight days in total. There is plenty of time to go on maneuvers. Shall we penalize Toyo? That's not necessary. Let them do as they want. I revised the rules to make it easier for them to make deals under the table. Let them maneuver as much as they like. YOSHIKO TOGAWA PRESIDENT, MURDER MUSIC I'm sorry you had to go through this. REN NIKAIDO FIGHTER, BYAKUYA SHIMBUN COMPANY Your brave decision has ensured everything will go well. Goddamn it. I'm sorry, Sawada. Good job. We've got one position secured. Meguro, you're up next. MASAKI MEGURO FIGHTER, UMIICHI SECURITIES Time to break someone–- I knew this must be what was going on. You've gotta be kidding me, assholes. You ganged up on a woman and threatened her? Do you even have balls? Huh? What do you want, Keizaburo Sawada? Ms. Togawa chose to default of her own free will. -It's unjust to-- -Shut up, you Chinese jerk. Don't think you can get away with this just because you're handsome. I'm going to crush both of you. Both of us? Don't you mean the three of us? You've gotta be kidding me. I kicked him so hard his brain should be mush. Yoshiko, stay out of the way. Sawada, fighting three fighters at once is too much, even for you. You know what? Men don't act out of reason. Ballet requires more flexibility than any sport. If a ballet dancer acquired kicking skills, how mighty would they be? They would surpass even a first-class martial artist. What? Hold on. Keizaburo Sawada was my opponent originally. It makes sense for me to handle this. I don't need backup. Fine by me. You'll regret this. Bring it on. Take this. I'm putting extra G-force... into this fatal attack. Sawada executed a successful kick and destroyed Julius's cervical vertebrae. Or so he thought. A kick aimed at cervical vertebrae... Is that your technique? Techniques, secrets... You fools are always talking about those things. But it's just drivel for the weak, it's nothing more than that. The truly strong don't need technique. Sawada! Just to be safe, I'll break your left leg, too. Darn. I missed. Another fool to take down? Oh no! I didn't think anybody would be there. I didn't see him because he was in my blind spot. They're Yamashita Corporation. It could be a problem if something were to happen. I'll put him to sleep for a while. I'm terribly sorry. What? He predicted perfectly the trajectory of a needle that's thinner than a hair. Who is this man? Huh? I think I just saw something whiz past. -I have no choice. -Nikaido. That's enough. KATSUMASA HAYAMI CHAIRMAN, TOYO ELECTRIC POWER CO Forget about Yamashita Corporation. Masaki, you should head to the arena. Your opponent is Muteba Gizenga. He's a legendary mercenary. Beat him to your heart's content. Got it, old man. You heard him. Let's drop it for now. There will be no next time. He... forgave me. He's nicer than he looks. Oh no! Are you all right? Let's raise a toast to celebrate your victory in the first round. To Ohma! -You're not joining me? -I'm starving. Please let me do what typical a president would do. I don't care about all that. It's not a big deal, anyway. It is. This is a huge step forward for Yamashita Corporation. Our company needs to pay off the debt which I was forced into. Whatever. Anyway, it was lucky that Dr. Hanafusa came by. -I hope Mr. Sawada will get better soon. -He'll be fine. He looks shady but I hear he's actually a very good doctor. Ohma. To tell you the truth, I am very grateful to you. All I used to do was flatter my boss, but my life has changed completely. I've started to see the world in a different way, as a man. What, Kazuo? Do you want to fight, too? No. Combat sports are not for me. Says who? It's only about being strong or weak. That's all. News flash from the Kengan Life-or-Death Tournament. -We just saw that man. -We happened to be on the scene, huh? A surprise attack? This tournament is getting intense. Who gives a shit? It's their fault for getting attacked. You know you could get attacked too, Ohma. Even though you're incredibly strong, I'm still worried. You have nothing to worry about, Kazuo. -You're wrong. You should listen to me. -You're drunk, aren't you? Despite my appearance, I'm old enough to be your father. What's wrong with worrying about my children? I don't give a shit about a father or whatever. Besides, I'm not your son. That's true. Actually, I have a son, though he never leaves his room. I guess I have no right to tell you what to do seeing as I'm not a good father to my own son. -Where are you going, Ohma? -To pee. I'm Niko Tokita. Call me Niko. NIKO TOKITA OHMA'S MASTER OF NIKO STYLE You don't have a name, do you? This area is between Tokita and Shichi-ohma, right? Okay. "Ohma." From now on, you're Ohma Tokita. Don't act like my father. Thank you for your patience. It's time to introduce the next fighters. GAME SEVEN Here comes the most powerful creature in Africa, the murder machine of the dark continent, the ruthless mammonish warrior. He has as many names as there are legends about him. A legendary mercenary is now entering the kengan match battlefield. Standing 199 cm tall and weighing 122 kg, this is his first kengan match appearance. Representing Iwami Heavy Industries, also known as "The Genocider," Muteba Gizenga! MUTEBA GIZENGA FIGHTER, IWAMI HEAVY INDUSTRIES TOMARI TOHGO PRESIDENT, IWAMI HEAVY INDUSTRIES Show them, Muteba, that duty and compassion mean nothing at all. And that it's the people who work for money that are truly strong. Muteba Gizenga, the legendary mercenary. Looks like Iwami Heavy Industries dropped a bundle on this. That Iwami chick is wasting her efforts. Next, let's introduce his opponent. This man's background is unknown. His fighting style is unknown. This enigmatic monster is going to run rampant in this kengan match. Standing 195 cm tall and weighing 130 kg, he makes his kengan match debut today. Representing Umiichi Securities, also known as "The Crying Man," Masaki Meguro! I'm so excited. Should I break him? Or should I strangle him? Or I could tear him apart. He's crying blood! Meguro is entering the arena with tears of blood running down his face! Watch me, Father. I'm going to kill him better than the way I killed you. -I made it. -Where's Ohma? KAEDE AKIYAMA NOGI GROUP CHAIRMAN'S SECRETARY -He told me to not to wait for him. -Okay. That's the guy who attacked Mr. Sawada. I had no idea he was a kengan fighter. I'm going to kill him. Kill... Kill... Kill... Kill... Kill... Kill... You're breathing very heavily. You're a psycho, aren't you? Take your stance. Fight! That's judo. Perfect. M... Meguro got the mount. Play with him, Masaki. My father told me... that judo is the strongest martial art. Cut the crap. Muteba's trying hard to escape the mount. But it seems like his punches are less effective because of his position. Hey. Why aren't you wearing anything? I can't pull my usual move on you. Meguro is strangling him! You can't breathe? Of course you can't. If you see my father on the other side, tell him that I'm very grateful to him for teaching me judo. Tell him yourself. He smashed his eyeball! He barely flinched! In that case... I'll only ask you once. I was hired to win, not to kill. I'll let you choose. Will you surrender or die? Did he just gain more power? Impossible. Does he not feel pain? Damn freak. Wh... what is going on here? Meguro's suffered substantial injuries, yet is somehow able to continue to attack Muteba! I remember. My father told me something else. His eye-for-an-eye policy was two eyes for one eye! Meguro gouged his eyes out. Does this man not have a human heart? Here you go. He got his testicles. That's Muteba's one brutal strike. What are those people doing? This is not combat sport. I don't understand. Is he immortal? -Euphoria? -Correct. It's one of the effects of endogenous opiates, such as endorphins and dopamine. In other words, it's a pleasant sensation produced by the brain. Meguro has a unique constitution in which his brain secretes natural drugs in proportion to the pain he feels. In short, any injury he receives is converted into pleasure. Although I have made some adjustments. -He's smiling. Meguro is wearing a smile! -What's wrong? What's wrong? Are you okay, Father? Oh. You're suffering. Okay, then. Let me finish you off. Don't cry. That's no use. I can see you as well as if you were sitting in the palm of my hand. Muteba threw him away! JERRY TYSON, FIGHTER, 22ND CENTURY FAX (ELIMINATED) I don't understand what's going on here at all. Didn't Muteba lose his vision? How was he able to dodge Meguro's attacks and deliver his blow? The fighters have discovered his secret. Muteba Gizenga, he was blind from the start. No way. That's impossible. He's been watching the matches on the monitors. Are you dumb? He wasn't watching. He was listening to the fighters' movements through the monitor. Sounds. He uses echo location to detect terrain and predicts the moves his opponents will make by picking up sounds. Smell. He determines the number of his enemies, their physical health and equipment based on smell. Finally, touch. He fine-tunes the terrain information he has already gathered. In his world, he can see better than an ordinary man. How can you see? You really are amazing... Father. He's put his elbow back into its position. Enough absurdity. Just die, you monster! You haven't trained your insides, have you? Masaki. Masaki. "KEEP OUT! NO TRESPASSING" Answer my question. Why did you have to kill your senior disciples? Because I couldn't help it. I've been holding it in for 13 years. I couldn't hold myself back anymore. I realized my son was not human. He was just a monster who'd been playing the role of a human... called Masaki Meguro. That was fun. Meguro! We have a winner. The winner is Muteba Gizenga. He was just a beast, after all. It's not important. We have one fighter... actually, no, we have two fighters moving into the second round. That was horrible. He delivered the death blow without hesitation. -Killing him was going too far. -I don't think so. He died because he was weak. The weaker one dies. It's the natural order of things, isn't it? That's not true, Ohma. Killing somebody is never a good thing. As a matter of interest, you haven't killed anyone, have you, Ohma? There's no need for you to feel guilty. I lost because I was weaker than him. That's all. But Ohma... Don't come over... to this side. You wouldn't understand. -Ohma? -Sorry. I'm going to take a nap. I'm a little tired. Ohma. Ohma Tokita. Poor man. He doesn't have much time left. PREVIEW Sumo or Pro-Wrestling? That's the philosophical question engraved on men's life stories. Neither one of them will give an inch. What do you believe in? Next episode: "Faith" Subtitle translation by Miki Miyaji Surf the internet with browser of future osdb.link/brave 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 