Kengan Ashura: Season 2, Episode 1 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Kengan Ashura 
 s2e1 - Überzeugungen - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Kengan Ashura (2019–…): Season 2, Episode 1 - Überzeugungen - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 The eighth game is about to begin! SAYAKA KATAHARA THE DAUGHTER OF METSUDO KATAHARA Please welcome our first fighter! He is the roughest of wrestlers, whose older brothers are yokozuna, grand champion sumo wrestlers. He's not just satisfied with fighting inside the sumo ring. He’ll take on any assault or threat if his clients ask him to. His bad attitude is at its peak. The troublemaker takes to the field carrying the honor of the sumo world. Standing at 194 cm. and weighing 159 kg., his kengan match record is seven wins and no losses. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 His assets total 22 billion 116 million 100 thousand yen. Representing MAGATANIEN, also known as the Brawler of the Sumo Ring, Takeru Kiohzan! TAKERU KIOHZAN REPRESENTATIVE FIGHTER OF MAGATANIEN How irreverent! That's the special loincloth only yokozuna are allowed to wear. JUZO MAGATANI, PRESIDENT SAKURA AKIYAMA, SECRETARY GEN SHIKANO CHAIRMAN OF GANDAI Yoisho! Yoisho! HARUO KOHNO, REP. FIGHTER OF NENTENDO (ELIMINATED IN THE FIRST ROUND) Oops. Sorry, bro. Are you hurt? He pulled me up? 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 No way! I weigh more than 300 kg.! Hey, are you leaving so soon? The next game is going to be fun. Watch it before you leave. Who the heck are you? You don't need to know my name. I'm just a pro-wrestler passing by. It's pro-wrestling versus sumo wrestling. They're often compared to each other, but it's time to decide who is stronger! Here the next man comes! This angel of destruction came from hell to represent the pro-wrestlers. He's entering second with confidence, as if to say his opponent is inferior. Standing at 196 cm. and weighing 141 kg., his kengan match record is 57 wins and one loss. His total assets are 555 billion 111 million 250 thousand yen. Representing GANDAI, also known as Hell's Angel, Jun Sekibayashi! JUN SEKIBAYASHI FIGHTER OF GANDAI -What?! -This bastard! OHMA TOKITA, REP. FIGHTER KAEDE AKIYAMA K. YAMASHITA His hairstyle is... Sekibayashi's hairstyle is the official one for sumo wrestlers! No, wait, it's back to front, breaking the rule among sumo wrestlers. It means pro-wrestling presents a huge challenge to sumo wrestling. Piece of crap! I'll blow you away. "CONVICTIONS" You're mad, aren't you? If you lose your temper so easily, you lack a sense of professionalism. Don't forget that we're entertainers before fighters. Okay. You two, take your positions. -You piss me off. -Such power! Too easy. Hey, Sekibayashi! Don't get carried away, trickster. Whoa, it's unbelievable! Before the referee's command, -Kiohzan started attacking! -Seriously? Ohma had a very hard time beating Sekibayashi. Though it was a surprise attack, he was taken down with only one attack? Can you go on, Sekibayashi? Come on! Pathetic. You bastard! This is going to hurt a bit, brat. Remember, kid. Pro-wrestlers are good actors. Now that's pro-wrestling! Awesome! Kiohzan? You've got the wrong idea. Remember, old man. Sumo wrestlers are sturdier than pro-wrestlers. That's the spirit. You could be a good pro-wrestler. Known as Hell's Angel, Jun Sekibayashi is... the top fighter of the Super Japan Pro-Wrestling. He's a big name both in the public and the underground field. Receiving all the attacks from enemies with pride, he always smashes them into smithereens like a heavy tank. But now, he is being overwhelmed. Brat! Don't get cocky! He doesn't budge. Jerks like you build up their body just to perform an entertainment show. We're not the same. As a sumo wrestler, I've built up my body purely to be strong. A person like me can't get beaten by a trickster like you. Oh, it seems Sekibayashi has lost consciousness! He jumped! Pro-wrestling isn't just about punching and kicking. Pro-wrestling is about fighting in three-dimensional space! This kind of fight must be new to you as sumo is all about fighting on a flat field. I'm not hurt at all, you trash. That's what I expected to hear. In a face-off between sumo wrestling and pro-wrestling, neither is stepping back. Hit after hit! JERRY TYSON, REP. FIGHTER OF 22ND CENTURY FAX Sekibayashi is hitting backhand chops nonstop! So impressive! Sekibayashi is fighting back! Go Sekibayashi! Sekibayashi! It's amazing. Don't get carried away, old fart! Neither of them is backing off at all! COSMO IMAI, REP. FIGHTER AKIRA NISHIHONJI, PRESIDENT Watch and learn, Cos. Sekibayashi has something you don't have as a fighter. Sense it from this game. If you can find it, you'll be stronger. This big shit! Why doesn't he guard himself? Kiohzan keeps carrying out his violent thrusts! Whoa! He hung on to the end! This is Jun Sekibayashi! He has absorbed all the storm-like attacks from Kiohzan without guarding! Hey, kid. Has your stamina run out? Don't underestimate me, you bastard! Why don't you block my attacks? Are you trying to insult me? Oh, no! Don't take it the wrong way. This is my style of pro-wrestling. Shit! I can't push him back. Come on. Don't you understand? It's my turn, right? I'll show you the quintessence of a pro-wrestler. Now I'm totally pissed off. I didn't think I'd have to show my style of sumo to a trickster like you, jerk. What a tragedy for Sekibayashi! He was only one step away from the victory before being regrettably knocked down! What happened between them? What a tragedy for Sekibayashi! He was only one step away from the victory before being regrettably knocked down! We never thought Kiohzan would use a technique like that. Is that okay? The sumo wrestler used a kick! Since I was a kid, I've been wondering, why is sumo so incomplete? With a well-trained body, why are we only permitted to use some limited techniques? However, at some point, I finally realized... that I can just use a kick. Damn it! I lost consciousness for a moment. Don't fall asleep yet. I'm going to teach you what true sumo wrestling is. Wow, a stream of blows! The sumo wrestler punches the pro-wrestler over and over. ADAM DUDLEY, REP. FIGHTER OF BOSS BURGER Can you really say it's sumo? That's more like MMA! Yes, it's sumo. Excuse me? Sumo was originally a mixed martial art in ancient times like pankration. Once in an ancient time, there was a match. It was the first kakuryoku match written in Japan's oldest history book. What decided the game was kicking. SUMO WRESTLING Before the present sumo was created, it was called kakuryoku. KAKURYOKU It was a martial art with no limits of blowing, throwing, grappling, or choking. Undoubtedly, that's sumo, or rather... I'd call it ancient sumo. You're quite a guy, old man. How long can you continue without guarding? You must want to die, huh? I don't care, though. If you want to die, I'd be happy to kill you! What are you doing? This little attack cannot beat me. He's smiling. How is he able to smile? The odds are completely against him. Is he insane? My knee may be damaged. But so what? I don't care if bones are broken or flesh is torn. Sumo boy, you look like you're running out of breath. But that's natural. Sumo wrestlers have bodies dedicated to fighting for a short time. Your style of sumo must interact quite badly with the authentic sumo wrestler's body. What's your next plan? Shaping up your body? Going on a diet or stamina training? Is that really "sumo"? What a load of rubbish! Son of a bitch! Kid, you really remind me of myself before I became a true pro-wrestler. Fall on the ground right now! Shitty old man! Head lock! You're who I was at that time. Guard yourself, please! It was when I was slightly over 30. I was in the corner for Kurachi, who joined a game of Vale Tudo, where anything goes. KARUGO KURACHI SUPER JAPAN PRO-WRESTLING Tell me, Kurachi! You could have won against him! Just tell me. Why did you lose on purpose? You said I lost on purpose? You're wrong, Jun. Pro-wrestling needs no guarding action. I just absorbed all his attacks. But... this was not pro-wrestling! Listen. How could a pro-wrestler not believe in pro-wrestling? "Believe in pro wrestling." Those simple words were enough for me. He told me... how a true pro-wrestler should be. He escaped! It's usually impossible to escape from Sekibayashi. This bastard... When will he fall down? You don't get it? Why do you think I don't fall down? Don't chitchat while fighting. But that's a part of pro-wrestling, too. You don't have a core. You don't love sumo, do you? Huh? I nailed it, didn't I? Did you really show me the "true sumo"? I watched it only to find it was just an imitation of mixed martial arts. Don't make me laugh. First of all, you haven't become a top sumo wrestler yet. So you don't deserve to deny sumo wrestling. Who do you think you're talking to! Here comes an Arm Whip! Sekibayashi has got back his momentum. Well, I think it's the right time now. Get up, brat. You have no time left. Yeah. Right. Let's finish this now. It's not that he's calmed down. It's rather the opposite. Beyond rage, this brat has designs against me. I have had enough, trickster. If you don't fall, all I need to do is to kill you. I like that, underling. Go ahead and kill me now. Huh? What? Making his stance much lower? Pro-wrestler, you said you could absorb all the attacks, right? Which part of the sumo wrestler's body has the most developed muscle? The answer is... the foot! He vanished? No... He's so fast that people with ordinary dynamic visual acuity can't trace him. It's a kind of headbutt no one but Kiohzan can do. It's twice as fast as normal and four times as powerful as normal. It is called Raging Vigor. I welcome it! The strongest spear... and the hardest shield. Only one of them can survive. Okay, come-- That was the mightiest impact that Sekibayashi had ever received. Sumo overcame pro-wrestling! However... the price of victory was too high. On the other hand... pro-wrestlers stand up at all times! You see, brat? Pro-wrestlers can endure a lot, huh? How can he stand up? Why am I on the ground? TAKESHI WAKATSUKI REP. FIGHTER OF FURUMI PHARMA Seki redirected the attack. The usual receiving method is to get rid of damage from yourself. But Seki's method is totally opposite. While receiving, he disrupts his foe's striking form and turns it against them. The stronger the foe's attack is, the more damage the foe receives. For pro-wrestling, Seki created... the super practical combat skill to receive and inflict damage. Wow. You understand, Cos? Of course, you're an excellent fighter. However, it's not only because you're young that you get caught off-guard when it counts. What you lack is... faith! In other words, obsession! A man with faith is... just strong! It's about 300 kg., a powerbomb with the weight of two men directly hitting his head. Even a sumo wrestler can't avoid concussion. I don't like this. How come I lost to... a piece of trash like him? Hey, boy. You were such a good entertainer. Thanks to you, I could enjoy a glorious ending. The game is over! Seki won because his mental preparation was better. The ancient sumo by Kiohzan is a formidable technique for sure. But Seki's dedicated his life to pro-wrestling while Kiohzan gave up on sumo. What made Seki the winner is his constant effort. It's not that sumo lost to pro-wrestling. Seki's backbone and pride overwhelmed Kiohzan's technique. -Be the champion! -Count on me! All right, we lost! Let's accept that. Sir, is this all part of your plan? Well, I'm not sure. We'd like to ask a favor, sir. Kiohzan is the future leader of the sumo world... KEN RYUOHZAN, SHINOBU KOUZAN (KIOHZAN'S BROTHERS) ...but right now, he's full of arrogance. Please, hurt his pride. It's for the future of sumo. Moreover, for our younger brother. We beg you. Since they were kids, I've looked after them. There is no way I can reject a request from them. Now in addition to this wound on my forehead, I owe you one more thing. Right, GANDAI? He got me. Um... excuse me. Oh, it's you. I didn't expect anyone to see this. Don't tell anyone, okay? A professional shouldn't show how he is behind-the-scenes to anyone. Do you think I can change? I'm a piece of trash. I've disappointed everyone... and I've reached rock bottom. Do you think a man like me can change, too? Of course, I do. You, too, can change for sure. So stop crying. Yes! The length of the game was six minutes and 47 seconds. Sekibayashi proceeds to the second round. And, Haruo Kohno has decided to become a pupil of Jun Sekibayashi. PREVIEW The ghost of Master Niko Tokita appears. Cut the crap! Ashura has no warm memories. How will you end up fighting when Advance takes so much of your life, Ashura? Next episode: "Master and Pupil." Subtitle translation by Hinako Someno Surf the internet with browser of future osdb.link/brave 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 