Kengan Ashura: Season 1, Episode 3 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Kengan Ashura 
 s1e3 - Tough Guy - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Kengan Ashura (2019–…): Season 1, Episode 3 - Tough Guy - full transcript 
 Omha Tokita is battle tested and faces a bigger threat in his next fight in the kengan matches, in the form of a highly skilled pro wrestler. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 The Kengan match can only be watched by selected members and other authorized people. It is held outside of the public eye. The particular atmosphere makes them so enthusiastic that a huge amount of money is exchanged in just a moment. The next Kengan match will be between GANDAI and Nogi Group. VENUE: UNDERGROUND PARKING LOT KIMURA SECURITIES BUILDING Ohma Tokita, the affiliated fighter for Nogi Group. Chairman Nogi and Ms. Akiyama are late. The match could begin at any moment. KAZUO YAMASHITA NOGI PUBLICATIONS, NOGI GROUP 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Well, I still can't believe it. Ohma's opponent for today is-- On the other side is the affiliated fighter for GANDAI. Jun Sekibayashi! Jun Sekibayashi, known as "Hell's Angel," from Super Japan Pro-Wrestling, a major organization covering every style from hardcore to standard. As its unshakable champion, he is a big name in public combat sports. Public combat sports versus underground martial arts... I can't miss such a big match! THE STRONG Stay away from each other. On your mark, okay? Hey, new boy. I'll tell you something. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 I'm nothing like the guys you've fought so far in your Kengan career. I am the first fighter you've faced who is an authentic warrior. Are you ready, you two? Okay, set. -Fight! -Now let's-- You are such a talkative warrior. You're totally unguarded. Sorry for that. The nature of my profession makes me talkative. Nice reflexes. Arm Whip? A classic technique. Ohma's punch didn't hurt him. He's physically tougher than Lihito. Yes, you're doing well. Although it was such a strange form of kicking, he easily kicked out Ohma who weighs over 80kg! This is a professional wrestler. This is Jun Sekibayashi! HIDEKI NOGI, CHAIRMAN OF NOGI GROUP GEN SHIKANO, CHAIRMAN OF GANDAI You're doing well. Exercise your right fully. Right to what? I mean, you guys have a right... to escape from pain. By receiving, passing off, or avoiding the attacks, you can use all possible ways to guard yourself. On the other hand, we wrestlers have a duty. Whether it's blunt weapons, knives or even bombs, professional wrestlers have a duty to face them head-on. This is your right, and our duty. Now exercise your right as much as you like. You amateur. He looks down on all people except pro-wrestlers. He's clearly looking down! Do you like close combat? You rat! What are you doing? You've just escaped... from pain. You failed to fulfill your duty. You think you're funny? Here it comes! Ohma's... Ohma's what? A technique... to control the flow of power! It's working! Go Ohma! Keep on pushing. Give him a finishing one, Ohma! Okay, the bonus time is over. Just remember. We professional wrestlers are great actors, too. No, Ohma! That's the first time I've heard that sound. The sound of flesh being slammed down on the concrete floor. Tokita, you okay? -Can you go on? -Stand up! -All right, then! Here I go! -Sekibayashi! He pulled him up! Once again. Ohma, please! Has he... blacked out? All right, another one! Sekibayashi! -Ohma! -Great, Sekibayashi! Finish him off! You should surrender now, young man! You can't win, so just give up before he kills you. -Take it back! -Huh? Take back what you just said. Who are you? Ohma never loses. He will never lose, even if the opponent is Sekibayashi. "Never loses"? But how could he win in that situation? Sorry to tell you this, but there's no chance. You don't understand. Ohma Tokita is a man who'll never end like this. Whatever kind of monster it is, he can ultimately beat it. That's Ohma! Sorry to interrupt your speech, but your friend is about to be ended. All right. It's almost the time to finish this match. Dramatically, okay? -Yay! -Oh no! That's Sekibayashi's killer technique. Argentine Backbreaker! No way! Please. Will you really end here, Ohma? Come on! For God's sake, please fight back! When was the last time I came here? I'll borrow it from you again for the first time in a while. What's that sound? What the heck is going on? What... did you do to me? His... fingers! What did I do? I’ve borrowed something in advance! Huh? What are you talking about? Solid... Wow, he's pushing. He's pushing a man who weighs 60kg more than himself with his power. What strength that guy has! No. That's not him. That's not his usual style. What on earth happened to him? You jerk. It's getting much more fun! Ha! I'm quite disadvantaged... with these fingers. But... excellent! The harder my challenge is... the more excited the audience gets. He did a backhand chop with broken fingers! That didn't stop him, huh? What's going on in this match? Tokita punches brutally and Sekibayashi just withstands it. Is it an endurance game? Hey, look. He's even going forward. Being attacked like a typhoon... Sekibayashi isn't over yet! He kicked him back. Neither gives in an inch. No. It's entirely different from Ohma's usual fighting style. TAKESHI WAKATSUKI, FURUMI PHARMA What's up, Wakatsuki? Hey, Imai. Hey. Long time no see. COSMO IMAI, NISHIHONJI SECURITY SERVICES Well, he's amazing. His power is no less than that of Sekibayashi. That's not about power but rotation rate. Rotation rate? Right. What increased in him is not the power but the speed. With the same mass, his attack naturally gets stronger according to the speed. The faster speed also tremendously increases the frequency of punches compared to before. That is the rotation rate. You guys always think about such complicated stuff while you fight? You think too little. What I want to know is where this new power came from. Anyway, the way Tokita moves is different from that in the match with Lihito. Today's Ohma looks like a savage beast that shows raw aggressiveness and demonic character. I've never seen this side of him. Is it Ohma's true identity? -It's a hit! -What are you doing, Sekibayashi? -Defend yourself! -I bet a lot of money on you! They don't understand. How could you be a professional wrestler without taking all the attacks? Come on! -Sekibayashi is coming back! -Go! Hey, what's wrong? Don't take a rest there. Okay, I'm going to finish this match. Sekibayashi! -Finish it! -Ohma, please! Here I come! What was that? -That was... -Yeah. That man cut off his air supply. Finished? What just happened? He beat Sekibayashi with one punch? I see! He targeted Sekibayashi's windpipe. Once the air supply to the brain is cut off, his tenacity doesn't matter anymore. He couldn't stay conscious. Ohma's attacking power, combined with Sekibayashi's rushing power, converted entirely into damage to Sekibayashi. Ohma was waiting for a chance to counter. The winner is Ohma Tokita for Nogi Group. WINNER: OHMA TOKITA (NOGI GROUP) LOSER: JUN SEKIBAYASHI (GANDAI) Yes. He did it! I was wrong. He's not different at all. As I saw, the primal instinct of fighting and the sophisticated game plan are the true nature of Ohma Tokita. You were too hardy. Old man. Oh gosh, you won. You have an eye. Oh, thank you. I like you! -Let's have a drink someday. -Ah, yes. A drink? Oh, well. Whatever. I have to take care of Ohma first. Excellent! What a surprise! -Is that the chairman? -No way. It was excellent. Who's that? -That's... -Chairman Katahara! Katahara? I must be dreaming. Why? What is the governor of Dainippon Bank doing here?! METSUDO KATAHARA Why is he... Just to watch the match? As he's here, Fang must be here, too... What do you think, Wakatsuki? I'm not sure, but... The chairman of the Kengan Association has come. It's obvious the situation is out of the ordinary. Chairman Katahara. Hi, Nogi. I really appreciate your coming here today. Nogi. You found a great fighter. You agree with me, right? Don't you, Sekibayashi? He's indeed a great fighter. I had no idea I would lose. Shit... it’s surprising that hardly any damage is left in him. For now, you're the winner. Even Sekibayashi approves his ability. It means he really is someone. So, did you make a decision? Shikano. Yes, sir. You won, Mr. Nogi. I keep my word. We, GANDAI, agree with the resolution proposed by Nogi Group, calling for the battle for the chairman's post of the Kengan Association. The battle for the chairman's post! You need 50 affirmative votes to hold the battle for the chairman's post. Now the conditions are satisfied. Which means... You qualify for crossing swords with me, Metsudo Katahara. So much pressure. An enormous energy like from a volcano is blowing out from that thin old man. With his overwhelming presence, he is like a supernatural being in a human shape. I can't move an inch. His outrageously extravagant pressure is still present. Or, I should say, it keeps growing, even if he is over 90 already. That spooky old man... I know what I'm doing. Metsudo Katahara, the 58th chairman of the Kengan Association. I will make you leave your position. That's a good one. You really make me excited. I accept your challenge. I allow you to use anything you have to beat me and Fang of Metsudo. Fang of Metsudo... And Fang of Metsudo himself is... not with us now, unfortunately. Fang... It's quite difficult to beat him. What the... The air is thick with tension. Excuse me, what is Fang of Metsudo? -Don't you know? -No. He's the fighter that Metsudo Katahara has. They say he's the strongest fighter of all Kengan history. The strongest! His record is 157 victories and no losses, something no one has ever accomplished. Fang... Mr. Katahara, please. Well... as of today, as the chairman of the Kengan Association, KENGAN LIFE-OR-DEATH I hereby declare the opening of the Kengan Life-or-Death Tournament. "Death" means you may die, right? Sounds interesting, I want to join it! Maybe I should lead my boss on. Of course, we will participate in the tournament, too. I'll count on you, Sekibayashi. Really? You've just seen me lose, sir. Unfortunately, I don't know any other fighter greater than you. Besides, professional wrestling is the best of three points, isn't it? The best of three points? What classic rule are you talking about? I feel raging energy from each of you. Your wish has no value when it's easily granted just by having it in mind. Something you truly need is always lying beyond death. Anyone who wishes to take the position of the Association Chairman is welcome. Send the fighter you think is the strongest to the tournament! It doesn't matter if he is a martial artist, a gangster, or even a psycho killer. Defeat my Fang and grab your real life beyond death. A tournament? That'll work for me. That bastard never misses an exciting event like this. I'm sure he'll show up. Definitely. I've been waiting for you, asshole. Get ready for my attack... preserved for these ten years. A story of a grudge. A wish for revenge. Too far to regard him as a longtime enemy. Beyond the food chain in the jungle law, there is a man waiting for him. Next episode: "Reunited" Subtitle translation by Hinako Someno Surf the internet with browser of future osdb.link/brave 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 