Kengan Ashura: Season 2, Episode 5 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Kengan Ashura 
 s2e5 - Die Teufelslanze - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Kengan Ashura (2019–…): Season 2, Episode 5 - Die Teufelslanze - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 PREV. FIGHTER OF NOGI GROUP The Dive King: Shigeru Komada. PREV. FIGHTER OF YOSHITAKE REAL ESTATE The Russian Reaper: Ivan Karaev. These two ex-fighters are now... LIHITO (ICHIRO NAKATA) ...employed by SH Frozen Storage run by Lihito. VICE-PRESIDENTS Cheers! Drinking after work is superb. Definitely. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Right! Labor is divine. -Lihito! -Huh? I misunderstood you. I was almost killed by you, but you actually are a good guy, President! -Now you see it? -Yeah. You're kind enough to give both of us new jobs. I appreciate you, Lihito. Take this as a token of my gratitude. That's the superior sake brand, Kotozakura! Wow, you bought it for us? Let's drink until we drop tonight! Yeah, until we drop dead! Don't hype it up too much! I feel so sick. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Guess I drank too much. Huh? You're so tough. Is Kengan Life-or-Death Tournament... something you really want to join, Lihito? Do you really need to take the risk and thrust yourself into danger? Well... how can I put it... I can't accept it. Accept what? I can hardly accept that there are people stronger than me. I may have no other chance like this. As a man, I cannot miss it now! This guy is different from us. We chose to be fighters to live but that's not his case. It's Lihito's innocent desire... to gain the title of the strongest! The Super Human has come back! GAME 12 Fingers are his weapons. His extraordinary grip strength makes it possible... SAYAKA KATAHARA DAUGHTER OF METSUDO KATAHARA ...to rip flesh and cut bone! He calls himself the first man in kengan history to be a fighting member of the association. Now he is bravely making his comeback! Standing at 188 cm and weighing 102 kg, his kengan match record is five wins and one loss. Representing SH Frozen Storage, which is making its first appearance, also known as Lihito the Super Human, Ichiro Nakata! Nakata! Don't call me by my real name! Please don't, Sayaka. And next comes the man who'll fight against the Super Human! A hatchet man has come from the underground community. The Kure Family are not the only assassins. His form is an assassination styled martial arts originated in Okinawa called the Kaiwan Style! Can his brutal arms live up to their namesake style to win it all? Standing at 185 cm and weighing 96 kg, this is his kengan match debut. Representing Motor Head Motors, also known as the Devil Lance... Gensai Kuroki! GENSAI KUROKI, REPRESENTATIVE FIGHTER OF MOTOR HEAD MOTORS THE DEVIL LANCE The Kaiwan Style... Gensai Kuroki. REI MIKAZUCHI, REP. FIGHTER OF GOLD PLEASURE GROUP I thought he'd never appear in public. Is he strong? RINO KURAYOSHI CHAIRWOMAN I'd say he's as strong as Agito Kanoh. Now I see... why they avoided the match with him when creating the tournament matchups. KIRIMI TAKAKAZE Kuroki. I never expected you to say that you'd like to join the tournament. You're so unlucky, old buddy, that you have to fight me in your first game. Don't blame me even if you lose, okay? Whoever wins, let's just accept the result. Yo, are you listening to me? Hey, old man. You're relaxed enough to sigh. Remember your opponent is the Super Human, Lihito the Ripper. Don't get cocky, asshole. Behave yourself before the game! All right. You're too young. Arrogant, silly and weak. Huh? I'll rip you, okay? Now, it's the Super Human versus the Devil Lance. Who will survive? Take your stance. Fight! Here I come! You jerk! Ouch... shit! I took you down twice. Don't take me lightly! Third time. And the fourth. You bastard. What do you want, stopping at the last moment? I don't use my fists to hit weak people. Surrender, young fighter. You shouldn't hesitate to admit the difference in our capabilities. How laughable. Every one of you jerks here are underestimating me! Don't look down on me! Look down on you? It's an appropriate evaluation. He's bleeding! His killer technique Razor's Edge was launched! Tsk... I should make it deeper. Did you think I was just rolling over for nothing? I've finally gotten the hang of your movements! Hmm... he injured Kuroki. You, young fighter. I have to reevaluate you. Too late! I need to rip deeper to defeat him. So, your attack style is cutting. Well... that's also... interesting. I'll take it. I don't want to admit it, but it would be hard to beat this guy by myself. If I stay back, he'll finish me off. Then... going forward is my only option! Okay, I can see his move. Got it now. I've memorized your pattern of movement! Wow, this is becoming a real fight! YOSHIKO TOGAWA PRES. OF MURDER MUSIC Lihito... KEIZABURO SAWADA (ELIMINATED) Are you Lihito of Bakada High School? You look like much more of a fool than I've heard. And you're the gang leader of Kama High? What a creepy look, huh? Who're you calling creepy, ape? Ouch! What're you doing, shitty pansy! Don't underestimate me! -Nuts to you! -That's my line! I've hated you ever since we first met. If you lose to any men other than me, I won't forgive you! I can cut him. My attack is working against him! It doesn't matter how strong this old man is. My Razor's Edge can kill a man with just one attack. If only it hits, I can beat anybody! Take this! Don't let my hands distract you! My kick can get you. See? Yes, I am the Super Human. Watch out, Tokita. And you too, shithead. I'll never lose to anyone anymore. I'll never let anyone take me lightly! Give him a fuckin' heavy one, asshole! I find this to be more pitiful than ridiculous. Did you really believe you could defeat me? It's just that I was playing with you by your rules. You can't see the difference in our capabilities. That's why I said that you're weak. Shove off, the weak. The Kaiwan Style is an assassination martial art that began in ancient Okinawa. The essence of Okinawan karate, Okinawan traditional martial art, and also Chinese martial arts are included in this style. It requires basic training for a tenacious body, kata training, and the study of meridian, acupuncture points and qigong. The most extreme among them is the training for the body parts using makiwara striking posts, sand bags and iron palm. You have to spend most of the day practicing for these various trainings. You just keep destroying your body as if you were a self-injurer. After going through all the torment, your extremities will become like lances. They call them... the devil lances. What was that? It was heavier than ever before. Oh, well. The game is over. There is no one who can stand up to Kuroki. Too fragile. Is this the level of the kengan fighters? How boring. I'll finish the game now. What's that stupid ape doing? Stand up now, or I'll kill you! Now, now. You should stay quiet in bed. Stand up, asshole! Gensai Kuroki... He's a terribly polished fighter. HAJIME HANAFUSA In terms of spec, Lihito has no advantage. That's nothing more than numerical talk though. It seems you can't even bluff anymore. I feel pity for you being so weak. I'll beat you with my full power. See what power is. Ah, it's so silent. I can see his movements very clearly. What are those guys shouting? It's really quiet. As if time is standing still. Oh, yeah. I remember. When Tokita attacked me, the world around me looked this way. Someone told me before... that you'll see everything in slow motion if you're in an extreme situation. I see. I'm in an extreme situation now. Which means... look... I mean... If I can turn the game around here, I'll create a super sensation, right?! Oh, awake already? It's amazing, you're really tough. You can even make Seagal aghast. NAOYA OHKUBO FIGHTER OF MUJI TELEVISION NETWORK Where am I? -I'm... -No need to panic. We're in a waiting room for fighters, because the medical office is full. -Mr. Yamashita went to get the doc-- -Hey, hold on a second. What about my match? Now you remembered. You have the worst luck. It's possible that the old buddy is equal in strength to the Fang of Metsudo. There may be no one in the tournament who can have a satisfying game with him. Well, in fact, my first opponent is the Fang of Metsudo. What a tragedy! I'd like to escape. I see. Oh well. I should accept the result as it is. It's too late to look back on what's already happened. I'll stop thinking! Wow, even you have time to think about something. Shut up, skinhead! Just show a little kindness to the injured. Hey, where are you going? To hit on girls. No game anymore, and is there any reason to have a boring time with a man? Do you think you can pick up girls in your condition, idiot? Please make up some good explanation to tell Kaede and the others. See ya. Geez... He's really not good at telling a lie. Leave it to me. I promise I'll win this tournament. I'm going to get revenge for you! Haven't you realized? There is no place for a normy like you in this tournament. Shove off, the weak. The game's over! Now the game is finished! The winner is the Devil Lance, Gensai Kuroki! He just kept overwhelming Lihito. No one would dispute his advance to the second round! The Super Human's ambition was thwarted at this point in time! Damn it! Excuse me. KAEDE AKIYAMA, SECRETARY NOGI GROUP It's almost time to go. Are you okay? Why don't you turn the light on-- His atmosphere isn't the same as usual. Oh, is it my time? SEN HATSUMI REP. FIGHTER OF NOGI GROUP All right then, shall we go? Lihito lost and Ohma's victory is doubtful, too. HIDEKI NOGI, CHAIRMAN OF NOGI GROUP I still have Hatsumi. But there’s no room for playing it safe now. YOSHIRO YOSHITAKE PRES. YOSHITAKE REAL ESTATE Nogi, you old bastard... You really messed around with me, huh? How dare you send this assassin to me. Maybe your plan was to take me as a hostage, but too bad! My motto is "no escape!" All the disasters poured on me will be directly intercepted by me! OHMA TOKITA, REP. FIGHTER OF YAMASHITA CORPORATION The next game is about to begin. Please get back to your seats. Hey, Ohma. Yeah? Do you think he'll do well? Who? I mean Mr. Hatsumi. KAZUO YAMASHITA YAMASHITA CORPORATION If no one from Nogi Group wins, my life would be over. Chairman Nogi thrust the 5.1 billion debt on me. -5.1 billion yen in debt, okay? -He just needs to win. That's all. You are right there, but... I don't want to admit it, but he's strong. Unless he gets careless. Besides, I'm not going to lose, either. The wait is over! It's time to begin the 13th game in Block D. Let me introduce this man first! GAME 13 No one in kengan history has ever been more irresponsible than him. He has a reliable capability, but also a moody nature that troubles his employer. The famous Hatsumi-style aikido has come back! Standing at 178 cm and weighing 84 kg, his kengan match record is 39 wins and 15 losses. Total assets he's acquired is one trillion 440 billion 182 million and 800 thousand yen. Representing Nogi Group, also known as the Floating Cloud, Sen Hatsumi! Time to get the job done. Hatsumi! Wow, he's shown up! Fight seriously today, please! Can't they see how serious I am? What?! You're... the daughter of Chairman Katahara? You grew up! Long time no see! Look, do you want to try some adventure with me as adults? Really? What are we going to do? -What shall... oh? -Oops, next introduction! Let's welcome the opponent! We have no information on this next man's background. Yoshitake Real Estate, now one of the most famous companies in kengan matches, decided to choose this man for this tournament! Who the heck is he? Standing at 179 cm and weighing 85 kg, he makes his kengan match debut today. Representing Yoshitake Real Estate, also known as the Faceless Man, Takayuki Chiba! What? An old man? Um... hi! Sir, this isn't the auditorium... what?! What the hell is that? An old man suddenly became a guy with muscles! TAKAYUKI CHIBA YOSHITAKE REAL ESTATE Hi! Were you surprised? Oh? PREVIEW Doctors need demon's hands and Buddha's heart. It's the heart of medical art. However, what if their hands are possessed by the devil? A cruel killer versus the Dissector. A sense of morality gets unstable in madness. Next episode: "Oddities" Subtitle translation by Hinako Someno Surf the internet with browser of future osdb.link/brave 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 