Kengan Ashura: Season 1, Episode 6 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Kengan Ashura 
 s1e6 - Pulling Strings - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Kengan Ashura (2019–…): Season 1, Episode 6 - Pulling Strings - full transcript 
 Backstage Strategies, Sabotage and Scuffles commence in the Luxury Liner following an open ended Announcement from Kengan Association Chairman Katahara Metsudo. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Back when I was a young student, I watched a foreign movie. I still remember the party scene on a luxury cruise ship. I was deeply impressed by how gorgeous and exquisite it was. "I want to join such a party someday. To make it happen, I will work my way up in society!" It might have been my youth that motivated me that way. Decades have passed since then. KAZUO YAMASHITA PRESIDENT, YAMASHITA CORPORATION I wish I could tell my young self... that one day my dream would come true! Although it comes with a huge debt. This is a whole different world to me. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 OHMA TOKITA FIGHTER, YAMASHITA CORPORATION -I prefer the other ship to this one. -Mr. Yamashita, Ohma. Mr. Nogi! HIDEKI NOGI CHAIRMAN, NOGI GROUP It's been a while, Ohma. Congratulations on getting through to the tournament. I won my place in the tournament myself, the way you suggested. But that doesn't mean that I'm going to be your pawn. PULLING STRINGS Come on, Kaede. Don't be so heartless. KAEDE AKIYAMA, CHAIRMAN'S SECRETARY, NOGI GROUP -Can I get your number at least? -You're being too persistent, Lihito. Besides, shouldn't you be with your employer right now? My employer? I don't have one. I'm on my own. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 As a matter of fact, I'm the president of SH Frozen Storage. LIHITO PRESIDENT AND FIGHTER, SH FROZEN STORAGE What? Does that mean you're a president and a fighter? Surprised? I wouldn't be here if it wasn't for your boss, -Chairman Nogi. -Hey. Get away from me. I was fired as a fighter and got a part-time job for a shipping company under Nogi Group. They paid me well. Then one day, Nogi visited me unexpectedly. His words made me snap out of my stupor. Lihito, you're not the type of person who deserves to work under others. You should start your own company at once. You think so too? I'll entrust you with a food company we bought out recently. Wow! But hold on a second. Being a president does appeal to me, but I want to be a fighter again. Don't worry. You'll make a comeback as the first ever "president fighter." Wow. The first ever? That sounds awesome! -You just need to sign this contract. -Okay! -I'll lend you as much money as you need. -Okay! All you'll need is the challenge fee to get membership and then the entry fee to the tournament. -It's not very much at all. -Okay! -It's only five billion yen in total. -Okay! That's how I made a sudden comeback to kengan matches. He's been conned. You've succeeded then. -So, if you win... -He won't. ...will you become the chairman of the Kengan Association? What? Don't you know anything? If I win the tournament, -I must designate Nogi as the chairman. -What? -It's part of the contract. -Designate him? -Is that allowed, Ms. Akiyama? -Yes. The reward for winning the tournament is the right to designate the chairman. The choice of the next chairman is in the hands of the winning company. Yamashita Corporation has the same contract. The more participants you control, the more of an advantage you have. Mr. Nogi didn't tell me any of this. Wait a second. Ms. Akiyama, does that mean... I suppose other companies are probably using the same tactics as us. Many companies drag other companies into their own camp through buyouts, conciliation and coercion. This is what will be happening behind the scenes. This tournament is essentially a stratagem battle between companies to secure the position of chairman. -Basically, we just need to win. -Yeah. I don't feel comfortable in a fancy place like this. What's going on there? NAOYA OHKUBO FIGHTER, MUJI TELEVISION NETWORK That's the absolute champion of ultimate fighting, Naoya Ohkubo. Wait, why are they playing Japanese chess? Hey, Kazu! Ken! KEN OHYA GINOKUNIYA BOOKSHOP CHAIRMAN -I've been looking for you. -Is everything all right? Kazu, you're good at Japanese chess, aren't you? Well, yeah. I believe so. Avenge me and beat him. I can't win no matter how many times I try. Really? You lost against Ohkubo? Not him. That guy! There. That's checkmate. Goddamn it! Why can't I win? SUEKICHI KANEDA JAPANESE CHESS PLAYER Well, too bad. I look forward to your next challenge. Now, is there anyone else who would like to challenge me? The challenge fee is 10,000 yen. If you win, I will give you 100,000 yen... Gambling on Japanese chess? Here? Who is he anyway? That's my friend, Suekichi Kaneda. He's from outside of the kengan world. Why did you bring an outsider here? I met him at a Japanese chess center yesterday and we became friends. We went for drinks and really hit it off. I invited him on the spur of the moment. Oh? Mr. Ohya. Is that the man you were talking about? Yes, this is Mr. Yamashita. He has 50 years’ experience in Japanese chess. Wow. You must really be a tough one. I hope you go easy on me. This guy must underestimate me. All right. Let me show you my skills. People used to call me "Kazu the Twisting Rook." Behold. There. Checkmate. What! That's the fifth time in a row that I've lost! Don't beat yourself up so much. You did a fine job. Even Kazu couldn't match him. He's pretty good. TAKAYUKI CHIBA FIGHTER, YOSHITAKE REAL ESTATE It's as if he can see his opponent's every move in advance. Hey, look. Isn't that Chairman Katahara? -It's him! -It's Chairman Katahara! What's he doing up there? Thank you all for waiting. Let's get started. METSUDO KATAHARA, GOVERNOR OF DAINIPPON BANK & KENGAN ASSOCIATION CHAIRMAN SEN HATSUMI FIGHTER, NOGI GROUP Here he is, the monster geezer. The ship will arrive at the battlefield in about 27 hours from now. Twenty-seven hours? That's a long trip. Upon arriving at the battlefield, you must register your fighters. This will see them entered officially into the Kengan Life-or-Death Tournament. Entered officially? What does that mean? One more thing. Private battles between kengan fighters on this ship are firmly prohibited. Those who break this order will be sanctioned by the Guards. THE GUARDS PRIVATE ARMY OF METSUDO KATAHARA That's all. You may return to enjoying the voyage. I see. This is just... Perfect. -Nogi. -Oh! It's been a long time. SHION SORYUIN CHAIRWOMAN, KOUOU EDUCATION GROUP -Ms. Soryuin. -Let's skip the pleasantries. What did you think of the chairman's speech? Oh. You noticed, too? Do you think something triggered it? Who knows? The Kengan Association is full of ambitious people. Ambitious people? -Are you talking about yourself? -You're as sexy as ever. -Huh. Ohma Tokita. -Wow! He's hot! Huh? Do I know you? You're even more handsome close up. I can see why our fighter, Kiryu, is chasing after you. Setsuna Kiryu. Where is that asshole? Oh no! Ms. Soryuin! Don't lose your cool, boy. Are you trying to hit on me? What are you doing, Tokita? I don't know what kind of history you guys have, but I can tell you this. He is extraordinarily strong. If you want to fight him, you should prepare yourself to some extent. SETSUNA KIRYU FIGHTER, KOUOU EDUCATION GROUP What the hell are you? Blood splatter from the blow you struck fell on him and defiled his body. You should die. Yes, companies are allowed to change the fighter they have chosen to represent them. What? RYO HIMURO GINOKUNIYA BOOKSHOP Are you kidding me right now, Kaneda? Oh, no. That's not my intention at all. So, I'll ask you one more time, Mr. Himuro. Will you allow me to represent you instead? You want to be our fighter? What's wrong with you, Kaneda? -It's too late to switch-- -No, it's not. The chairman mentioned two things in his speech which caught my attention. The first thing was that the fighters are only officially registered upon arrival. To put it another way, until we arrive at our destination, you are allowed to change your fighters. That can't be true. Don't you remember he also said private battles weren't allowed on the ship? What he actually said was that battles between kengan fighters are forbidden. That brings me to the second thing. Battles with outsiders are not prohibited. If you want proof of that, look over there. Those Guards are watching me organize a private battle yet they're making no attempt to try to stop me. Oh my God. I didn't think there could be a loophole like this in the passenger-on-board rule. Hey, Himuro! Don't worry, Mr. Ohya. I won't harm your friend. I'll get this done in no time. You're scaring me! He's not bluffing, he's perfectly serious. All right, then. Let's get started. The winner will represent Ginokuniya Bookshop. Is that okay with you? It's not like I have anything against you or-- Don't be vain. You are no match for me. He's fast and he's a southpaw. I'll give you one minute. If you can withstand my attacks for one minute, you can be their fighter. That's very kind of you. I'm not going to pull any punches. You should prepare yourself. It's okay. This isn't a problem. I just need to watch out for his left fist while I analyze his-- That was a vertical fist! No, I was wrong. He's not a southpaw. I see. Mr. Himuro, you practice Jeet Kune Do, don't you? Jeet Kune Do is a modern martial art based on Chinese Kung Fu which has ambiguous fighting tactics. It uses a stance with the dominant arm and leg forward and unique trapping techniques. It allows all kinds of forbidden moves, such as poking eyes, attacking the groin and kicking joints. The battles are kept brief and short. The average match lasts for a mere six seconds. It's my balance. He worked that out by observing the position of my center of gravity. You have a keen eye. Good luck with that. Feel free to surrender as soon as you've had enough. Is he just going to defend himself for the whole minute? Don't underestimate me. Die, sucker! Whoa, Himuro. Don't take it too far. He got him right in the ribs! I hope you get it now, Kaneda. Kengan matches are no game. So don't joke around. Is he serious? Does he still think he can win? Kaneda hit Himuro. It looks like I scored a bull's eye. What the hell? How did he manage to hit me? How was that? I'm not that bad, am I? You freaking newbie. You're getting too cocky. Playtime's over. I'm going to ask you again. Will you allow me to represent Ginokuniya Bookshop instead? What's happening? How did he beat me? I'm so tired. Why don't we have a little break? Himuro. He's got serious. I admit it. You're strong. What a murderous expression on his face. What is the most powerful weapon in Jeet Kune Do? Is it breaking a joint? Or kicking the groin? No. The answer is... the combination of the fastest and the shortest. The average punch velocity of a middleweight boxer is ten meters per second. Himuro's punch velocity however, is an outstanding 15 meters per second. Furthermore, he can shift to the offensive in an instant while still blocking his opponent's attacks. It makes the opponent experience his punches faster than they actually are. Eye jab? He's trying to kill me! That's enough, Himuro! Kaneda can't take anymore. It's over now. Perfect! That felt amazing. But he did make it difficult... What? Thank you, Mr. Himuro. Now I'm the winner. He broke his arm! My timing was perfect. How? Wow. That must hurt a lot. So, what do you say? Do you want to continue? Kaneda, I'm going to kill you! You can stop now, Himuro! Even you can't fight with only one arm. He hit his broken arm! Suddenly, Himuro's blows stopped landing on Kaneda. What kind of trick is Kaneda using? What the hell was that? Kaneda dodged Himuro's kick faster than he could deliver it? No way! Blow to the liver in one second. One and a half steps back. And... he missed it. I can't believe that Kaneda can actually predict Himuro's every move. Is that even possible? Can we finish this now? It took me a while, but I can read your every move now. You've already been checkmated. It's not cool to go on struggling in vain. Why don't you just concede? Shut up! Of course, it had to end like this. The Kujin Style... Falling Bucket. Kaneda. You should have had enough by now, Mr. Himuro. Just stay lying there. Stop, Kaneda! That's enough! Mr. Himuro. You're incredible. I admire your tenacity and determination to triumph. However, this is checkmate. Himuro was the strongest fighter our company has ever had. But he still lost... to this unknown man. So what? Being strong is absolute and the only truth. Kaneda, why don't you become our fighter? RYO HIMURO FIGHTER, GINOKUNIYA BOOKSHOP SUEKICHI KANEDA FIGHTER, GINOKUNIYA BOOKSHOP Hey, Tokita. I've been looking for you. I'm digesting my food. People are holding so many parties on this ship. Free food and drink is awesome. By the way, did you hear? Ginokuniya's fighter, Himuro, was defeated by a stranger. Who is this Kaneda guy? Actually, should we be worried about ourselves? It turns out battles are allowed as long as they're not between kengan fighters. Who cares? What? You should, Tokita. It means we run the risk of being attacked by somebody. Thank you for coming. TAKESHI WAKATSUKI FIGHTER, FURUMI PHARMA You'd better mean it. COSMO IMAI FIGHTER, NISHIHONJI SECURITY SERVICES -I was in the middle of having dinner. -Could you stop eating for a moment? Strange. What is it? The rules of this tournament allow for collusion, bribery and intimidation. I don't see how those rules benefit the chairman. So, you're wondering why he has those rules? Who's behind all this? And who can we trust? Misjudging this could cost us our lives. Here they come already. Look. They're kengan fighters. Let's crush them and take their spots. MISFORTUNE Well, I guess my plan to talk to you covertly has worked against me. No. This is perfect. I was getting bored of this voyage. Whoa. Don't you have any sense of danger? Well, looks like it's time for a little workout. Let's do this. PREVIEW This is the battlefield of the tournament, Ganryu Island. Men, women, geniuses, gods and demons. The time has come. Spin the roulette wheel of fate. Next episode: "The Night Before" Subtitle translation by Miki Miyaji Surf the internet with browser of future osdb.link/brave 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 