The Lake Erie Murders: Season 2, Episode 2 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 The Lake Erie Murders 
 s2e2 - The Vanishing Teens - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 The Lake Erie Murders (2018–…): Season 2, Episode 2 - The Vanishing Teens - full transcript 
 In the fall of 1991, rural Michigan is plunged into paranoia and fear when four local teenage girls vanish without a trace. Residents face up to the possibility that a predator is among them. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 ♪ This man is a serial rapist, And he vows that he will rape and kill again. You kill somebody, and then you go home And do what? Williams: You just let it go. Narrator: Eastern michigan in the spring of '92 Is in the grip of fear. Callahan: People were on edge. They were upset. You know, the disbelief of how this could have happened. Narrator: Four teenage girls have disappeared... 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 I remember saying, "what do you mean abducted?" What does that mean? Narrator:...From a 20-mile area. Jansson: No one could disappear that clean. Cyndi! For lack of any other term, she just vanished. Narrator: Local police, along with the fbi... We orchestrated a huge search, and it all came up negative. Narrator:...Race against time to find them... We just couldn't see the pattern that fit. Narrator:...Before another family loses their child. [ gasps ] [ girl screams ] ♪ 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 ♪ ♪ Narrator: Just inland from the shores of lake erie On the outskirts of detroit, Lies the idyllic township of township of milford. Everyone knows their neighbors. Doors are left unlocked, And the crime rate has always been low. That's what drew alana hoeft and her five children here. Hoeft: Milford was very nice. There were fun things like parades, Fourth of July, memorial day. It was a good place to raise your kids. Narrator: After a tough break up and custody battle, Alana is now a single mom who works 80 hours a week To give her kids the best life she can. She wouldn't have coped without the help of her oldest, 15-year-old cynthia, known as cyndi. Hoeft: She was a pretty girl. She liked gymnastics. She was part of the marching band. She was smart. She was fun. She was very capable. You didn't have to ask cyndi. Okay, won't be long. Cyndi just jumped in where she saw it was needed. [ telephone rings ] Narrator: But cyndi is growing up, And for six months now has been dating 16-year-old luke. Good to see you. Hoeft: Luke was all pro in the sports program At high school, and she being a cheerleader, The two kids really kicked it off. She obviously had a great deal of interest in him. They had good times together. ♪ Cyndi and luke asked if they could go out. Mom. Yep? They were gonna get a pop and go to the park. I'll take good care of her. I promise. And I figured, "yeah, well, okay." I warned them that they needed to keep an eye about Themselves and be aware, be careful, Because I almost don't want to let you go. So they should have been fine. It isn't the way it panned out. [ girl screams ] Narrator: An hour after the young couple leave, The milford county dispatch receives a call. This is where homegrown detective tom callahan Enters the story. Callahan: This young person is very upset, very confused. They couldn't get all of the details out of them Because they were a little bit disjointed. But it was short pieces of fragmented statements About some kind of a robbery. We actually started checking businesses in town That fit the description of that type of a store That may have been robbed. At each one, they knew nothing about what was going on. Narrator: Detectives arrive at a local restaurant To interview the young man who made the call. He took her. I ran after them. I was screaming at them. I was screaming for her. Callahan: He was pretty disheveled, Very scattered in his delivery Of piecing together what happened. Our friend, we -- we drove to central -- a-a-a robbery. Narrator: Slowly, the distraught teen shares His terrifying story. It all began around 7:30 p.M. In central park. Less than a mile from cyndi's home. Cyndi and luke decided to go into the park. They sat there and talked for a while. Worst 20-yard throw since the campus invented... And at some point, they'd heard voices. So they ducked down. They just didn't want To have any rumors about what was going on, What they were doing in the park. [ whispering ] it's like grand central station. Freeze! Stay as you are. And don't move - Oh, please, mister. - Quiet! I'm not going to hurt you. I just need the car. Callahan: He said, "I just did a robbery, And I need your car to get out of town. I'm not going to hurt you." So get out. Okay. He made sure that they understood That he meant business. Just take the car and leave us alone. What? Come on. And they should do what he said. So they were pretty shaken up. Stop. I'm going to tie you both to this tree and drive away. Comply, and I won't hurt you. Sit. Callahan: He explained he was going to tie them both up, And then he was gonna take their car and leave. He had secured luke with these thick, plastic wire ties. He's telling them he's not going to hurt them And they're gonna both be tied up together. You're coming with me. But you said you were going to... I lied. No! No! No! Cyndi! No! Cyndi! Cyndi! [ grunts ] ♪ Callahan: He said he was able to snap One of those plastic ties and free himself. Cyndi! Cyndi! Callahan: He went up and down, Just running and calling her name. Luke: Cyndi! Cyndi! ♪ Help! Help! I got to call the cops. Callahan: Eventually he went to the restaurant Where he called the police. So then I, uh, ran here to call you guys. I saw some inconsistencies in some of the things That luke talked about In the sequence of events that happened that night. You have to find her. Simultaneously the officers that already verified That no businesses had been robbed And no one called back. Here, just here. He tied me to this tree. He actually took us to the location Where he was tied to the tree with those plastic ties. He put my hands -- I broke out. He took her that way, through those trees. I couldn't find them. [ sobs ] These things were industrial quality, And they're like restraints that police use, But these were more of a commercial type of plastic tie. They were very strong. How did those things get broken? How did he get free? And trying to duplicate that was very difficult. So was this particular one had a weak spot? Was it the adrenaline? Was it who knows what? But they were broken. Narrator: And in the woods, investigators find more evidence That seems to corroborate luke's story. Callahan: There was one set of boot tracks in the mud That led away with a smaller set of tracks. And it appears that that was the offender's Boot impressions along with cyndi's. Narrator: When the boot marks don't match luke's sneakers, He is cleared...For now. All the evidence seems to point to a calculated assault. Callahan: So we knew that this was actually a ruse. It was an abduction. Narrator: The clock is now ticking to find cyndi Before she is hurt or worse. The moment detective callahan appears is the start Of an endless nightmare for cyndi's mother. Hoeft: He came to the door, and I let him in, and he said, "do you have a daughter named cynthia jones?" And I said yes. And he said, "well, she has been abducted." I remember looking at him saying, "what do you mean abducted? What does that mean?" And I reached up, and I touched him on his chest, Almost like I just wanted him to back away from me. [ sobs softly ] That's how the whole thing started, was that night. Narrator: With every minute crucial to her possible Recovery, local police quickly get back up From federal law enforcement. Mcdonough: We opened it as a kidnapping case And orchestrated large search with fbi agents, With milford police department, Oakland county sheriff's department. Callahan: State police offered to bring a helicopter in, Which they did, and they conducted An aerial search of the entire area. We covered a lot more acreage on horseback, And then the surrounding officers on foot Fanned out from there. She was just an all-around good american girl. We were all scared That something terrible happened to her. We were all determined to find cyndi jones. ♪ Narrator: Investigators believe that 15-year-old cyndi jones Has been abducted... Man: Freeze! After she and boyfriend luke... Walk! Come on! ...Were assaulted by an unknown man in milford's local park. Luke: Cyndi! Cyndi! Callahan: This is central park back in 1992. Luke and cyndi arrived and parked at that far end. We search this whole area right from the beginning, And then came back and then lowered the river. We've decided to search further into the bodies of water. We were able to lower the huron river That runs along the southern border of the park. We had the oakland county sheriff's department dive team Of about 10 or 15 guys Do a complete search of the creek in their dive gear. Narrator: But even with all the resources now at their disposal, Investigators can find no sign of cyndi. Callahan: It came up with no evidence that she was kept In the area or that we found anything more significant. Narrator: And even when the media releases pleas For tips, no witnesses or leads come in. Meanwhile, detectives explore a lead from cyndi's mother. The night her daughter disappeared, alana remembers Being followed by a white van. Hoeft: My daughter mary and I had gone to the store For christmas returns. On our way home, there was a white van that kept Riding my bumper, and if I sped up To get him off my bumper, he'd speed up. And if I slowed down, he would slow down. And it went on the entire length of the trip home, Except that we got near the police station, And I quick turned my car in. I almost hit an officer's car. I was so happy to be rid of that man Scaring us the way that he was. Narrator: When asked to speculate on who might have Followed her, alana immediately names someone. Callahan: She talked about her relationship with an ex-husband, And this ex-husband did own a white van. There was some kind of a court custody battle For one of cyndi's younger siblings. [ telephone rings ] narrator: After alana won that Recent battle, her ex-husband made A chilling threat. Hi, there. Hoeft: He threatened that one day I would know What it was like to not have my children. [ dial tone ] And then cyndi came up missing and taken. Luke wouldn't have known my ex-husband at all. So the police have to figure, well, then it could have been. Callahan: That was pretty strong information, That he may have wanted to abduct her to hurt her mom. Narrator: The search is now on for alana's ex-husband, Who lives 30 miles away. Detective callahan heads out to track him down. Meanwhile, the fbi gets a tip from the state police. Mcdonough: I had a lead of two young men that could possibly Be suspects in an abduction like this. Narrator: Greg dolber and justin ferrera Are petty criminals in the milford area. Many local residents claim to have witnessed them Behaving suspiciously around the time cyndi disappeared. Lieutenant mallott and I went to the residence. Narrator: And even before they make contact with the suspects, The agents spot a startling clue. Mcdonough: As I recall, lieutenant mallott saw a mask In the front seat of the car. ♪ And so we went and we knocked on the door. We knew that there were supposed to be two guys That were living there. One man answered the door. We asked where his roommate or friend was, and he said, Oh, he wasn't there. Lieutenant mallott and I both thought Something was suspicious the way he answered there. So we asked if we could look around the house. So lieutenant mallott stayed with this individual. And I went in to look for the other guy. ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ Narrator: In a race against time for cyndi jones' abductor, Fbi agent jack mcdonough has followed a tip off To the home of two local criminals. ♪ I yelled to lieutenant mallott That there was one hiding in here with a knife And to watch the other guy. [ knife clangs ] we brought both of those guys Back in for questioning to the milford police department. Narrator: As police interrogate dolber and ferrera. They send the ski mask found in their vehicle For lab testing. Meanwhile, detective callahan is on the hunt For alana's ex-husband. Myself and another officer went down to a community About 30 miles away to interview cyndi's mom's ex-husband. Narrator: When they arrive, he is not there, But they make contact with his new wife, And she provides his alibi. Callahan: She'd said that he was not in the state. He was actually outside in tennessee. So he was nowhere around. Narrator: The search of his van finds nothing of interest. And once they manage to double check his movements, Alana's ex-husband is cleared. The lead dries up. Callahan returns to milford And joins mcdonough's interrogations Of the suspects from the tip off. Callahan: They were interviewed extensively, And they seemed to be withholding information. Where we saw the mask in the car, they never gave any Real explanation for it. The man with the knife said that he was scared. When I asked, "scared of what," He never said what he was scared of. Callahan: In the end, they took a polygraph test, And they were alibied. So they were eliminated. Mcdonough: They had absolutely nothing to do With the abduction of cyndi jones. And so they were turned loose. Narrator: With dolber and ferrera released with Verified alibis, investigators go back to the drawing board And work the case from every angle. The file was at least this thick. No stone was unturned as far as tips or interviews. Narrator: But as days turn into weeks with no new information, Any hopes for finding cyndi jones alive fade. Desperate for any information, callahan and mcdonough Requests the formation of a multi-agency task force. Callahan: Milford county sheriff's department, Michigan state police, the fbi, all of those agencies we met. I told them the whole story of the cyndi jones. Narrator: As they compare notes, a chilling realization Begins to dawn on the detectives. A possible pattern of abductions, With cyndi being not the first, but the fourth teen Who has vanished over the last eight months. We started looking for any possible way That we could try to get some kind of a link. Narrator: Three months before cyndi, two girls disappeared From the town of fenton, 20 miles north of milford. Their names are michelle and melissa urbin. ♪ Kathy: Michelle, she was the oldest. Melissa was the younger of the two. She was the outgoing one. Both children were very pretty. A lot of people said that. Hiler: My sister and I and melissa and michelle Would come down here, and we had a raft out In the middle of the lake where we could jump off of And swim back to the docks. It was such an idyllic childhood Having that and getting to play out here. Melissa and michelle were 14 and 16, kind of doing Typical things that teenage girls do -- Starting to wear makeup and going out And meeting new people. ♪ Kathy: It was around 4:00. - Mom, dad, can we go now? - Please. "can we go for a walk now?" And I said, "yeah, your dishes are done. You can go for a walk." They both loved to walk. They'd walk for hours at a time. [ door closes ] Narrator: But when the girls still aren't back By the early hours of the morning, Kathy and patrick contact the police. Kathy: I called and told them what happened. And he says, "we'll send someone out." He asked me questions, and I said, "all I know is the route they told us." Narrator: Cops and community immediately come together To find them. Patrick: They had volunteers look everywhere That they could think. I even joined in the search. That was part of my release on how to help. On that Sunday when they had left, I had woke up with a strange feeling That something was going to happen. Narrator: But the urbin sisters, just like cyndi jones, Had vanished into thin air. Hiler: I think it left fenton really shaken. It was like a great big bubble burst. I went from 12 to 20 overnight. All the things you hear that could possibly happen, They had a little bit more truth to them. I mean, it's in your own backyard, you know? ♪ Narrator: With the theory of a serial abductor Gaining traction, the task force now turn Their attention to a third case. Two weeks before melissa and michelle went missing, A teenager disappeared from the town of south lyon, 10 miles from milford. Detective clay jansson briefs the team On the case of kami villanueva. Jansson: Kami was 18 when she went missing, A senior in high school, And she was kind of making that transition from a shy, Reserved kind of young lady kind of to break that shell And get out and to hang out with some of her peers. Narrator: After the death of her mother a year earlier, Kami's father left the family home, And her two older sisters took charge of raising her. ♪ Kami visits the local party store, Chats with friends, and then heads home at about 10:00 p.M. - Kami? - Her sisters first Arrived home... - Kami? Jansson:...At about 12:15. Woman: Kami, are you home? And noticed that kami was not there, But she just thought she was out with friends late And was going to let it pass until morning And just assumed that kami was gonna appear at home. Narrator: But when she's not back by the next morning, Her sister trish calls the police to report her missing. Jansson: No one could disappear that clean, Especially in this day and age with cellphones. Somebody's gonna find you. But she just vanished, for lack of any other term. She just vanished. Narrator: Detectives talk to everyone who knew her And conduct extensive searches of the area. Jansson: We had the air national guard come in And do an air search for us. We had about 75 or 80 volunteers, Fanned that group out And did some really very large land searches. Narrator: But their efforts find no trace of the 18-year-old. Police chase leads and tips come in. All are investigated, and all go nowhere. Now in the light of cyndi's abduction, The task force is trying to pinpoint the connections With the three other missing teens In the 20 mile area around milford. Jansson: Generally in these kind of cases, You will see patterns of behavior Where this piece matches this piece matches this piece. Such was not the case with these four girls. All of us thought that there could be a connection, But the experts, specifically the fbi And even the michigan state police behavioral science unit, They didn't see that pattern that fit. Jansson: We brought in a profiler to analyze All the information, and he was not convinced Because all the scenarios were different. Kami was abducted from her home in the middle of the night. Cyndi was abducted early evening from her car with a witness. The urbin girls went out for their daily walk And were never to be seen from again. None of that fits together. Callahan: They just did not think that all of these cases Were done by one individual. Narrator: The detectives are forced to give up The joint investigation of the missing teenagers And go back to chasing leads separately. Callahan: And of course, there were articles That were in the papers. "what has been done? How close are you?" That type of thing. And it's very frustrating because there's nothing more That we would like to have had, is that one tip, That one witness. It just is something that you wish You could have an answer for, and sometimes you just don't. Narrator: But just a month later, As a young cop chases down a criminal, A lead emerges out of nowhere that stuns investigators And sets the final sequence of events into motion. ♪ Narrator: Four months after the disappearance of Cyndi jones... Luke: Cyndi! No! ...A report from two witnesses at an oakwood cemetery 15 miles From milford observe a disturbing event. ♪ Over memorial day weekend of that spring of 1992, Some witnesses saw a man approach a woman. The more that they looked, the more it was apparent to them That it was some type of an assault occurring. Narrator: The witnesses hurry from the graveyard To contact police, and luckily find a deputy just outside. As they describe what they saw, The man suddenly speeds away from the cemetery. Deputy gary alexander takes up the pursuit. [ engine starts ] [ tires squeal, siren wails ] Callahan: A chase happened for two miles. The suspect vehicle went around a sharp curve, Lost control and went into a ditch. [ tires squeal, siren wailing ] ♪ [ grunting ] [ handcuffs click ] [ knocking ] He heard a sound from the car. Once the deputy did get to that trunk, There was a female inside. There was a plastic wire tie around her neck. It was very difficult for a deputy To cut it off of her so she could breathe. [ panting ] Narrator: The woman identifies herself as 35-year-old Carla walters. In the car, investigators make several Stunning discoveries. Callahan: There was a handgun. There was also a knife in that car, And there was a bag of these plastic wire ties. Narrator: The wire ties are from the same manufacturer As those used on luke. Investigators now have a direct link to the abduction Of cyndi jones. They were able to get some identification, And the driver was leslie allen williams. Narrator: Leslie williams has been in and out of institutions And prisons since the age of 8 In a pattern of being paroled and re-offending. Callahan: He had grew up in the walled lake area, Which is a neighboring community. He'd been arrested for a number of felonies -- Assault, kidnapping, criminal sexual conduct, Breaking and entering cases. So he was pretty much a career criminal. I'm gonna call it like it is. He was just a dirt bag. He was just a complete street jerk. Narrator: After connecting the plastic wire ties, Callahan is impatient to see if williams will confess To being cyndi's abductor. Callahan: Leslie williams would just not give Any information whatsoever That he had any knowledge of that disappearance. We had an 8x10 color picture of her. Put it straight out in front of him. He looked down, never broke a stride in his denial. I don't know this girl. Narrator: As soon as williams' arraignment for the kidnapping In the cemetery hits the media, The police almost immediately get a call. Woman: Please state your name for me. Jansson: When his picture appeared on the 11:00 news That next night, the dispatcher advised me That she had a woman on the phone that needed to talk to me. She identified herself as an ex-girlfriend of williams. She informed us that the year before, She had purchased a cat, A small kitten for williams as a gift. And then a short time later, the kitten was missing, And she confronted williams about it. Where's george? Where's my kitten, leslie? He told her, "I killed the cat. I'll take you to where I buried the cat if you'd like to." All right. Fine. Come on. [ sighs ] So they went to the field where this cat was located. It was a field that she and williams visited regularly. Callahan: So that tip from his girlfriend was very helpful Because it pinpointed an exact spot That we could start to search. Narrator: Callahan and his team race to that location Four miles southeast of milford In the hope that they will find cyndi jones. Callahan: We discovered an area that had been disturbed. The crime team slowly, methodically unearth this area. Once they got down two feet or more, they found clothing. It was obvious that there was a person in there. ♪ The person that was found in that burial site Was identified through dental records as being The victim that was abducted in south lyon, Kami villanueva. ♪ [ siren wails ] Narrator: After arresting leslie williams For an attempted abduction in a cemetery, Police have been directed to a key location By his ex-girlfriend and have found the shallow grave Of 18-year-old kami villanueva, who had disappeared From her home eight months earlier. At the same time, while carrying out A search warrant at williams' home, detective jansson makes A key discovery. Jansson: At that location, we found a ring That belonged to kami, So that provided enough evidence that he, in fact, Was the one that took kami. Narrator: Armed with this find, detectives now confront williams In custody, not about cyndi jones, But about kami villanueva. Jansson: We had that ring with us when we interviewed them. You know, we know it. And so I think at that juncture, He'd he realized that it was up and it was time for him to talk. And so he did. I took them all. Not only the kami villanueva case, but all the other cases That we'd been searching for all along. I took her, too, and those two sisters. Callahan: He made a conscious decision that he wanted to talk And he wanted to confess to what he had done. ♪ Jansson: Over the course of the next several hours, Williams laid out in great detail for us How the abductions took place, About the way he went about killing these girls, And then ultimately what he did to dispose of the bodies. I hid in the... His demeanor did not change. Just talking like we were talking about the sports team Or something. We may not have shown, but it was getting to us. But it never got to him. Never bothered him in the least. I served her at the store I was working at. Narrator: Eight months earlier, williams had been working At a party store and had served kami. Then he worked out where she lived. Jansson: He said it was almost an afterthought. He drove by their road and then thought, "I'll stop by the house to see who's there." It was spur of the moment. She was alone. Looked in the window, watched her playing cards. He said the door was unlocked. And he was able to grab her Before she even knew he was in the house. At knife point and then literally Pull her from the house. Took her to that field. He had sex with her at that point, And then ultimately strangles her. ♪ Narrator: After williams finishes his matter of fact Confession, he takes detectives to the final Resting place of cyndi jones, A mile west from where he buried kami. Callahan: He wanted to go out in the cloak of darkness To show us where he had buried her. He instructed us to stop at this location. It was kind of an old perimeter of a gravel pit. And he stopped, and he pointed down to the ground. And he said, "I buried her right there." And so they started digging in the place that he stated. We saw cyndi's black leather jacket. [ camera shutter clicking ] It was nothing to him. It was like burying a deer carcass or something. He just -- he didn't care. He didn't think anything of it. Narrator: Five months after cyndi's disappearance, Leslie williams reveals the truth of her final hours. I was hiding in the trees. Mcdonough: He described how he was watching this couple In central park from a distance in the woods And waited for the appropriate time. Did this brazen approach where they were confused. Freeze! Narrator: After walking cyndi into the woods, He takes her to his car, which he had hidden nearby. Callahan: Once in their car, he drives to an apartment That he had been renting in a suburban detroit community. - Please, please! - She pled with him For a long period of time about not doing anything. But he knew what he was going to do. Once he completed that assault on cyndi, He kept convincing her that he was gonna let her go. So she was compliant. They drove back to milford. He told cyndi, "I'll drop you off at your house. But I don't want you to get out and scream." Narrator: Williams convinces his victim they will stop briefly To tie and gag her. Shh, shh, shh, shh. It's gonna be okay. Put your hands up. Please let me go. Okay. All right. You're gonna be fine, okay? Okay. I said I'd let her go, but I couldn't afford to do that. Narrator: But once out of the car, He makes sure cyndi will never become a witness. [ screams ] Callahan: He pulled his knife And stabbed cyndi once in the chest. ♪ ♪ Hoeft: Lieutenant mallott called my home. It was early morning, and he said that they had found Cyndi and that she was dead. Well, "closure" is a big word. There hasn't been -- people think closure Like you just shut a book. It's not that way at all. Narrator: Williams then takes investigators to the bodies Of melissa and michelle urbin. For their parents, the seven months of not knowing Is finally over. Kathy: It was 2:00 in the morning. I opened the door, and he says, "can you get your husband? I'm not going to say anything until he comes out." I knew what he was there for. He says, "we've had a confession." Narrator: The last of williams' revelations are the details Of the final hours of the urbin sisters. I'd seen them around. Jansson: He told us that he'd been stalking them For a couple of weeks. Knew that they like to go for a walk together. They were always together. [ gasps ] - Don't scream after - after leaping out With a knife... Come on. ...Williams raped the sisters... Come on, let's go. ...One after another. Then strangled them. Jansson: He subdued one, he took one a distance From the other sister, killed her. Came back and then killed the second sister. Kathy: He buried them with a blanket on them. And I thought, "at least we can close that part. At least we have them and we can bury them." It was like the weight of the world Was taken off my shoulders. I knew where my girls were now. I knew they were honest. They went the direction they said they were going. Hard to imagine Because all parents mind their children. Their children. [ speaking indistinctly ] I'm sorry. ♪ Narrator: On June 1, 1992, All four girls are buried in their respective home towns. Hoeft: I'd always called church god's house, and I told the kids We were going to god's house with cyndi. Elizabeth, one of her sisters, young at the time, Misinterpreted that we were going to go there And meet cyndi. The pallbearers came up to walk cyndi out of the church. And elizabeth looked at me and said, "can cyndi come out of the box now?" I said, "honey, cyndi is not coming out of the box. Cyndi is with god." That child left off with the worst scream. I never want to hear a scream like that again in my life. Reporter: He has confessed, and now leslie allen williams Is in the court's eyes... Narrator: Leslie allen williams pleads guilty To the murder of cyndi, kami, michelle, and melissa. Took a knife, and I stabbed her in the chest one time. Reporter: One by one, williams acknowledged the vicious acts... Narrator: He is sentenced to life in prison. Reporter:...He wanted a psychiatric exam. Callahan: I've never been in contact with somebody That has been so evil. He would have never stopped if he wouldn't have been caught. He would have continued to do that. Mcdonough: The word "closure" I don't agree with Because you can never get closure When you lose a loved one. Never should have happened. I don't know how it can ever stop. In our hearts, it's not going to be over. I am glad that he's been brought to justice. I was angry. I would have wanted him put to death. And it's not like me to feel that way. I think leslie allen williams represents a failure Of the entire criminal justice system, Particularly the parole system. Leslie allen williams never should have been on the street. From the time he committed his very first crime At the age of 14, he never went longer than four months Without violating his probation or his parole. This man is a serial rapist, and he vows that If he ever gets out of prison, he will rape and kill again. Right, leslie? That's correct. ♪ ♪ ♪ 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 