The Lake Erie Murders: Season 2, Episode 8 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 The Lake Erie Murders 
 s2e8 - Killer Night Out - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 The Lake Erie Murders (2018–…): Season 2, Episode 8 - Killer Night Out - full transcript 
 Premieres Sunday, March 29 at 10/9c Bright and beautiful nurse's aide Janean Brown prepares for a night out on the town, unaware that it will be her last. The following day, her body is ... 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 In a laid-back community just south of lake erie... That's what everybody did in whitehouse -- went to the bars, played pool, and drank. ...A missing woman kickstarts a 30-year mystery. Out the back door, she went. And that's last I saw her. I will never forgive myself for not going with her. Janean's murder -- it changed that town. And the terrifying hunt for a killer... 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 This monster's out there that is not facing any kind of justice. ...Turns up unimaginable horrors. The only thing worse than the way in which she was buried is what happened before she died. Near the western shore of lake erie, 22 miles south of toledo, is the sleepy farming community of whitehouse, ohio. Whitehouse is so small. If you blink going through town, you've missed everything. In the 1980s, whitehouse was even smaller, with only one stoplight in the center of town. Back then, everybody knew everybody. You could leave your front door wide open. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 You could leave your car doors unlocked. People were caring, responsible, respectable. Growing up, pam's best friend was janean brown. They were inseparable. She was caring, loving, funny, the most giving person ever. Janean and I were called laverne and shirley, me being laverne, because I was the mouthy one. Janean being shirley, because she was the quiet one. Here's janean's 18th birthday. She looks pretty happy she's an adult. Growing up, I -- I -- you know, I looked up to janean. Janean and I were about two years apart. We did hang out a lot. She always had a smile. She always enjoyed life. Oof! Wow, right over there is the house that janean and I lived at. After graduating from high school, pam and janean move into a house with pam's brother, larry. That front window, over all the way to the left, was our room. She was working as a nurse's aide. She loved that job. I think she really liked working with the elderly. And the nursing home was right there. So when she would leave to go to work, she'd go out the back door, walk across the property, the nursing home's right there. A lot of good memories in that house of her and I. I'm almost done, I just -- I have to do my hair again. If we were going out, and her hair wasn't perfect, she would do it two or three times, and I'd sit and wait. - Come on, come on, come on. - Yeah, okay, nearly done. Where janean and I lived was a minute to uptown. That's how small whitehouse is. Everything is so tightknit there. The two best friends head to their favorite local hangout, the copper lantern. That's what everybody did in whitehouse -- went to the bars, played pool, and drank. The lantern is busy for a Thursday night, and all the usual faces are in attendance. There's andy gustafson, born with a silver spoon in his mouth, - two beers. Now. And letting everyone know about it. You guys, come on! Play something decent, something we all know. There's bill heisinger, though everyone calls him crazy horse. Pam's brother, larry, is already at the bar, and janean's boyfriend of three months, harold estep, is here waiting for her. Harold was good-looking. He had a good physique. Harold's nickname was big dog back then. Just another typical night in the copper lantern. But it isn't a typical night, and though none of them yet know it, tonight will haunt all of them for the rest of their lives. I love watching this girl play. That's when andy gustafson did what he did. She's got a great butt. Around town, big dog harold's temper is legendary. You know, he had an anger problem. And he'd get nasty. He'd... Become jekyll and hyde. we danced, drank our beers, and then went to leave. Two of our friends said that they would drive us home. She gave harold a kiss goodbye. We walked to the car, and she turned around to say goodbye. She saw harold kissing the barmaid. That didn't go over well. What are you doing? And he turned and looked at her, and she stood there, and she looked at me, and she said... - I want to go home now. She was furious at harold. Janean was upset. She was hurt. I thought it was gonna be okay. We'll wake up tomorrow, we'll talk about it. But she wouldn't let it go. I have to go talk to him. She grabbed my high school cheerleading jacket. Out the back door she went. That's the last I saw her. I will never forgive myself for not going with her. when I woke up the next morning... janean! ...And I realized that she wasn't there, I didn't worry about it. And I figured okay, she's up with harold, she ended up staying up there, they talked, she probably fell asleep. But it had started getting closer to time for her to go to work. I'm like, okay, something's not right. Janean never missed work. Never. Pam checks in with harold, but his reply is even more concerning. Harold said he had never seen her. You know, and I -- wait a minute, she's not there. No, I hadn't seen her since last night, and that's when I started becoming sick. That's when I started doing a major panic. That's when I started calling everybody is that we knew, have you seen janean? Pam called us, you know, and the first thought is, well, she probably crashed at someone else's house or something. Then when she didn't show for work, I think everyone knew something was wrong. Pam calls the police and leaves a missing persons report with a description of janean, but she's told it's too soon for them to launch a search. That's when I started walking, anywhere we could think at the time. But there's no sign of janean anywhere. I knew she wasn't coming home. The following day, a young couple are out walking near their home. In a field in whitehouse, not far, um, from where janean would have been walking... property owners found some spilled blood. They had assumed that a deer had been killed, so they didn't think much of it. However, they discover something more troubling... ...A pair of woman's underwear. They saw what appeared to be drag marks from that area, where the underwear and the blood was present down towards the creek. And they discover a mound. When they move some of the dirt and mud back... ...The found a woman's body. In whitehouse, ohio, 19-year-old janean brown has been missing for nearly 24 hours. Now, in a local creek... A woman's body has been discovered. After the discovery of the body, the authorities get involved immediately. Veteran detective daryll symington is called to the scene immediately. Detective symington I knew from a few cases -- he was a go-getter. He was a careful detective. And I think, at the time, he was probably the perfect detective for the case from their department. The police start to document and collect the evidence from the crime scene. They began to unearth the body to see what they had. this scene was gruesome. A cut to her neck nearly decapitated her. She had been whipped seemingly by belts, there were welts all over her body. The body matches the description in pam's missing persons report. And when they unearth pam's cheerleading jacket, they know it's janean. The jacket that she was wearing was discovered, and inside her jacket, there was a pack of merit cigarettes, which was the brand that she smoked. The only thing worse than the way in which she was buried is what happened before she died. She was raped. They were able to obtain samples that contained male dna. But at the time, there was really no way to identify a perpetrator by ways of dna. When I first heard the news of janean's death... Like everybody, I think there's denial. You know, it's not her. They got the wrong person. I didn't find out until the next day when detective symington came to the house. That was the worst of my life. A huge piece of my heart went, and I'll never get it back. But for this close-knit community, janean's murder is an emotional double punch, grief followed by fear. 19-year-old janean brown of whitehouse was viciously murdered. Her neck had been slit so deeply that she was practically decapitated. Everything runs through your mind, and it's scary. She was face down in the creek, her head was pointed south here. And she had suffered a knife wound to the throat. There's a monster out here in whitehouse somewhere. Kickstarting his hunt for the killer, detective symington quizzes best friend, pam, about janean's last movements. symington was able to recreate the evening as it happened and some of the incidents as they occurred. What are you doing? The sheriff's department obviously looked at her boyfriend, because that's where she was going. I have to go talk to him. Could an argument have spiraled into something more violent? Tell us about her boyfriend. That's when symington learns of harold's notorious temper. When the detectives asked me, I said, "yeah, harold was a wild boy. This type of killing requires extreme brutality and a sizable amount of anger. Harold estep quickly moves from person of interest to number one suspect. Here you go. Symington immediately brings him in for questioning. Sit down. All right, harold, why don't you tell us... Harold said that as janean and pam were getting into the automobile driven by their friends, a barmaid ran up to him and threw a big kiss on him. It had upset janean. Her being upset with harold certainly made it a possibility of a confrontation between the two of them. The night of her murder, janean was on the way to harold's house, where he lived with his sister. Harold estep said he was sleeping. He didn't hear janean come over, didn't talk to her. And this was verified by his sister, that she, being a light sleeper, would have heard janean knocking on the door. And she said janean never came by that night. But harold's story certainly didn't clear him. He would have been presumably the last person to see janean alive had she made it to his sister's apartment. While the police continue to investigate harold, they also start to look into who else was in the bar that night. Detective symington works backwards. He tries to retrace the steps of the victim and anybody whom she was around. The bartender, loretta, tells symington who was in that night and reveals harold wasn't the only one with a romantic interest in janean. There was also an ex-boyfriend in the picture who was looked at, and that was larry rader, pam rader's brother. At the time, larry was just janean's roommate, but he and janean had had an on-off relationship, and symington discovers that janean may still have held a torch for larry. That's why she started dating harold. She was seeing harold to get larry jealous. Detective symington immediately seeks out pam's brother for questioning. Larry tells the detective that he was in the bar but left alone, returning to the house he shared with pam and janean and crashed on the couch. Investigators check his story with his sister, pam. Larry was passed out at home when we got home. According to pam's statement, he was asleep before janean left herself. Larry was not cleared based on that story. He could have snuck out when pam was sleeping. Family is family, and pam may have had a reason to protect larry. A lot of people in town questioned larry's motives. I said, I just can't see him doing this to janean. I just -- I couldn't see him doing this. Meanwhile, a violent killer remains at large in the community. This shook up whitehouse bad. I didn't want to go anywhere. I didn't want to see anybody. I couldn't trust anybody. You know, even my good friends. How do I know I can trust you? It was a small town, I mean, you lose trust. I mean, you don't, you know, you don't know who, you don't know if it's the guy working the store that you're buying something at, I mean, you have no clue for sure who -- who did this. We'll keep you up to date on what's being done to hunt down janean brown's killer. Pam decides to go on the news to try and drum up new leads. We got in the car with our friends, and they brought us home, and she didn't say anything more after that until we got into the bedroom. And she said she wanted to go back and talk to him. I wanted answers. I wanted somebody to pay for what they did to janean, my janean. She wasn't just beat and her throat slit. She was tortured. She had the marks on her hand from trying to fight off, and that is what kept me going. Pam's plan pays off -- after the broadcast, detectives get a tip. Chester roberts, who was a patient at the nursing home where janean worked, he was an exercise nut. And he would often jog at all hours. As chester was going back into the nursing home, he saw janean brown roughly between 3 and 4 a.M. They have a brief conversation, and he remembers seeing a van pull up into the parking lot. He saw janean get in the van. When detective symington runs a vehicle check, he finds a brown van matching the description registered to one of the patrons at the copper lantern that night -- bill heisinger. Crazy horse -- that was bill heisinger's nickname, because the pot, the acid, the mushrooms. There were reports that he would kill animals and had access to knives. Bill heisinger's psycho. A witness has seen 19-year-old janean brown get into a brown van on the night of her murder. Local wild man, bill heisinger, owns a vehicle matching the description. He admitted he was there that night, but he doesn't remember exactly who was where at what time. Police perform a search of the van and find some foreign carpet fibers. Investigators submitted some of the carpet and fibers from that van to see if it matched anything that they had collected from janean during the initial investigation. As police wait for the tests on heisinger's van to come back, they add another name to their list of bar patrons to talk to -- 25-year-old andy gustafson. Andrew gustafson is the son of the ceo of a major company in town. He is viewed as being privileged, a blowhard, kind of a jerk, essentially a spoiled brat. All right, give me another beer. He expected everybody to bow down to him, because he had money, but he didn't have money -- he had daddy's money. Andrew gustafson made inappropriate comments to her that night. Then investigators discover gustafson also drives a brown van. Suddenly, it's looking like a promising lead, but andy gustafson says it can't have been him, and the timeline seems to agree. Chester roberts saw janean get into the van between three and four, but andy insists he was home in bed by three, a fact backed up by his wife. What time is it? It's three in the morning. Go back to sleep. So andy's wife corroborated his story, giving him a solid alibi, but he certainly was not cleared at that point in time. His van still closely matches the description, and police get a warrant to search the vehicle. What they're looking for are any potential clues, a murder weapon, anything of janean's, anything out of place. They find a merit cigarette butt, the type of cigarette brand that janean smoked. But gustafson has an explanation. The bartender from the copper lantern was actually in andy's car for a brief minute that night. She smoked merit cigarettes, as well. The police seek to confirm with loretta if she'd been in his van. But either way, they can't prove who smoked that cigarette. The technology at the time was not sufficient to try to obtain a dna profile. So there wasn't enough for an arrest to be made or for charges to be filed. Soon after, the lab finishes processing the samples taken from billy heisinger's van. Nothing from billy heisinger's van matches anything recovered from the site, the crime scene. So at that point, there was no direct link. But despite the lack of forensic evidence, heisinger's wild reputation keeps him in the frame for the brutal murder. Seven days after her body was found, police have four suspects and zero arrests. Detective symington just did not have the science at the time to enable him to solve it. Weeks pass, then months. I started losing hope. We're not getting anywhere. Was the same thing over and over and over again. The case officially goes cold, but pam never forgets her friend. This is very important to me, because it belonged to janean. She left in something of mine. I got something of hers. But to actually stand here and look at it now, it's... Bringing stuff back in my head. Good memories, fun. But that was taken away from me. Over the following decades, pam never gives up pushing for janean's case to be reopened. Finally, in June 2011, pam's tireless campaigning pays off, and the file is assigned to the lucas county prosecutors' cold case unit. This is where detectives jay gast and tom ross enter the story. You check the evidence, you locate the reports, and in this case, there was a ton of reports. They essentially redid, from the bottom up, the entire case. We had to go right from scratch, from day one again. I don't care -- I'll go over it as many times as I have to. My story is never gonna change. But it's not just a question of going back through the old files and witness statements. Detectives have a weapon that they didn't have in '83, and that's dna. The samples and the slides that were preserved from janean brown, there was dna present. They return to the four original suspects, none of whom were ever charged nor cleared. Now a simple dna swab could change everything. First up is bill heisinger, who, back in 1983, had a notorious reputation. 30 years on, and not much has changed. Detectives start taking buccal swabs from the inside cheek of suspects. Bill heisinger voluntarily gives a dna swab. But then bill tells them something unexpected, which shocks these veteran detectives to their core. One of the suspects in the 1983 murder of teenager janean brown has changed his story. His new statement contains a horrifying claim. Heisinger explains that janean had stumbled upon a local satanic ring. It's a story rife with grisly details, but does it hold any water? We kind of had to sift through the weeds, if you will, to get to the vegetable. His talk of cults and sacrificed killings in the woods and all this stuff, and it really loses reality. But still, it might be a misguided smokescreen for a guilty conscience. Now, with bill's sample in hand, they can soon find out the truth. Next on the list of suspects is pam's brother, larry rader. But immediately, the investigators hit a roadblock. My brother passed away in 2009. After janean was killed, he started going to hell, too, started drinking. Drank himself to death. Larry was once even found passed out drunk on janean's grave. The detectives begin to wonder if this was a sign of guilt, and they request to exhume larry's body. The rader family are horrified but are so eager to maintain his innocence that they agree. 26 years after his death, a forensic team take a dna sample from larry rader's remains. Next, the cold case team revisit janean's then-boyfriend, the quick-tempered harold estep. He gives a dna sample. Police send it to the laboratory. Last up is local blowhard, andy gustafson. Mr. Gustafson had moved out of whitehouse, and he was living in michigan. He has children, he has grandchildren. He's still married. His story is very consistent with his story from '83, which is he had nothing to do with it. And his lawyer advised him to not talk to the police anymore, which he didn't. Then gustafson does something unexpected. He refuses to give a dna sample, raising a huge red flag for the detectives. It's not enough to incriminate him, but it pushes gustafson up the list of suspects. But before they can pursue this further, the other results start coming back from the lab. First, bill heisinger's dna... Is not a match to the semen found in janean brown. The next sample to be tested comes from the body of larry rader. It's hard when your brother is being accused of a murder. I mean, it was close to destroying me, but he got my faith. Deep down, I know larry was innocent. Larry's dna is also not a match, and he is posthumously cleared. Next is harold estep, the boyfriend janean was heading out to confront that night. He was thought to have been the last person to see her, but his sample is not a match. After many long years, harold is finally cleared as a suspect. It was like a whirlwind, you know? Being a suspect and accused of something that you know, deep down inside, you did not do -- that can put a lot of stress on you, and, you know, people look at you a whole... Different way, and that really bothered me for a long time. Janean -- this was the last place I seen her alive. I was standing over here. And this girl come out of the bar and put her arms around me and gave me a kiss, and... I didn't know why -- I didn't even know her. I feel guilty a lot of times, because... This girl comes out of the bar, and... A matter of 30 to 40 seconds changed lots of people's lives. From the list of four suspects, one name remains -- andy gustafson, but his refusal to provide a dna sample puts them at a stalemate. In an effort to break the deadlock, the detectives go back over gustafson's file. That's when they realize they still have a potentially vital piece of evidence. The merit cigarette from gustafson's van is sent to the state lab for testing. In the years since the murder, the technology has vastly improved, and this time, they're able to pull a dna profile from the cigarette. The results are explosive. There was a dna profile on that cigarette consistent with janean brown. And now we've got her dna profile in the van. Hey! You okay? Need a lift? Immediately, police know andrew gustafson lied. He had consistently said that she was not in his van. And now we've got her dna profile in the van. It all keeps coming back to gustafson. Gustafson, gustafson, gustafson. The fog gathers, you clear the fog. There's still gustafson. The cold case detectives intensify their investigation into gustafson. Then they come across his name in the file of a much more recent case. In 2007, andy gustafson was a suspect in another incident that was being investigated by the lucas county sheriff's office. This unconnected incident turns out to be game changing. In that investigation, the sheriff's department had collected a dna standard from andy gustafson -- we were able to submit that to the lab. The dna... Is a match. Now we have janean's dna profile in the van, and we also have gustafson's dna profile in janean. June 6, 2013, 30 years after the murder of janean brown, andy gustafson is arrested. The detectives -- they don't expect this to be over in a short amount of time. It's been 30 years -- if we try him and he's acquitted, we can't retry him again. We have one shot. Cold case detectives tom ross and jay gast now have dna evidence linking andy gustafson to the murder of janean brown. Now with the dna evidence -- the case went from a circumstantial case to a science case. Mr. Gustafson is arrested in michigan, where detective gast conducts an interview. It seems like a shoo-in, but there's a risk. Even though the dna evidence proves gustafson had sex with janean, if he claims it was consensual, that could provide reasonable doubt to his guilt. Jay gast needs to get gustafson's version of events on record. This is the video from andy gustafson when he was arrested. He seemed real comfortable with you. Well, we took some time talking to get into it. Didn't really expect him to confess after, you know, a long 30 some-odd years. But the denials that he made and his refusal to acknowledge that janean was even in his van certainly helped with what the forensic science says. He's in a police building, he's being video recorded. And andy gustafson sticks to his same story, that he wasn't with her. He would have no reason to have any dna presence on her. He really denied all the aspects of what the science told us. If he just would have changed his story and said yes, we had consensual sex, she got my van, she was mad at her boyfriend -- these were all very plausible explanations. But the way that detective gast locked him in to that story was very advantageous for a prosecutor. It had been 30 years, and you think you're gonna get away with it, and the day would never come that you'd be held accountable for it, so... Andy gustafson goes to trial, charged with the murder of janean brown. The prosecution lay out their version of the events of that night. From the time that janean is seen getting in the van, her fate is sealed. You okay? Need a lift? Maybe. We may never know the reason why janean got into gustafson's van that night. Maybe she assumed as a married man from a wealthy family, he was a safe bet. She's not going home after that. The initial attack probably occurred in that van. I think we could have a really good time. Andy, stop it! Andy he wanted to have sex with janean. I think she resisted, and things went too far. ...Touch me -- don't touch me, please! No! I don't think it was andy's intent to murder her. He reached a point where there was no turning back. Janean was able to run the short distance to where her panties and the coagulated blood was found -- things escalated. Gustafson raped, beat, and then murdered janean. it's suggestive of a man simply out of touch with humanity. It was a brutal, violent act. Andrew gustafson then lied to his wife about the time he came home that night. What time is it? It's three in the morning. Andy gustafson decides to take a plea deal and is sentenced to 15 years. He is still behind bars. I loved seeing andy gustafson shackled. That made my day. Actually, that made my 30 years' worth. I cried and cried and cried and dropped to my knees, saying, thank god, thank god. Thank god, thank god. Finally, finally, he's getting what he deserves. Janean was in -- in the prime of her life, just getting started out, you know, and this selfish monster just destroys it for his own personal gratification. You look back at it, and you think, you know, it's just... For what? This could have been different. Janean would have never walked back uptown. We'd have met the next day, and everything had been all right. You have to live with it, and deal with it the best you can. He's arrested. He's in jail. But I'm still not at peace. I'm hoping she is. I'm not. But main thing is how much I miss her. And I love her. Every day, I think about her, every day. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 