The Lake Erie Murders: Season 2, Episode 6 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 The Lake Erie Murders 
 s2e6 - Night Shift Nightmare - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 The Lake Erie Murders (2018–…): Season 2, Episode 6 - Night Shift Nightmare - full transcript 
 The body of 19-year-old Wanda Musk is found just miles from where she worked at local gas station; suspicions mount over several young men in the community, including her ex-boyfriend and a troubled local teen. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 A small michigan town rocked by a brutal murder. We hadn't a lot of crime in that area. Nothing like this. A teenager disappears in a nine-minute window. Quite a few people said, "yeah, she was in there. She was all alone." Police suspect a crime of passion. He said he loved her. If you loved somebody, wouldn't you want to help find who killed her? A veteran detective takes the mystery on... I had to do it the hard way. I had to eliminate people. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 ...Before this small community is torn apart. How do you protect yourself when you don't know who to fear. ...By a soulless killer. He made his decision on the spur of the moment. That's what haunts your nightmares. Northwest of lake erie just past detroit is the close-knit community of burton. It's a quiet neighborhood, and the center of town is not much more than a street corner. just before dawn, a customer stops by the local convenience store. At that time in the morning, the only place that was open was the gas station. Somebody had walked in. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 The doors were standing wide open. There was no clerk there. he called in at that point. When the police arrive, there's still no sign of a store clerk anywhere. They thought maybe she was late. Well, 20 minutes came, and 20 minutes went. The clerk was still nowhere to be found. Officers contact the district manager, who tells them the employee should be there is a 19-year-old woman who was working the third shift from 11:00 p.M. To 7:00 a.M. We got a description of the girl that was the clerk. We put the name out of wanda musk. well, wanda was adopted at basically 5 days old in korea by my brother. This one. Yeah. Master sergeant. Master sergeant musk. There she was. How cute. Ross musk was stationed in south korea for a decade. When he came home, he and his wife brought an adopted daughter back with them. Back then, with korean babies, it was like a registry. These babies were born, and there was no place for them to go. So, pretty much, they were given to couples. After her parents' divorce in 1983, wanda stays with her father, who is close to his sister carol and her family of four girls. My brother and I, we had made our agreement that if something happened to ron and I, he would take care of my kids, and if something happened to him, we would take wanda. So, when ross dies in 1989, 14-year-old wanda is formally adopted by her aunt and uncle and comes to live with their family in burton. Wanda was always part of us. You know, there's four of us, and here's wanda. So it was the five of us. Wanda was one of those people you wanted to be around. She lit up the room. She was very positive. She was going to community college, was really big into art. That's her passion. And she wanted to be a graphic arts designer. That's some of her art. Some of the artwork. Her favorite animal was flamingos. On her senior pictures, she did this drawing on the wall for them. Wanda, you know, she was her own self. She had her own ideas, and she was very independent. You couldn't tell her what to do. We never asked her to move out. She wanted to, you know? After graduating from high school, wanda gets her own apartment across the street and starts attending community college. She was really proud of that. It's a good feeling to be able to go to school, have a job and your own independence. She had a lot of dreams. To help pay for her school... All right, yeah. ...Wanda starts working at the local convenience store 2 miles from her apartment. She had a friend that worked there. Not my idea. But at 19, you don't tell a child what they can do it either. You let them make their decisions. After two weeks of learning the ropes, she starts working the third shift at night. She basically liked the third shift 'cause you could study. It wasn't as hard, and she was a night owl. My mom's worried because she had thought they had been robbed before. And I said, "yeah, I don't think it's a good idea." and they had told her that they'd never had any issues. And so she felt it was gonna be safe. Mom said, "well, you should talk to her 'cause she'll listen to you." and I never got a chance. This happened her first night alone at work. It's been 20 minutes since police arrived at the scene. Wanda is still nowhere to be found. The first stop in the investigation is her family's house. A city of burton policeman came to my door and asked if wanda was there. I said, "no." I said, "why? What's going on?" he said, "well, she's not at work. You know, they can't find her." I said, "is her car there?" and they said, "yeah." I said, "she wouldn't have left her car. And if there'd been a car problem, she would've called me 'cause she knows I would've been right there to get her." so, we went over to her place. no, she wasn't there. then we walked back across the street to our house, and he got a call. ...In the genesee district. Just over an hour since wanda disappeared... A body has been found on vassar road. ...A paper boy discovers her body. ...In a desolate rural location 6 miles northeast from the 1-stop. This right here is the area where wanda's body was found. Her head was pointing south. She was laying on her right side with her left leg over her right. Her shoulders were flat to the ground, and she was facedown. Her body was nude. The only thing she had on was tape covering her eyes and the back of her head. Blood on the ground near her body is consistent with the massive trauma to her skull, proving she died here, beaten to death with repeated blows to the head by a blunt weapon. This is an ideal location because it's so remote, and most of the houses in the area, if you look around, the trees are blocking the windows of the house, so they can't see out. I think the killer knew that area. And he took to that area 'cause he knew it was abandoned or remote. But that's when he killed her. Being naked, we assumed, and later found out, that she was sexually assaulted. Semen was found on her thigh, but at the time, dna was in its infancy. It could almost be a year before you get any results. You've got this pretty young girl working at a convenience store in the middle of the night. You know, I have a daughter. If that ever happened to my daughter, I don't know what... you know, what I would do because it was so traumatic. We hadn't had a lot of crime in that area, like, nothing like this, in the first 13 years I worked almost. So, yeah, it was quite a shock. It's just like... it was my daughter. You know, it hurts. It hurts really bad. Me, I'd rather be told up front. And he was pretty blunt on what happened to her. And then the other kids would come home, and as each child would come in, you had to tell them. I don't know if I mentally blocked it out because I couldn't accept it or if I went deaf because I could not hear a word. The next thing I remember, it was all over the news. Just a whirlwind of reporters, police, and people asking questions. And we wanted answers. We were looking for any clues. And we were looking for her clothes. You've got to make sure that you document everything from point a to point b. Finding no evidence in the 6 miles between the 1-stop and the crime scene, police widen their search area. Did they stop someplace? Is there a third scene? Did anybody see him where he sexually assaulted her? Was it at point b where he killed her, or was it someplace in between? We were searching by the expressway 3 miles away and found more of her clothing. So that added to the confusion about what could have happened. Wanda's shoes, sweater, and underwear are eventually found on different roads in a 9-mile area. You want to hit the ground running in the first 48 because that's when you're gonna get your possible suspects, who she was fighting with, what was going on in her life at that time this happened. If there's a spouse or a boyfriend or girlfriend, always want to start with them first. For two years, wanda had dated and then broken up with burton local eddie reikert. She dated eddie for a few years. In the fall, I know they had a falling-out, and I'd heard they broke up. I'm so done with this! Wanda! We need to talk! Go away, eddie! It's over! I don't want to talk anymore. Wanda, don't treat me like this. You're getting information from the family. Treat you like what? And they're telling you, "hey, this is a turbulent relationship here." so naturally, you're gonna be on point when you're looking at it. Eddie, go away. It's over. Because we don't know what this guy is... what his potential is. They broke up, and he was upset. And he tried to break back into her apartment. Open up, wanda! So help me, I'll kick this door in! I'm calling the cops on you, eddie. Just two weeks before her murder, wanda had called 911 to report eddie. My ex-boyfriend is trying to kick my door in. He told me that he was gonna make her hurt as bad as he did. what are you doing here? 19-year-old wanda musk disappeared before dawn from the gas station where she was working alone. An hour later, her beaten body is found by the side of a desolate road 6 miles away. the first person of interest is wanda's ex-boyfriend. You want to eliminate him, or you want to make him the focus of your investigation. As investigators focus deeper on eddie reikert, they discover more troubling details. When cops question him, eddie reveals he spoke to wanda the night she disappeared as he tried to patch up their relationship... What are you doing here? ...And he would often visit wanda at work. Come on, wanda. Want a snack? Sure. He says, "I would stay some time with her, but the manager of the 1-stop didn't like her to do that." we started thinking that maybe she was seeing somebody else at the time and he was kind of a jealous-boyfriend type. Two weeks before she was killed, he called me on the phone. And, I mean, he was mad. He told me that he was gonna make her hurt as bad as he did. Eddie claims he was at home asleep at the time wanda disappeared. But with no one to confirm his alibi, he remains a suspect until police have more evidence. after scouring the crime scene and its surroundings, investigators meticulously search and process the 1-stop gas station. I was the first one on the scene. I took the entrance on the west side there. We had to make sure that we locked it down so that nobody could get in. The crime lab comes in. The crime lab basically takes over the scene at that point. You have a lot of items that the killer could have touched. The money was still there. They processed the floor to get the footprints off the floor. The counter was processed. The cash machine was processed. The crime lab collects prints on over 500 pieces of evidence. But the vast data from forensics gives them no tangible leads. And crushingly, there are no security cameras on the premises. Nowadays, almost every business has video cameras. People have cellphones. In 1993, nobody had cellphones. There was no cameras on the business. Somehow somebody had to get her out of there without making a scene. But we couldn't rule out that she didn't go on her own volition either. Wanda's car is still in the store parking lot, so she must have left on foot or in someone else's vehicle. But with no video cameras catching her disappearance, police must rely on eyewitnesses. You put the story out to the media. And people come forward 'cause they want to do the right thing. They'll come in. We interviewed them. You have a lot of people that have been in and out of there both before and after she's gone. So you're getting statements from all those people. Quite a few people said, "yeah, I was there. I got gas there. She was in there. She was all alone." Using cash register receipts, investigators piece together a more precise timeline, revealing that wanda disappeared in a 9-minute window between 6:38 and 6:47 a.M. George mansour was walking his dog when he passed the 1-stop during that critical period of time. And he tells police that she wasn't alone. He saw wanda being led away from the convenience store in what appeared to be an arm bar lock. He assumed it was a boyfriend and girlfriend and they were just walking buddies. He said, "I thought that it was kind of weird just the way she was getting led out. But she wasn't screaming. She wasn't making a big deal." George mansour was too far away to positively I.D. The man, but his witness statement supports a clear theory... wanda musk may have known her abductor. Not a lot of strangers would be going in there. It's not by an expressway. It's not where strangers just would being driving down that road for... So, yes, you're thinking it's got to be somebody she knew. That's what I think kind of got us. Like, how did the person get her out of the store? How did they do this? Because we were always taught don't go anywhere with them. Get on the ground. Scream. Do this. You know, it was instilled in us from our dad 'cause he had all girls. The police really felt it had to be someone who knew her and cared about her. They felt like it was, you know, a crime of passion. Well, if it was someone she knew and we were very close, then chances are, it was someone we all knew. How do you protect yourself when you don't know who to fear? Suspicion of wanda's ex-boyfriend, eddie reikert, immediately intensifies. Police want a dna sample from him to check against the semen found on wanda's body. But eddie immediately hires a lawyer and refuses to hand over his dna. When they tell you that, obviously it alerts to say, "okay, why wouldn't you want to give me your dna if you're not involved with this?" we were told by the police that he wasn't cooperating, and they believed he was hiding something. That didn't settle well, because all of us, we're trying to solve the crime. He said he loved her. If you loved somebody, wouldn't you want to help find who killed her and not hinder? I mean, if you have nothing to hide, why don't you just come out with it? You know, if you're innocent, you're innocent. A witness has come forward who saw wanda musk leaving the 1-stop store quietly and without struggling shortly before she was brutally murdered. Her ex-boyfriend eddie is now refusing to supply his dna for testing. As investigators work to get a court warrant to force him to comply, they catch a big break. A second eyewitness comes forward. As it got closer to the time she was abducted, there was a woman that walked into the store. Hey. She saw an individual in there, kind of an off character, so she gave a description. Police immediately develop a composite sketch and circulate it to the media. It looks nothing like eddie reikert. When the sketch came out, I remember crying because I didn't know who it was. You know, just trying so hard to help, but I didn't know who that was. The sketch is generic, you know? It could be anybody. There was a lot of speculation. But do we know that that's the guy that did it? Certainly he was there at the store, and he was gone, but was that really the guy? But less than a week into the investigation, several tips come in about a local teenager who looks a lot like the sketch. Witnesses claim to have seen him following wanda and watching her at work. John allen was kind of a loner. He lived just down the street, probably half a mile from the 1-stop. We'd had run-ins with him because we caught him taking a lawn mower one time and a couple other little things, petty things. We knew that he was not playing with a full deck sometimes, you know. 17-year-old john allen is brought in for questioning. And police discover a disturbed kid with a learning deficiency. He was a strange fellow, and he has kind of a reputation of being a troublemaker. And we started to feel like this could be our guy. They both went to kearsley high school, so they knew each other. Maybe he knew she was working third shift there alone. He gradually opens up and tells police he had a crush on wanda, even occasionally stalking her. And he admits he was at the 1-stop that night. John allen's claim about what he purchased and when is corroborated by store receipts. He was making statements that wasn't released in the media that we thought, "you know, this could really be our guy." John insists he wasn't her killer, but he saw who was. He claims two men took wanda from the store and that they attacked her with an iron bar, beating her in the head. Police had never made public the fact that wanda had been killed with a blunt weapon. You start looking at him like, "why would this guy know this if he wasn't the guy that was there?" When pushed about his suspicious story, he suddenly breaks down. I killed her. John allen is immediately placed in custody. So, they said john allen confessed and they arrested him, but we didn't have any details. I remember we felt relief and felt that there would be some answers. You know, hoping and praying to be able to make sense of what had happened to her. But the troubled teen has the mind of someone much younger... a mental disability that makes many question his guilt. Even when we arrested him, confidence level that he was actually the suspect wasn't 100%. There was a doubt in a lot of people's minds. John allen was very vulnerable because he had that disability. So then you could put words in his mouth. You could do anything. Not saying that that was done. But then I don't think he understood the ramifications of even what was happening. We kind of thought maybe he might have got railroaded or something. You know, we wasn't sure. How did this kid do it alone and take her out there and kill her? It didn't make sense to us. Police take a dna sample from john allen that they hope will deliver a definitive answer. But in the early '90s, results can take months. In the meantime, jerry parks enters the story. A veteran of 150 investigations, the retired detective is asked by the genesee county p.D. To bring his considerable skills to the case. November 14, 1993. This was a sad place to be. The lady in there was an 18-year-old kearsley high school girl trying to work her way through college. She was working by herself. Store's pretty much the same as it was then. I'd been in the store before and she was working. She was a beautiful girl. Also, my daughter worked at that store before she quit and became a flint city police officer. It wasn't just a case. It was family. His daughter had worked there. It could have been his daughter. Jerry said, "I'm not gonna charge you anything. I'm just gonna come in and work on it." I start from day one, and I go over every one of the officers' reports. I go over every one of the witnesses. I've solved a lot of homicides. A lot of them. I've never seen a more persistent guy in all my life. Once he starts, it's just like pushing a ball down a hill. He just keeps going and going and going. I killed her. John allen has confessed to the murder of wanda musk, but both investigators and wanda's family aren't convinced of the mentally challenged teenager's guilt. So veteran detective jerry parks, fresh to the case, digs deep into the 17-year-old's story. They had john allen in custody, and I just didn't feel right about it, even though he had made admissions. When parks re-interviews allen, the confused teenager changes his story, saying he bought different items from wanda that night which no longer matched the receipts. We got search warrants of his house and went through it, and talking to his parents, they didn't feel that he would do something like that, but nobody feels that their child would do something like that, I don't believe. After nine months of waiting, the growing doubts about john allen are finally settled by the dna results from the lab. It was not john allen. The dna went through and cleared him. And so he was released. I think john liked the attention. He just coincidentally knew a lot of information about the crime scene, and he'd try to lead us along, thinking that he was the suspect, when he really wasn't. And then we had to switch gears and start looking for the real guy. You know? Parks refocuses the investigation on the first suspect... ex-boyfriend eddie, whose story also starts to go off the rails. He was a hothead, and when I first started talking to him, he got his dates mixed up, where he had been and where they had been on that day. He didn't help me anything. I just believed that maybe he wasn't telling us the truth and that he was the guilty party. The person who walked by the store said he thought because the man had his arm around the girl, that they were a boyfriend-girlfriend. So the description also led us to believe it was him. Jerry parks manages to get a warrant for eddie's dna. When you do this for a while, you start to get intuition about it, if this guy is lying or if he's not lying. They did argue on and off. He would come there to the 1-stop to check on her. He's got no alibi, no verifying witnesses to say, "hey, I know ed was right here," so we were all confident that he did it. The boyfriend is always suspect number one. But six months after his dna was forcibly collected and compared to the semen found on wanda's thigh, the test results come in. Eddie is cleared of wanda's rape and murder. As it turned out, he had nothing to do with it. Of course, after that, he still didn't want to cooperate. But that's way it is. When he was released, I had mixed feelings. I felt that a lot of time was wasted, and we were back at the beginning. We were starting over. And then there was the fear again. Okay. So, it's still someone we know. It's now been 10 months since wanda was killed, but detective parks has no intention of giving up. He becomes a one-man cold case unit. I had to do it the hard way. I had to eliminate people, not so much as trying to find the person that did it, but be able to prove the people that didn't. It's not fair to have somebody be a suspect in a case when he had nothing to do with it. Parks was taking dna from everybody he talked to, and he was sending it up there to the point where they had a backlog of dna cases. Years pass with no breaks in the case, and for the waiting family and the residents of genesee, life never goes back to normal. This is just a repetitive process over and over and over. New suspect, run their dna. Next suspect. "we're running their dna." this happens for years. And so now you're raising children, still not knowing who is the killer. And then you become an overprotective parent. But when you go through this, you lose friends. They don't know how to deal with it. So they just disappear. Brought the family closer. Since wanda's murder, nearly 400 dna samples have been collected and compared to the semen found on her body. There have been no matches. You start to kind of lose hope. You know, you're dealing with somebody that probably doesn't know wanda musk, that just could have been a drifter traveling through town and saw an opportunity and took advantage of it. Then, in 2011, the state of michigan passes a bill requiring all felony convicts to submit to dna testing. Detective parks was hoping that when they go through the michigan prisons and make them submit their dna, that that was going to bring closure to the case. I felt like it was one of those last hopes. At kinross correctional facility in northern michigan... ...Dna samples are being collected from all felony convicts. looks like they got me now. In the search for wanda musk's killer, investigators are hoping for a dna match with one of 6,000 convicted felons in the michigan prison system now being tested under a new law. I was sitting at my desk in the detective bureau. I got a phone call, and it was the msp lab, and she said, "well, we got a hit on the dna that was on her thigh." I said, "no kidding." I said, "who is it?" and from that point on, it was like a freight train rolling. Boy. You know, just to get the feeling that now we know 100% that that is him. The dna matched. Great day. He called. He says, "we got him." I said, "no way." he said, "yeah, we got him." The inmate is matthew lorne alder. He's been in the michigan prison system since 1995, serving a life sentence for the horrific murder of another young woman a year after wanda's death. When they said that the guy was in prison all this time, well, that made sense. That's why nobody ever found him. Alder grew up in detroit and joined the marine corps. After his discharge, he drifted from town to town around michigan and down to the carolinas. Internet was available then, and I looked up him and what he was convicted of. Reading that was the worst thing I could have ever done because I know what he did to that other girl. That's what haunts your nightmares. In September 1994, a year after wanda's death, alder, along with a friend, christopher tull, picks up 19-year-old lisa gipson from a bowling lane in roseville, 70 miles southeast of genesee. They bring her back to their house, where a friend staying on the couch hears them raping her for several hours. When the friend sees lisa being taken out with a bag over her head, he calls the police. The two men go to an abandoned warehouse in detroit, where they kill her and burn the body. And when he came back, the cops were right there at his house. I was surprised he was so lackadaisical, because he had some burns on him. He had a long butcher knife. He had the gas cans. Matt alder and chris tull are arrested on the spot. We were always in fear of someone that knew wanda. So now to know this was just some sick predator, that was so far off from what they had been looking for all those years. Detective parks and sergeant williams drive to the state prison to confront wanda's killer face-to-face. We went up to kinross, jerry and I. Matt was brought out of the cell. He was alerted by a newspaper article that wanda musk was one of the cases that was solved. So he knew we were coming. It was just a matter of time. But matt alder refuses to tell them what happened. I'm not telling you anything unless you give me a deal on my sentence. There was this one time, this convenience-store clerk... Instead, they get the full story from alder's cellmate, to whom he had often bragged about his crimes. And I knew I could get away with it. We interviewed the prisoner who shared a cell with matt. He was looking to see if we could knock some time off his sentence. The inmate, serving time for armed robbery and looking for a deal, writes down all of alder's admissions to him, including the gruesome details of wanda's murder. This guy had 16 pages of notes and details of all his conversations with matt alder. Wanda musk was right in the thick of it. Every time I read those 16 pages, it just gives chills down my spine. matt stopped into the 1-stop to get a cup of coffee. He made his mind up when he made eye contact with wanda musk that she was gonna get abducted and killed that night. Then there was a woman that walked into the store. and so he purposely left his coffee there, parked his car down a nearby street, and when the lady left the store, he went back in, and that's when he abducted her with a knife. I forgot my coffee. don't talk too much. Don't stop. Okay? no. got her in his car, and he took her to what I believe was one of our local parks. Raped her repeatedly. and when I was done, I took her out. I got her to kneel. It's okay. Come on. Come on out. Please let me go. Shh. It's okay. Kneel down, and I'll drive away. please. Told her he was gonna let her go. I'll let you go. took out the ball bat... I'm so glad we met. ...And beat wanda musk to death. and then he threw away her clothing. Alder had brutally killed lisa gipson in 1994 and wanda in 1993. But as they dig deeper into his history, they soon find many more connections to unsolved murders. Wasn't his first rodeo. He had done this before. The 16 pages written by matt alder's cellmate reveal the terrifying truth. Wanda musk was murdered by a serial killer. I'm pretty confident here looking you in the eye and saying he could be responsible from anywhere to 11 to 14 that he killed. If he wasn't put in prison, lord knows how many people he would have killed. On January 15, 2014, matt alder is brought to trial for the rape and murder of wanda musk. During the trial, he looked right over at our family. He had such a cold stare. I don't believe that he has any remorse. There was absolutely no emotions from him at all. Even the judge and the prosecutor were taken back. The man has no soul. Gets to prison, brags to all of his buddies, he can just take any woman and kill them. Wow. Is that what your life is about? Just killing something 'cause you can kill it? He was an opportunist. He made his decision on the spur of the moment... "I'm gonna abduct this girl, I'm gonna rape her, I'm gonna kill her." I think he personally loved to kill, and he liked to see them die. Matt alder is convicted and given 30 years on top of the life sentence he is already serving, he will die in prison. What would her life be now? Who knows? Marriages, kids. She'll never have that. She was with us and part of our family. And we're glad that we did get to enjoy that part of it. Yep. I'll always remember her just being bubbly, and we all fed off of that. And I think that's what you miss the most. I've got to make the best of my life that I can because she didn't get a chance. That balance is hard because she is every day missed. You just remember her smile. She was always happy. Always. A lot of prosecutors and other policemen, they look at these old cases, and they only read names. I don't read names. I see faces. I see people that should be alive. It just isn't right. So I put the pictures there because I don't want to forget them. Every day I go to work, they're looking at me... "what are you doing for me today?" 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 