The Passing Bells: Season 1, Episode 3 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 The Passing Bells 
 s1e3 - Episode #1.3 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 The Passing Bells (2014–…): Season 1, Episode 3 - Episode #1.3 - full transcript 
 1916:- Both the German and British regiments arrive at the Western Front with Tommy being reunited with Joanna. She tells him that her brother has been killed in action and expresses her fears for his safety. Everybody is expecting a major offensive and it duly comes in the form of the terrifying battle of the Somme. The German dug-outs are heavily shelled with Michael having to be rescued from the rubble. This gives the British undue confidence and many of them, including Tommy's friends, are mown down by machine gun fire, Tommy and Michael being among the few survivors. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 There's a war, we have to fight. Do you think we'll come back? Does it matter that I don't speak French? GUNFIRE AND EXPLOSIONS You see life disappear in front of you and as it goes, you realise just how precious it was. He seems so much older. I don't have the ring that I promised you but will you just marry me anyway? That is the third letter you've written to her this week. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 "Katie! Miss you!" Give her a kiss from me. - And me!  - And me! - Must be coming up to your first anniversary...  - Soon. See that's the secret to a good marriage, just spend a week at home once a year. My feet are aching in these boots. I think I might join the cavalry. I don't know where we're going, but they don't normally move this many people without good reason. Well, let's hope we're not reinforcements. Why? Well, think about it, why do they need reinforcements in the first place? Because the ones that were there first are dead. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 THEY LAUGH Next time somebody tells me something's going to be over by Christmas, - I'm going to check which Christmas.  - Home on Christmas morning.  - Imagine! Don't make him any more miserable than he already is. There's something going on. Have you seen how many big guns are moving forward? Yeah, well, the more the merrier as long as they're on our side. - On your feet, boys. We just volunteered.  - What for? Stretcher detail. Couple of blokes need patching up, medics are over - by those old barns.  - They're miles away, what about the carts? All being used, that's why I volunteered. Wingnut, two miles carrying a stretcher, have you gone mad? I hope so, then they might send me home. Come on! WINGNUT WHISTLES Hang on, if this is his idea, how come he's not doing any of the carrying? - I'm carrying the map.  - We don't need a map. Look, this is my mission, I give the orders. You'll be needing your own stretcher in a minute. - It's OK, we're nearly there.  - Exactly. Besides it's not the journey that's important, it's what's at the other end... - Dig deep! Everything away!  - Dig deep! - What's going on?  - The British must be planning something. Here you are, boys. They're all yours. Thanks, mate. OK, lads. Pick 'em up. That's it. I know he's up to something. Come on then, what's here? - A canteen? Hot grub?  - A roast dinner? - Better than that.  - What? Little birdie told me they had a visitor. Reckoned it was worth a two mile hike to put a smile on that miserable gob of yours... Excuse me, nurse, can you come and see my mate, please? - He's in a really bad way.  - I'm not really a nurse, I'll get someone. No, no, no, it's urgent, I think he's broke something! It's his heart we think. Lovesick he is, it's the worst case I have ever seen! Why didn't you tell me? I thought you were 50 miles away! THEY COUGH You'll have to excuse his manners, he hasn't got any. Joanna, these are the boys I wrote about. This is Wingnut, Kev, AJ and Jonesy. I'm very pleased to meet you. Thank you for looking after him. It's nothing to do with us, we keep chucking him over the top, - but he keeps finding his way back.  - Like a flamin' homing pigeon he is. - Can't get rid of him...  - All right, you can get lost now, boys. - Got any friends pretty as you, nursey?  - Go! Make the most of it, we've got an hour. Your friends are funny. They think they are. They care about you, I can tell. We look out for each other, that's all. So you're close by? Couple of miles. You wouldn't believe how much stuff they're sending in. It's the biggest push yet. It feels like we're near the end... I hope so. Are you all right? You look sad. - Aren't you pleased to see me?  - Of course. My brother has been killed. Oh, I'm sorry. He was fighting at Verdun with the French. I heard it's pretty bad up there. Is your dad all right? I think his heart is broken. THROUGH TEARS: But he said he will stay on and fight. He won't go home until Poland's free again. And when it is... you can take me there to meet him. I think I want that more than anything else. Every time... ..they bring wounded in, I feel sick... ..thinking it could be you. You told me to keep my head down, remember? Boys never do as they're told. MAN WHISTLES I have to go. Come back. The British and French are about to throw everything they've got at us. We will dig in deep and wait. When the bombardment is over and they think we are all dead, they will come. And we will be ready for them. There will be a final mail collection in two hours. Be all right. We'll be home in no time. Hello. Are they getting younger or are we getting older? Where are you lot from? I'm Harry. From Southport, Lancashire. All of us are from Lancashire. - How long have you been out here?  - We landed last week. - You seen any Germans yet?  - Not yet.  - You will. You itching? Haven't stopped since we got here. It's the lice. Everyone's crawling with 'em. I remember my first few days, couldn't sleep for scratching. There's a bit of paraffin in here, rub it on your skin, it keeps 'em off. Just careful when you spark up. Thanks. I'm Derek. Tommy. How old are you? I'm 16. I had to try three recruitment offices before I got in. - Your mum and dad know you're here?  - I left them a note. You stay close to me, all right? When you're out there, keep your head down. And write home. Your family will wake up every morning and think you're dead. Letters are the only way of telling them you're not. My little brother told me that. How about a friendly game of cards, boys? Oh, boys, come and have a look at this! Back a bit. It's got to be level. - You must be joking!  - It was in that old bombed-out house we passed. Can anyone play it? - I can.  - Give us a tune, then! When do you think it'll start? Tomorrow. All the officers have been standing round a map all day. - It's always a bad sign.  - It feels different. We're dug in, it'll be all right. Do you think this is it? That whatever happens here... it'll be the end of it? # If you want to find the sergeant I know where he is # I know where he is I know where he is # If you want to find the sergeant I know where he is # He's lying on the canteen floor # I've seen him, I've seen him # Lying on the canteen floor # I've seen him, I've seen him # Lying on the canteen floor # I've seen him, I've seen him # Lying on the canteen floor # I've seen him, I've seen him # Lying on the canteen floor... # You will not fear the terror of the night, nor the arrow that flies by day, nor the pestilence that stalks in the darkness, nor the plague that destroys at midday. A thousand may fall at your side, 10,000 at your right hand, but it will not come near you... You will only observe with your eyes and see the punishment of the wicked if you make the most high your dwelling... Even the lord who is my refuge then no harm will befall you... No disaster will come near your tent, for he will command his angels concerning you to guard you in all your ways... With long life I will satisfy him and show him my salvation. - Amen.  - ALL: Amen. Thank you, Father! But we are going to shell the shit out of them, all day, every day! Then we'll go over there and mop up what's left. We'll be home soon, boys! Everyone will remember that this is where we won the war. Here at the Somme. MEN SHOUT Clear! Aim! Fire! MUFFLED EXPLOSIONS Load! Aim! Fire! MUFFLED EXPLOSIONS MUFFLED EXPLOSIONS EXPLOSIONS IN DISTANCE Poor bastards. MUFFLED SCREAMS EXPLOSIONS Move, move, move! Go up the stairs. Move, move, move! The roof's coming down! Get out! EXPLOSIONS AND SCREAMS Freddie! Freddie! It's fine, it's fine. Where are you? Where are you, Freddie? It's fine, it's fine. Here you are. Here, water, water. Here. Here you are. Are you going to die here, Mikey? - We're going to die here in this hole.  - No, we're not. - I don't even know where I am...  - I know...  - I don't want to die... Sh, sh, we're not going to die. Freddie, we're not going to die. EXPLOSIONS AND SCREAMS - When do you think they'll come?  - Soon. They must think we're dead. Maybe we are. They've had six days and nights of this with no let up. - There can't be any of them left.  - EXPLOSIONS IN DISTANCE Let's hope not. It's horrible though, it could just have easily have been us. Exactly, that's why I don't feel sorry for 'em. - I'm not saying you should.  - What, then? I don't know. Clean your rifles and bayonets then get some shut eye, boys. We go over the top in the morning. 7:30am. Clear up what's left. - Bloody hell.  - Be all right. The shells will have cut a path through the wire, destroyed all their trenches... You go first then, be right behind you. And I'll be behind him. No-one's survived that. This is it, it's over. We could be going home! VOICES OUTSIDE They're all right, I can see them! COUGHING They're here. Stefan! So we're going to do some proper fighting, then? Can't wait. If there's any shooting there'll be shell holes everywhere. Jump in the nearest one you see and keep your head down. When you get the shout to move up, don't go straightaway, there'll be a burst of gunfire, wait until it stops, and then go. Run as fast as you can to the next shell hole. Saying there won't be many Germans left. It only takes one bullet to kill you. SHOUTING AND SHELLING OUTSIDE Wait until the line end of their mine is detonated, then we all go together. We're not expecting too much resistance so keep moving forward. Let's finish this up and go home! We go on the whistle! Come on, move on, hurry up. The bombardment has stopped. They'll be coming over! At your guns! To your positions! Walk forward in an orderly fashion! - How's your guts?  - Keep your shape! I've got butterflies. How stupid's that? Me, too. Maybe it's wind. Or worse... Who wants a race? Ten bob says I reach the German trenches first. You're on. Come on, come on. WHISTLE BLOWS Come on, boys! Move, move! Come on! Move! Move! Move! Move! Move! Go! Come on, let's go! Get up! Come on! Move up! Looks like no-one's home. Looks like your ugly mug's scared them off, Kev. THEY LAUGH MACHINE GUN FIRE Wingnut! Cyril! HE SOBS Ben! Come on, move! Don't just bloody stand there! Keep moving! MACHINE GUN FIRE Move forward! Keep your formation! Come on, hold the line! Hold the line! Keep moving forward! Hold your formation! Move forward! Kev! HE GASPS HE SCREAMS Back at your guns! Rudi! At your guns! Come on. Come on. Up you get. Take him to the surgeon, he's going to make it. Stops the bleeding cut. HE GRUNTS Help me with that. Please! Thank you. SHELL THUDS SHE GASPS What if this is all there is? Get them up! Go as soon as you can. I will. What's going on? Deserter. I'll meet you there. But I don't want to go without you. Derek! Hey! 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 