The Passing Bells: Season 1, Episode 4 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 The Passing Bells 
 s1e4 - Episode #1.4 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 The Passing Bells (2014–…): Season 1, Episode 4 - Episode #1.4 - full transcript 
 1917:- Tommy and Michael are haunted by memories of their dead comrades with Tommy determined to look out for the very young Derek. The war seems to be turning to the Allies' advantage and Michael's trench is attacked with him and his friend Fr4eddie taking prisoner though Michael determines to escape. Tommy gets himself onto the prisoner detail, allowing him to visit the hospital and Joanna, who informs him that she is pregnant. Back at the fighting Derek, suffering from shell-shock, runs off into No-Man's Land and Tommy risks his life by going after him. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 The English and the French are about to throw everything they've got at us. Then this is it? That whatever happens here, it'll be the end of it? ~ Seen any Germans yet? ~ Not yet. ~ You will. Everyone will remember that this is where we won the war... here, at the Somme. THUNDER RUMBLES DISTANT EXPLOSION EXPLOSIONS Cyril! BIRD SINGS I can see him... every night before I sleep. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 If I sleep. Then again every morning. Sometimes I'll forget... lost in a task... .. then I'll remember. And it's like watching him go for the first time all over again. CHEERING ECHOES 'We've lost him. 'Course we haven't. 'Yes, we have.' Even if he comes back, he won't be the same boy who left, will he? Our little boy. How could he be? You have to stop thinking like this, Annie. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Then tell me he will. Lie to me! It's coming up to three years. We're fighting over a patch of ground ten miles from here. We're bringing troops back from the East. So we get more troops, and the Americans will join the British. Whatever happens, we're going round in circles. The whole world's going nowhere. We're fighting over the same field. We can still win. Win what? ~ Careful! ~ Watch out!> Sentry, get back up!> Raid! They're coming! SHOUTING There's more coming! INDISTINCT ORDERS SHOUTED Come on, get those trucks loaded up! Come on, get it on the lorry! Yes, Sergeant. INDISTINCT CHATTER They're moving us back up to where we started. Started the war? All this time... we won't have moved. What if it never stops? What if no-one wins... and no-one gives up? I mean, what if this is all there is? All there's ever going to be? They tell us we're moving forward, or north or east or back where we started, but half the time we have no idea where we are. We fire at these figures in the distance, but we don't really know who we're shooting at. This isn't a war like I read about in school, like I thought it was going be. I'm not conquering anything, marching into towns with flags. So what if... ~ What if it never ends? ~ Wars end. Yeah, but there's never been a war like this, has there? If there's never been a war like this, how do we know it will end? It will. It has to. Maybe when there's no-one left to fight any more? There's no more leave before we go, Edwards, I'm sorry. ~ It's just... I haven't seen her for a month. ~ It's orders. We have to move out this morning. Been a rough ride, aye? In the thick of it. Same for everyone. I'm just... I know. Look, we ran some raids this morning. There's a BWI prisoner detail leaving in half an hour, they could use another man. The camp's half a mile from where she'll be. Now, I dare say they'd let you stop off there, if something terrible happened, like you sprained your ankle on the way. Yes, Sergeant. Thank you, Sergeant. But I don't want to go without you. You'll be fine, just stick with the other lads... I'll meet you there. Save me a decent bunk. All right? The sergeant said you needed a hand. Mission of mercy, I was told. ~ Girlfriend? ~ That's right. All right, get them up! ~ Come on, come on, up! ~ Everybody! ~ On your feet. ~ Get up now. They don't seem so different to us. I bet if we'd met before the war, in a bar, we'd have talked, laughed together. Maybe. Well, anyway, at least the war's over. What? We fought hard, and now we're prisoners. What... what else can we do? We can escape. Get back to our lines. SOLDIER GASPS ~ What's going on? ~ Deserter. Time to move out. GUNSHOTS Keep quiet. Continue. We'll rest up here. Gentlemen, fall in a line. Now. You have an hour. A minute longer, you'll be a deserter. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 