Bridalplasty: Season 1, Episode 9 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Bridalplasty 
 s1e9 - Episode #1.9 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Bridalplasty (2010–…): Season 1, Episode 9 - Episode #1.9 - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Previously on "bridalplasty"... This is Allyson's fiance Jonathan. I want to attack you so bad! I just wanna smell him. I love him. Allyson, are you satisfied with your sex life? No. Allyson and jon, you are our winning team. And, Allyson, you're our top bride and you will be in the finale. Now it's like a 50/50 shot. I am one of two people that are going to walk away with - the perfect wedding. - Today we take 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 the splints out. That's one. I feel so vulnerable and so weak. I can't control the voting in the house. I can't control my pain. I feel really defeated and out of control. How about a little break? Yeah? Well, Kristen and Cheyenne, you both are bottom brides. This sucks 'cause that's my best friend, and I don't think either of us deserve it over the other one. I would never persuade or wish you to go home. I want to be here. That's my best bet, and I can only hope that they see that. Kristen, unfortunately, the brides have spoken and you do not have enough guests at your table. Your wedding will still go on. It just may not be perfect. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 It feels really great to make it to the final four, and I know I really have to keep at the top of my game moving forward. You really never know how things you really never know how things are gonna turn out. Kristen went home tonight. She's been such a good friend this whole time, and my buddy is gone. It's just... it's sad. Thank you, guys. I love you. I was so sure I was going home. We didn't save Cheyenne because we like her. We saved Cheyenne because she is a weaker competitor than Kristen. Well, thank you. I'll stop, I'll stop thanking you in like an hour, but... Seriously. It's like bittersweet obviously. So the strategy going into the next challenge is to just make sure that Dominique and I are safe and that we eliminate Cheyenne in the next elimination. Well, I wonder what tomorrow will bring. Should be fun. Are you glad you don't have to compete today? Yeah, who wouldn't be? Come on. Any time that we've gotten something and we didn't have to compete, it was like a relief. I am ecstatic that I am safe. I am so extremely relieved that I do not have to compete in this next challenge, and I already have a secured spot in the finale. There's nothing better than that other than winning. I think you were like the closest one out of the three of us to Kristen. Allyson, do you miss her? Yeah, she was like my little sister. From the day that I walked in this house, I'm like, oh! It's a skinny mini-me. She was fun. She was a lot of fun in the house. She had no shame. That's why I liked her. How do you feel, jenessa? I'm sad. It's pretty crucial for Allyson to think that Dominique and I care about her opinion. But we don't. So Allyson? Uh-huh? Who do you want to win today? Well, whoever wins is gonna be with you in the finale, and it has to be, you know, someone you like. Someone that you want to really be happy for. Like someone from the midwest. Like someone maybe that has a nice house in Miami that you can visit at anytime. I just think it's important to stay in front of Allyson and remind her why she should vote for you. Cheyenne is totally clueless about this whole competition. When you and jon go out, Ken and I will be more than happy to watch your sons. Well, I was a nanny, so I'm sorry, I'm more qualified. At one point in time, I thought that me and jenessa were close, but ever since the rsvp ceremony where she threw me on blast in front of everybody, I really can't consider her close to me anymore. We would be happy to compete with you, Allyson. In the finale. In the finale. I genuinely do not like jenessa. I genuinely do not like master manipulators, and I do not like fake people. - Dominique. - Hello. How are you? Good, how are you? Good. Good to see you. How are things? Good. You look great. Your teeth look amazing. You are so cute. Come over here. Let me have a look at you. I got my nose done. I have my teeth done, you know. I'm pretty close to becoming the perfect bride. Um, at least from here up I know would be great in pictures. It looks really good. And we're gonna have you keep just a little bit longer, little more tape on, okay? Wait for the swelling to come down, and we'll have this tape off you very, very quickly. And as nice as it looks now, in a couple of... three months, it will even look 30%, 40% better, okay? But, uh, you're healing beautifully, and I knew you would. Having my nose done, having my teeth fixed was such icing on the cake. The real reason why I want to be here and I want to win is the dream wedding, and becoming the perfect bride is really just the cherry on the sundae. I don't know if I really expressed to you how much you really changed my life, 'cause you did and I'm so appreciative. Oh, my gosh, you're so sweet. Thank you so much. You're a sweetheart. Hello, ladies. Can you meet me in the living room? Hi, ladies. Hi again. Hi, hello. So we walk downstairs and we see Jessica gillon. And I'm like, oh, my gosh! We already met Jessica, and she's a celebrity wedding planner. So I can't wait to hear what piece of advice she's gonna give us next. Over the course of the last few weeks, we've worked with different experts in different fields to help you plan the perfect wedding, and Jessica is here to help you bring it all together. Jessica has offered her services for the remaining bride. So she will work hand-in-hand with the winning bride to help you make your day perfect. I've already gone through planning two weddings, so having Jessica around to help plan the third and make it as big as it can be just would be great. Well, Jessica, what does the average wedding kind of cost in America today? Well, I would say typically about $25,000. Often, though, brides and grooms find themselves about 20% over budget simply because they just don't think about the little things. How much have you budgeted for your wedding, and how flexible is your budget? Jenessa, let's go to you. I'm from Indiana, but my fiance is from New Jersey. So I know we can basically get twice the wedding in Indiana. So if we wouldn't win, we'd probably default to having it in Indiana just because we'd probably pay half the cost. Very smart. It's no secret, it's going on three years we've been engaged now and we've had two canceled weddings. The budget had started out at like $25,000, and then it went down to like $20,000, and right now it's practically nonexistent. Everything's just a big mess. Allyson is just annoying the out of me this entire time. I mean, we lost the deposits for our reception hall. So basically, we're gonna be starting all over. So I'm really not even concentrating on what Allyson is saying. All I can think about is the next challenge. I just wanna get this over with. If your budget really is that small, I think that actually sometimes an office building. I would never get married in an office building. There is no way, never. Let's go down now to Dominique. Really the only way we'd be able to pay for a wedding is if we took a loan out, and that just depends on how much we get. So I would say probably $7,000 at the most. Do you think your parents will help kick in? Not with my parents unfortunately. It's just not possible for them. My parents spent all of their money for my sister's wedding. Did they help with your sister as well? They paid for her whole wedding, and unfortunately, they didn't really plan on me getting married anytime soon. That's gotta suck. Poor Dominique, her parents spending all their money on her sister's wedding, and then there's really nothing left for her. You could always consider a very small destination wedding because it works as a destination wedding/honeymoon. And that way it really dwindles your numbers down. So, you know, make a really great honeymoon out of it. Yeah, that's great, good advice. All right, Cheyenne. You are up. I actually put a deposit down on a reception. They include the centerpieces, um, the cake. Cheyenne already has a venue, and she put a deposit down. I would love to have a venue. I would love to have a date, but I don't. It's kind of like, okay, Cheyenne, you know, what are you doing here? Well, Jessica, thank you so much, and I know one of us will be seeing you very shortly. Oh, I'm so excited. I can't wait, I can't wait. Thank you so much. It was such a pleasure. Ladies, good luck. Bye. So I do have one more surprise for you. Ooh, this one's heavy. Okay. - Oh, my god. - Coming up... The time has come to put you to the test. You'll be asking each other questions that a perfect bride should know. If you know the answer, you gotta go like this and then I'll direct it to you. I'm really glad I got the opportunity to discuss strategy with Dominique. It was crucial because someone's leaving immediately and it needs to be Cheyenne. Did you guys plot against me to... - yes, yes. I do have one more surprise for you. As you know, the winner of "bridalplasty" receives everything in her bridal closet. To add to that, each of you are going to take a stack of this money and you're going to add it to your bridal closet. This stack of money is going to represent your bridal budget and also, Jessica as your wedding planner. Sound good? Yeah. That's a hell of a lot of money right there. Gimme, gimme, gimme. I'm gonna put this right here. I'm actually a little scared that Allyson may just take the money and run. Over the course of our time together, you've been given some valuable information from a collection of wedding experts. So the time has come to put you to the test. I'm a little nervous about this challenge because I have a horrible memory and a really bad attention span. You know, I don't know how specific it's gonna be, but hopefully I'll remember a majority of the big things. Except for you, Allyson, because you are still on medical leave and you are already in the finale. And again, congratulations. Dominique, jenessa, Cheyenne, this challenge is a little different. Today there will only be one bottom bride. That bottom bride will not face an rsvp ceremony. Nope, that one bottom bride will be going home immediately. I got chills. What the hell? Someone's gonna be leaving immediately. How am I gonna control anything at this point? So I'm trying to figure out what exactly I need to do because I just can't be going home tonight. You'll be asking each other questions that a perfect bride should know. Each of you will select a question randomly and you will assign the question to one of your fellow brides to answer. The first bride to incorrectly answer three questions will be asked to leave the house immediately. I'm actually thinking, oh, this could work to my advantage. So I think I'll be fine. Good luck. I will meet you up at the bridal tent in one hour for your final "bridalplasty" challenge. I can only say that I hope you guys use your time wisely. As soon as I hear about this challenge, I know I need to speak to Dominique so that we - can formulate a strategy. - Technically if I wanted to get you out of the game, I could just ask you every single question hoping that you'll get it wrong. So can we make it fair for each other's sake? Just thinking like, I think we're just gonna take turns. Yeah. Oh, okay, I thought they said you have to select one bride to ask that question to. Well, where am I gonna fit this? I'll put it back here. I'm actually a little excited because I am pretty good at trivia, so I'm probably gonna do better at this challenge than Cheyenne, 'cause she isn't - the sharpest tool in the shed. - Are we allowed to brainstorm together, or do you guys not want to do that? I'm thinking that we'll probably need to know the tips that each person left to us. I agree. Like Kevin said, for the flowers, um... what did he say? He said, what was it, appearance, um, durability. Are we really serious right now? We're gonna study with our competition? No! She's like, okay, well, I already know this stuff, so. That would be so sad. I'll be honest, like if we do get to pick, I'm gonna go, jenessa and Dominique, jenessa and Dominique, jenessa, just because I wouldn't want to be like, Dominique, Dominique? That would be so cruel. So the plan is to keep it fair, that we will just spread out the questions equally amongst all of us and just, you know, go into it and good luck. And may the best bride win. I remember with the sex, it was like about communication. Excuse me. I obviously didn't remember that 'cause I was drugged up. I'm so disgusted that that we're "studying" together. My strategy at this point is to try and get out of this room and to get alone with Dominique. Trust was the other one. I really have to get this retaped. You should go do it now. Will you come with me? Yeah. I don't want to go by myself because you guys are all like - talking. - What's wrong? I have to get it retaped 'cause it keeps coming off. She said she has to do it... you can just copy my notes. Are you sure? Yeah. So I'm trying to say I need to change the tape on my nose, which I do. But I wouldn't necessarily have done it at this moment if I didn't need to discuss something with Dominique. If you know the answer, you gotta go like this and then I'll direct it to you. If you don't know the answer, just go like this. It'll be like, like you're choking yourself. Like you're choking yourself like you have no clue. And this is like, you're just like, oh, yeah. Whatevs. Like I know the answer. Can I have a cocktail? I'm really glad I got the opportunity to discuss strategy with Dominique. It was crucial because someone's leaving immediately, and it needs to be Cheyenne. So have we come up with any...? Um, I'm trying to just remember if we have... did you guys plot against me to... Yes, yes. Like Cheyenne is going down. That would be horrible, though. Did you really? Yes, of course. Really? Are you like paranoid? I am. I'm a little suspicious, but I'm like, jenessa and Dominique are my friends, so I know they would never do that to me. I'm feeling pretty confident walking into the bridal tent that Dominique and I are gonna be able to pull this off. But the stakes are so much higher in this challenge because whoever loses is leaving immediately. So I really hope that we both stick to the plan. It's time for the challenge and there's three chairs with three roses at each setting and scissors in the middle of each plate. And I'm like, what's going on here? We gonna like stab each other? Welcome to your final "bridalplasty" challenge. Along the way, you have met some of the most sought-after wedding experts in their respective fields, and they have all given you great advice to help you create the perfect wedding. Tonight you will be tested on how well you remember that valuable information. Going into this challenge jenessa and I have a plan, and I just hope it works. I could win my dream wedding and have everything, but it's really at the cost of someone else's dream, too. In front of you, ladies, is a platter full of scrolls. One at a time you will each take a scroll and read the question out loud. Once you have read the question, you must assign it to one of your fellow brides to answer. If she gets it wrong, the bride who assigned the question will clip one of the roses in the vase in front of her. The first bride to lose all three of her roses will become our bottom bride. That bottom bride will be sent home immediately. You also may have noticed that there will be no top bride in this challenge. It's time to find out who knows the least about being a perfect bride. Jenessa, please choose a scroll. I'm really glad that I have the opportunity to go first. I don't want to be the first person to lose a rose. "Something new represents hopes of good fortune and a prosperous future. What does the something blue represent?" Jenessa, what bride would you like to assign this question to? Ugh. Dominique gives me the throat signal which means she does not know the answer to this question. Cheyenne? Something blue, uh... Sky is the limit? I don't know. I have no idea. Cheyenne, I'm sorry, but that is incorrect. Something blue represents fidelity. All right, well, I got one wrong. Everyone's gonna get one wrong, so no big deal. Sorry. It's okay. "The sky is the limit"? Oh, my god, this is gonna go - really quickly. - Okay, Dominique, please pick a scroll. "Which British monarch is believed to have started the tradition of wearing a white wedding dress?" Dominique, which bride would you like to assign this question to? Um, Cheyenne? What the hell is going on here? This is not what we talked about. I thought we were gonna rotate the questions. If I don't start getting these questions right, I'm gonna go home. I don't know. Would you like to take a guess? Queen Elizabeth? I don't... I'm sorry. That is incorrect. It was queen Victoria. Dominique, please clip one of Cheyenne's roses. I feel really guilty clipping Cheyenne's second rose, but unfortunately this is a game and someone's gotta go. Two roses down and one to go, and I am having a little fun with this. Cheyenne, you are down to one rose, but it is now your turn to select a scroll. "What is the name of the sewing technique in which fabric or ribbon is gathered in a repeating pattern to form ruffles, scallops, or petals to hide a belly?" Jenessa? Ruching? Jenessa, that is correct. Ruching is the answer. It felt pretty good to know the answer to this question, especially because I think Cheyenne gave me a look like she didn't think I was gonna know. Jenessa, it is your turn again. Please pick a scroll. "According to Phillip bloch, a mermaid silhouette is best for hiding what?" Jenessa, what bride would you like to assign the question to? Are they doing hand signals? What the hell does this mean? Cheyenne? I can't believe they're doing this to me. I'm obviously being attacked right now. Cheyenne, if you get this question incorrect, you will be eliminated. Your hips? You are correct. The mermaid silhouette does hide curves and hips. It's not over for me yet. I still have a fighting chance in this. Dominique, it is now your turn again to pick a scroll. "How did Dr. Sadie recommend slowing things down on your honeymoon?" Dominique, which bride would you like to assign that question to? It's so obvious what's going on, and I know Cheyenne can tell. Sorry, Cheyenne. This is it. This could be Cheyenne's final rose. I get it. For sure, I understand what's going on. No doubt in my mind I know. They have like a little code for when they don't know the answer, - and they ask me every time. - I think that's really. - Coming up... - They're gonna ask me every time. I would never do this to them, ever, ever. Oh, my heart is just in my throat right now. I hope that she gets this one right. Otherwise, she's gonna be going home. "How did Dr. Sadie recommend slowing things down on your honeymoon?" Dominique, which bride would you like to assign that question to? Dominique and jenessa, they have like a little code for when they don't know the answer and they're gonna ask me every time. I would never do this to them, - ever, ever. - Cheyenne? This is it. This could be Cheyenne's final rose. Foreplay. Cheyenne, we will accept that answer. Dr. Sadie's recommendation was sensual kissing and teasing. Cheyenne, it is now your turn to pick a scroll. "What ancient Indian hindu text gives tips to a happy marriage?" Dominique. Uh, kama sutra? Dominique, that is correct. Jenessa, it's your turn to ask another question. "What is your mother-in-law's middle name?" Jenessa, who would you like to assign that to? Cheyenne. What is your mother-in-law's middle name? Funny because me and Scott actually went over this before I came here in case we were asked that question. I know that the answer is her mother's maiden name, but I can't remember what her mother's maiden name is. Cheyenne, if you get this question incorrect, you will be eliminated. Oh, my heart is just in my throat right now. I hope that she gets this one right. Otherwise, she's gonna be going home. Coming up... "What is your mother-in-law's middle name?" Ruth? Tonight there will be an rsvp ceremony. Allyson will have to rsvp for the bride that she would like to continue on with her. My mind is just spinning at this moment. "What is your mother-in-law's middle name?" Jenessa, who would you like to assign that to? Cheyenne. So at this point, I only have one rose left, and jenessa and Dominique are purposely asking me all the questions so that I go home. Ruth? Cheyenne, I'm sorry, but your mother-in-law's middle name is Lee. Jenessa, please clip Cheyenne's final rose. I am very disappointed in Dominique and jenessa. I think it's gonna take a long time for me to get over this. Cheyenne, I'm sorry, but your quest to become the perfect bride is over. Okay. Your wedding will still go on. It just may not be perfect. I'm gonna have to ask you to leave now. Okay. I'm pissed. My three friends in the house, one after the other, have gone home. Lisa Marie, Kristen... - >> I love you. - Now Cheyenne. I really cannot believe that jenessa and Dominique did this to her. Good luck. I guess I was naive, but I'd rather be naive than sneaky. I'm very surprised that they would do that to me. I just thought that they were my friends. Dominique, jenessa, you two are still competing to become the perfect bride. But not for long. Tonight there will be an rsvp ceremony, and you two will be at - the tables. - >> Are you kidding me? I really can't believe this is happening. Allyson, the only bride completely safe will have to decide. She alone will have to rsvp for the bride that she would like to continue on with her. Allyson, of all people in this house, has my fate in her hands. Allyson is so wishy-washy. You really never know how Allyson is gonna vote. Allyson, you now have a very important decision to make. You think? Talk to the brides and decide which one you feel deserves to be next to you in the finale. - Thank you, ladies. - I get to send home either jenessa or Dominique. These two girls have stepped on quite a few people to get to where they are, and I just don't agree with that. Mmm, payback. So today I have to make my final decision on which girl, between Dominique and jenessa, will be going to the finale with me. Dominique is a friend of mine. She's here for the right reasons. And unfortunately, I think that Dominique is stiff competition and that scares me. Jenessa has worked hard to be here. Unfortunately, she's had to step on people along the way to get here. I have no idea what I'm gonna do. My mind is just spinning at this moment. We don't know who she's gonna vote for. It's just the way she is. So I hope you win. I'm really emotional right now because I'm realizing that Allyson is probably not gonna pick me. So it's really frustrating to know that I put so much work in and that Allyson's gonna decide my fate. I know. Hey, do you care if I talk to Allyson? No, go right ahead and then I'm gonna talk to her. So, yeah, we'll just tell her that we each wanna talk to her. Hello, god. That has got to be the best line that I have heard since I started this competition. So the only thing left to do at this point is secure my vote with Allyson and then beat her in the finale. Well, um, we, we kinda each want to talk to you for a few minutes. So, um, I'll let Dominique go first. So she can like talk to you for a few minutes, and then I'll come in. Does that sound good? Well, I will see you guys in a few minutes then. So it's crucial for me to talk to Allyson last so I'm the last voice she hears before she goes into the rsvp ceremony. I can't even imagine like how you're feeling and how difficult, how difficult of a decision this is, you know. You know, the reason why I wanted to sit down with you is because, you know, I just really feel like, with you and I, like this is our chance. This is how we can have a wedding. I really just feel like I need to let her know I really do is My only chance to have a wedding. My parents spent all of what they had and spent their money on my sister's dream wedding. So I'm just hoping that she can see that. I love jenessa, I do, and she's one of my closest friends. But jenessa gets to get home and have a $15,000 wedding. Well, I have heard from the past about jenessa having... Being able to afford a wedding. That's where I think we bond and like we didn't even know it, you know. The only way I can ever have a wedding, not even just like a dream wedding but a wedding, is being here. If you or I were to go home, we have nothing, and I know that. That's very true. Um, I'm not here to like throw a pity party for myself, but they don't... I mean, I have like, I have student loans and out and, you know, Kevin has his credit card bills and, you know. She's telling my story, and I know personally coming from a situation like that, it's hard. It's difficult. I don't have any support from my parents... This just means so much to me. I don't want to make you feel uncomfortable. I'm gonna get emotional. I can hear Dominique and Allyson crying in there together and I can't give her any more time with her. I have to get in there now. And you know, I hope, I just hope you just have it in your heart to just let me have that opportunity. - Beep, beep. - Come in. Hey. I just want to make sure we - don't run out of time. - Okay, okay, yeah. No, I'll let you, okay. All right, thank you for listening, Allyson. No problem, honey. Good luck. Thank you. Okay, god, so... Okay, god. Well, first of all, I know this is really a hard decision for you. Yeah, pretty big decision, god. Oh, it is. Um, but like I mean, what is important to you in like wanting someone up there with you? Like what do you feel like is important to you and how are you gonna make your decision? I am honest, I'm, I am torn right now. I'm not gonna lie about that. This is very difficult for me. I kinda wish I went second, to be honest. Allyson is really unpredictable. I know jenessa is very articulate and she's very convincing, and this is my only chance to have a wedding. So that does make me nervous. If I go home tonight, like I would absolutely just be devastated. It's just my only chance. Coming up... Well, girls, we are down to the final three. This has gotta be the most important rsvp ceremony for me to date. I am praying that I make the right decision. - And later... - Allyson is really unpredictable. I have no idea how she's gonna vote, and I'm really nervous about that. I am honest, I'm, I am torn right now. I know I have to convince Allyson to keep me in the house over Dominique. This is very difficult for me. Do you feel like there's anything like between us that we should clear up? Jenessa is truly my Nemesis in this competition. You don't have to make it to the top by stepping on people. It's a competition... Alexandra, you may not have been the biggest loser, you may not have won that competition, but tonight you are the biggest loser. The thing that probably bothers me the most with you is the fact that you had to tell Lisa Marie that. Jenessa is the one who threw me under the bus... beep, beep... Just so she could claw her way up. I haven't forgotten about it. I have to admit, I was extremely upset about that. I was not happy. And it just so happens the person that she stepped on now holds the decision on whether or not she goes home or not. I think I got upset that day 'cause you know how it is, being trapped in recovery and you're on all this pain medication. That hurt me, but the thing that probably bothers me the most with you is the fact that you had to tell Lisa Marie like right then and there. And I just know it killed her. She had just found out she's going home, and then she finds out that people were referring to her as a cockroach. My heart broke at that moment. I totally understand what you're saying. I'm sorry. That was, that was definitely like wrong on my part. Yeah. I want this like more than I wanted anything in my entire life. I mean, I think it's kinda like with you, your lipo, like you wanted it your whole life. And you know, I saw that in the challenge that we did together and I was just like, I just want her to have that. I've wanted my nose done since I can remember, but Lisa Marie, I really think that you should give this to Allyson. And so I'm gonna suggest that you give it to her. I guess so I would ask that you take that into consideration. I really have nothing to feel towards jenessa. It's almost like a blank stare. Yes, you did give up an opportunity for a surgery for me and then good things followed for you as well afterwards, so you won the very next challenge. So... One by one, she's plucked all of my friends out of here. And here I have the chance to just send her home like she sent everybody else home. I have to be honest with you, I've never had a problem with anybody in this house. I have to tell you I was not happy when that went down. I can honestly say that I am up here at the top, and I didn't step on anybody to get here. And I didn't talk crap about anybody. And I didn't backstab anybody. No, don't. Don't. I personally haven't had any issues with Allyson in the house up till now. And I know that when Lisa Marie left, Allyson and jenessa got into a fight. So I'm kind of hoping that works out in my favor. I expect you to cry when I leave. I'm gonna be very offended if you don't. Ladies, please meet me in the foyer. Hello. I am so nervous. I just really hope that Allyson takes what I said to her to heart. Allyson and I both have financial struggles and wouldn't be able to have a wedding unless we were here and we did win "bridalplasty." I'm just hoping that she can see that. Well, girls, there used to be 12 of you, and now we are down to the final three. Allyson, you are our top bride, so it is time for you to place your rsvp in the rsvp box. And I'm going to need the two bottom brides, Dominique and jenessa, to come with me. It's pretty unnerving to know that I've worked so hard in this competition and I have to rely on unpredictable Allyson for my fate. Good luck. Thank you. This has gotta be the most important rsvp ceremony for me to date because it lies in my hands who I'm taking to the finale with me. On one hand, I just wanna send jenessa home, but on the other hand, I want her to get just that close of getting that dream wedding and just rip it out right from under her. But me and Dominique cannot afford a wedding, so Dominique does deserve to be standing next to me in the finals. I am praying that I make the right decision. Obviously, I want to stay because I have been fighting since the beginning and I want to not only win our perfect dream wedding, but I want to be the perfect bride. I'm feeling very nervous going into tonight's rsvp ceremony. Obviously, I have to go up against jenessa and I hate that. I do hope that Allyson can relate to me in some way and pick me to stay. Tonight's elimination is going to be very, very interesting because on one hand I've got this sweet, innocent person who I believe needs it, and on the other hand I have my Nemesis. Whoever I decide to choose, they just better be ready to grab the bull by the horns. Hello, Allyson, and welcome to the "bridalplasty" rsvp ceremony. I hope you thought about this carefully because you will be choosing one of these two brides to compete with you in the finale. Allyson's making the decision and I have no idea how she's gonna vote, and I'm really nervous about that. Whew. The time has come to reveal your rsvp. This is it. It's go time. Okay, yes. Most difficult rsvp ceremony ever. There is no secret of that. To be in the finale was like a gift in itself, and now I get to share that gift with someone else. I'll start with Dominique. I know that you share the same passions with wanting the wedding and needing the wedding as I do. I really feel for you. I really do. Jenessa, you are so driven. You know what you want. You go after it. I do consider myself to also have those traits. You were probably the only person in this house that I developed a problem with, and that really, really bothered me because I've always been the one that believed about, you know, climbing to the top and not having to step on anyone to get there and doing it the right way. It's really unbelievable that Allyson is about to deny me my right to be in the finals. I worked so hard for this. Done? I want a person next to me that was gonna be my competition. I want to stare it right in the face. I want the best of the best up there with me. I want someone that, in the end, if I win, I know that I've conquered the best. The person that I chose... Okay, breathe. Tonight I have to choose between jenessa and Dominique. I want someone that, in the end, if I win, I know that I've conquered the best. I really hate the fact that I have to make this decision right now and I have to put an end to someone's dream. I honestly think that this person has manipulated their way to where they are right now. And I'm feeling that I just have to take the bull by the horns and beat the crap out of them and then become the perfect bride. Oh, my god. I feel so entirely bad about sending Dominique home. But I want to face jenessa head on and beat the crap out of her. I don't know what to say. Dominique, Allyson has made her decision, and unfortunately, your time here at "bridalplasty" and your quest to become the perfect bride is over. Your wedding will still go on. It just may not be perfect. I don't take the easy way out. I'm gonna take you on, and I'm gonna prove that you don't have to step on people to get to the top and win. Thank you so much, Allyson. Bitch, get your hands off of me. Thank you so much. It feels pretty great to be a finalist in "bridalplasty" because I've worked from day one since I got into this house to get to this point, and I know that I deserve this more than Allyson. Jenessa, Allyson, you are in the "bridalplasty" finale and you both are one step closer to having the wedding of your dreams. Congratulations. And remember, whichever one of you wins "bridalplasty" will have all the surgeries on her wish list and won't see her fiance until her wedding day. All right, ladies, I will see you both tomorrow night at the finale where we will finally choose the perfect bride. I think all of the power that Allyson has been given has really gone to her head. She must be delusional enough to think that she could actually beat me in the finals. I'm not a coward. I'm not afraid of jenessa, so I decide I am gonna take jenessa with me to the finals. I'm gonna beat her ass in this competition, and then I'm gonna send her packing. I'm very confident that I can take her on and I can win. Next time on the season finale of "bridalplasty"... We started with 12 brides... Dominique. Nice to meet you. To our fiances and to the competition. Each week they faced bridal challenges... She's straddling his right leg. Does your mom wish you were marrying one of your exes instead of Kristen? - >> No. - To win painful - procedures off her wish list. - >> Ow. In a house full of brides, there was sure to be drama. Hey, Kristen, if you want to say something to me, then say it to my face. They don't want me in this house. - They're fake-ass bitches. - One by one, ten brides-to-be were eliminated from the competition. Now only two remain... Me and you just needed to just go head-to-head. I'm gonna let her know what it feels like to get that close to something and then have your dreams ripped out from under you. I am glad that you recognize that I'm a strong competitor. I don't think Allyson knows who she's competing against. But only one will win her dream wedding. Oh, my god. Oh! Oh, my god. Oh, my gosh. I can't wait to see what she looks like. Let's finally see our beautiful bride. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 