Bridalplasty: Season 1, Episode 5 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Bridalplasty 
 s1e5 - Episode #1.5 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Bridalplasty (2010–…): Season 1, Episode 5 - Episode #1.5 - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Previously on "bridalplasty"... Dominique, that is correct. You are our top bride. You will be leaving right now. Heidi, we're gonna break this nose. Tap tap. - Oh, look at the bleeding. - We also have three bottom brides. This is really bad. I don't know how I'm gonna keep both Lisa Marie and Melissa in the house. Right now in the house there's a group of good girls and there's a group of bad girls. You're such a good person, I feel like you deserve it. I really think Lisa Marie is 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 a total sweetheart. She's just been brainwashed by that stupid alliance. I've never met anybody as like snake-like as jenessa. She has a dirty soul. I'm not confident that I can sway other girls' votes, but I wanna do everything I can to try and keep Melissa in the house. I will give you my word that if it's you and Melissa in the bottom next week, I will vote for you. And if she promised you that she would vote for you if you're in the bottom next week, would that change your mind? I'm telling you if you give Melissa one more chance, you have control. Giving you my word. You're gonna be okay. Thank you. Seriously. It's the moment of truth. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Melissa, unfortunately the brides have spoken and you do not have enough guests at your table. I did my best to make a deal with Alexandra. She definitely played me a little bit and I'd really like to take her down. I really did consider jenessa's offer. But ultimately, I'd rather take my chances against her versus taking my chances trusting her. Taking my chances trusting her. Jenessa, your ass is going down. What's going on? Hey, how are you? You look pretty. You swelled up a little bit, huh? Hmm. But this is how you're supposed to look. I still don't feel like it's real, but I have this cast on my nose and it's so hard to tell what it looks like. You only have a little bit of purpling now and in a couple days it'll be gone. I'm just looking forward to me to heal, and for this to come off. All right, hang in there. I will. Okay, you. Can I have a quick look? Sure, oh, yeah, I mean, take a look at your work. Sit down. Go ahead and just, let me take a quick look. Go for it. Wow. This is beautiful. You look recovered to me. Yeah, you look great. As soon as Dr. dubrow let me know that I could leave the recovery room, I have to pack all my stuff and move into the blue room. Moving out. I can't help but to feel like if I am at the bottom this time around, people are gonna start strategizing against me and send me home because I've already got a surgery that I wanted. You have been discharged. Thank you. That's pretty awesome. You should've seen her face, she was so... Aw, honey. Losing Melissa was a huge blow to our alliance. Now I only have Dominique and Lisa Marie left and I'm definitely a little worried. Hey, ladies, why don't you come on down and meet me in the living room? Hey, girls. Grab a drink, take a seat, and we're gonna have some girl talk. I walk around the corner and I see Shanna and like another lady sitting there. I'm curious about what's about to go on. Well, ladies, over the past couple weeks we have focused most of our attention on your wedding. We also can't forget what happens after, and I'm talking about the honeymoon. The honeymoon is the first night of the rest of your sex life as a wife. I've invited a very special guest, Dr. Sadie Allison. She is an award-winning author. She also owns tickle kitty, which I like to call a pleasure store, and she is known as America's pleasure coach. Hi, ladies, how are you guys today? America's pleasure coach is here. Ooh. This is right up my alley. First, what I'd like to start off with today is to gauge where you're at in your sex lives. I'd like to know from each of you what you feel you are the worst at in the bedroom. That's right, the worst at. Okay, who wants to go first? Oh, no, this is gonna be awkward. I'll go. I would say, um, longevity, like it's takes, you know... I'm sorry. He's not like 15 seconds, but like I'd prefer it to be longer. You said it. I did say it, whoops. I feel really bad for Dominique's fiance, poor guy. 'Cause now he's known nationally that he can't hang. So he finishes his pleasure too soon. Sometimes. Oh, my god, like what am I thinking? Like I blame the pain medicine. It came out so wrong, so wrong. What you can do is you can have an open conversation with him about that and let him know some of the things that you would enjoy before he just ends it, because, let's face it, when guys finish sometimes it's finished. That's no fun for us. All right, who's next? I feel like we do the same things over and over again, and I get really bored. My fiance's gonna kill me for that, but I had to be honest. Sometimes guys need to be told what to do. Take it in control for yourself and you go and seek out the new ideas and you introduce them in the bedroom. I totally think jenessa is one of those girls that just lays there and is like, go ahead. You've got five minutes. Let's get this over with. Okay, so I wanted to also find out from you ladies where are you a rock star when it comes to the bedroom? Let's start with you, rock star back there. Well, multiple things. Actually like the, the bj. Good girl. She must be a tiger in bed. Her man must be really happy and he's gonna be even happier when them big old boobs are bouncing - in his face. - I wanna see Allyson turn bright red, so Allyson, what do you think you're good at? Flexibility? I'm actually pretty flexible. Believe it or not, the big girl can move it. I'm a pretzel. Since you only have one honeymoon night, make sure that you let the build-up and anticipation come into play, 'cause I'd make sure no clothes comes off, no gown, no lingerie comes off for at least an hour. And then you can even dry hump a little bit. Did she just say "dry hump?" Honestly? Oh, my god, no, she didn't go there. Cheyenne, you're so quiet. I just, I personally think that there are some things that are kept personal between you and him and this is one of them. Closet freak. It's always the quiet ones. Okay, girls, well, now you know what to do on your honeymoon. You're gonna need some place to go. I have these vacation portfolios that each of you are gonna put in your bridal closets. Oh, my god. Oh, my god. The winner of "bridalplasty" and the last bride standing will get a Fiji vacations honeymoon package to the namale resort and spa, and you will have tickets on air pacific, the world's friendliest airline. Fiji vacations. Fiji vacations gave us a honeymoon to add to our bridal closets and I'm so excited, since me and my fiance have both lost our jobs, there was no honeymoon in the cards and if we were to have one it was probably down the street at the local super 8 motel, maybe in a spa suite. Maybe a bottle of bubbles. A feather to tickle. Yeah, that's about it. So now that we had a little fun it is time to get down to business. There are seven of you, so I'm gonna need you to split yourself up in teams of three, leaving one bride out. Shanna tells us that we have to split teams and there is gonna be one odd man out. I have no idea what that means. Maybe it's a great thing and maybe it's a really horrible thing that could lead me into automatically the bottom. And girls, remember that Dominique is on medical leave so she is not participating. Good luck, ladies, I'll see you in an hour. As soon as Shanna told us to split into teams we decided to have a house meeting. I really wanna be the girl sitting out in this challenge. I definitely do not wanna be involved with any groups because I don't trust anyone in this house. Mm-hmm, nope. I have no problem just taking one for the team and just sitting out. I don't mind being out either. I was gonna say the same thing. I'm assuming everyone wants to be the bride out or what? I mean, we could pull the name from a hat for the person who's staying out. We should maybe do like names in a hat or something and then that's just the person. All of our names go into a hat and we pick them out random draw, because I think it's the fairest way to do this. Your fate is in our hands, no pressure. Lisa Marie. Wow. Were you not okay with that? No, I was surprised. I just kept envisioning my name, I don't know why. I'd rather be chosen than to choose. So again, here I find myself being chosen to be the odd man out. I kind of feel like maybe like you should be on one team and Cheyenne should be on one because you guys have really been like consistently at the top in every competition. But. I, I guess that's fair. I already got to have surgery, I'm thinking, oh, my gosh, let's just keep the peace and just go with it. I suggest that Kristen and Cheyenne split because they've done well in all of the challenges. So this way, no matter what team loses, one of them will definitely be in the bottom three. Okay, so we'll be together, then. Oh, you and me? Okay, yes. Well, I was gonna ask netty, actually, because we had worked together before and I worked really well with her. Okay, so it's settled. Kristen, netty, and Alexandra. Jenessa always has a really slick way of getting what she wants. I don't like it and I don't trust it at all. Coming up... A healthy married sex life is all about communication and variety. I'm totally weirded out right now, but in a kinky way, kind of excited. You are now our top bride. She is gonna look so great in her wedding dress. It's gonna be great. Hello, ladies, and welcome to your "bridalplasty" honeymoon challenge. So we walk in and we see two car crash dummies, on top of two mattresses. I'm totally weirded out right now, but in a kinky way, kind of excited. I asked you guys to separate yourselves into teams of three, leaving one bride out. So tell me what your teams of three are. Kristen, netty, and Alexandra. And so our second team is made up of Cheyenne, jenessa, and Allyson. Lisa Marie, how do you feel about not having a team? Ooh. Lisa Marie, because you do not have a team, you will not have the opportunity to become top bride and pick one of the plastic surgeries off your wish list. Well, that sucks. Oh, and Lisa Marie, there's one more thing. You and you alone will be deciding out of the winning team, who will be top bride. Oh, my goodness. How am I supposed to handle this? This is like a life-altering decision. Someone's gonna get a gift of a new body part and it's up to me to choose? Lord, help me. Can I put my name back in the hat? As Dr. Sadie Allison spoke about this morning, a healthy married sex life is all about communication and variety. And that's why tonight's "bridalplasty" challenge is all about the sexual positions of the Indian hindu text the "kama sutra." This challenge has to do with sex. The other team consists of some - really prude people. - Jenessa. So our chances of winning are really high. Well, ladies, as you can see, we have some friends here with us tonight. These are our honeymoon crash test dummies. And they are gonna be relying on you to give them one hot and steamy honeymoon night. Each team will have one communicator and two handlers. The communicator will be shown diagrams of seven different sexual positions and she must verbally describe to the handlers how to put the dummies into these positions. The first team to correctly recreate all positions wins. The members of the losing team will become our three bottom brides and be at risk of going home. Kristen and Cheyenne, since you both had surgery, you should be the communicators for your teams to avoid any potential pain, okay? Because I'm still medically challenged in the bosom region, I have to be the communicator. Okay, ladies. Take your positions. Girls, Dr. Sadie and myself will each be judging a team. When we feel you have correctly positioned your dummies, we will give you the signal to move on to the next position. Good luck, ladies. Go. Get started on the sporting of the sparrow. Sporting of a what? What kind of names are these? Guy by the butt of the girl but facing her like got it? Girl's legs over guy's shoulders. Guy bending at knee, guy bending at knees, guy bending at knees. And him on his knees, him on his knees. Put him on his knees. And have her straddle his head. Girl's arms like this. Guy's arms grabbing her ass. Flip her. Okay, you've got it, next. Sporting of sparrow, done. This is called like a lotus, ladies. Okay, girl on bottom, cross her legs like Indian style, arms at side. There you go, there you go. He's on top of her. Like no. He's on top of her. Put his arms down by her butt, down by her butt. All right, you guys have got it, move on. She's on her back with her legs Indian-style. This way, guys. Got it, got it. Good, good, I'll take that one, let's go. You girls are on the mare. Girl on top, guy sitting up like he's in a chair. He's supporting himself with his arms behind him. The next card that we get is the mare, and it's not that weird. It's really kind of like a reverse cowgirl position. Her arms are supporting where her knees are. You've got it. This one actually seems really comfortable for me. No, lean her legs up, up, on her stomach. That's correct, move on. Thank you, oh, my god. Go on to the pair of tongs. God, freak. Looks like fun, ladies. Remember, the first team to complete seven positions wins. Okay, her arms, okay. For the fourth one, pair of tongs, you're like hanging. How do I even begin to describe this? One underneath him, where his is. Okay, like this? Yeah, but okay, his legs... He's holding on to her leg down there. Oh, right here, right here. Her leg's underneath his arm. She's holding on to the... that's it, that's it. Okay, you've got it, next. Thank you. So we finally get position number four and we're still in the lead. At this point there's no way that we're losing this challenge. Okay, fixing of the nail. Girl on bottom. Leg up like this. She's sitting on him with her head facing this way and her legs are back. This way on the bench, right? Yes. He's sitting like that with... He's leaning back, he's leaning back. - He's leaning back. - So now we're two points behind the other team. Allyson's a little slow, so I definitely gotta step it into high gear and work for the both of us. Okay, that's good, go on. Okay, my team is on pair of tongs. He's standing, she's straddling his right leg. Her leg's in between his, that leg. That's it. You've got it, next. Okay, now you've got the crab. Let's move it. Put her leg between his legs. It's up between his legs. Yes, like that. Go on, you're good. I notice Cheyenne's team is starting to kick ass. We're barely in the lead. Every time we're getting a "next," they're getting a "next," too. So it's like we really gotta be on our game. Lean him, hurry, hurry, lean him, yes, like that, exactly like that, leave him. Got it. I look over to the other team, and they're on the same position as us. I don't wanna lose this challenge. And he's grabbing her ass. And she's grabbing her knees. Grab his ass, grab her ass. Good, good, I'll take that one, let's go. Next, next, next. Keep it going, you guys. Split the bamboo. No, wrong leg, netty. Wrong leg. Put her, put her arms by her legs. Put her... her arms are holding her own legs. Yes, move on. This is your last position. Her right leg is up. Come on, girls. Cheyenne and I are tied. It could go any way and I'm frickin' panicking. Arms go down on the bed, on the bed. Between her legs. That's it, that's it. He's wrapped around. That's it. Just like that. Yes, yes, yes! Coming up... All right, this is your last position. Put that leg between her leg. The other leg between her legs. There is no way I'm gonna be in the bottom over sex. The fate of their happiness lies in your hands. This is a hard decision because I love you all so much. All right, this is your last position. Put that leg between her leg. Put the other leg between her legs. Cheyenne's just seconds in front of us. There is no way I'm gonna be in the bottom three this time around over sex. He's holding her waist. No, wrong leg, netty, wrong leg. He's just holding that leg on his knees. He's on his knees just wrapping his arms around that leg. It's neck and neck. We have to pull through. That's it, he's wrapped around it, that's it. Wait a minute, let me see. I hear Cheyenne call out, "done." Please, please, please, be wrong. That's it, you got it. Good, we're done. Oh, my god. I'm so excited to win. I'm just... it's just such a relief to be safe for another week. Even better, I think I'm about to be top bride thanks to Lisa Marie. Oh, my god. You are awesome at that, girl. I'm pissed because I really wanted those three to be in the bottom. To have Cheyenne and, you know, jenessa, two people that haven't been at the bottom yet, I really want them to know what it feels like. Cheyenne, jenessa and Allyson, you have won the "bridalplasty" honeymoon challenge. Now, before Lisa Marie makes her decision, I'm gonna give each of you a chance to plead your case. Okay, Allyson, let's start with you. Well, Lisa, I guess you know, it's no secret how bad I want these gone. Face it, I would never be able to have this surgery back home. I would never be able to afford it. We can barely afford a wedding. I want my arm liposuctioned. I wanna look gorgeous in a strapless dress. That will change my life and will change my wedding. Okay, Cheyenne, you're next, so let's hear from you. I think I've talked to you a few times about how I would want my veneers redone. However, that's something I would not want for you to choose. That's something I wanna win myself down the road. And I know both of their insecurities and I know what it felt like to have one of mine taken off my list. And I want them to have that opportunity to do the same thing. So I would actually rather you go with one of them, please. That's really smart of Cheyenne. I may have a big opportunity here. And finally, jenessa, what would you like to say to Lisa Marie? I've wanted my nose done since I can remember, and if I could get that fixed I would absolutely look better on my wedding day, but Lisa Marie, I really think you should give this to Allyson. And so I'm gonna suggest that you give it to her. When jenessa turns down the surgery, I'm thinking maybe she's not the person I thought she was. I just think that Allyson really deserves it. Ultimately, doing this good deed may help to change my reputation in the house and that may be more useful at this point than the surgery. You've heard from all three brides now, and the fate of their happiness lies in your hands. Since we've all concurred the same, I think it's best to give it to Allyson. Oh, my god, it feels amazing to be the top bride. Okay, ladies, thank you and good night. I'm really depressed. I just lost, I'm in the bottom. This sucks. Jenessa has everybody in the house under her wing. With the way people manipulate... I would give up anything to see the most deserving people be here. Someone's gotta go home. I just want someone to win that's been real. That's all. When you say stuff like that, it makes us feel like we don't deserve it. And I understand that you're upset, but it's, it makes us feel really. What is wrong with you? I'm not picking on you. Why are you talking to me? Well, you're sitting here acting like we don't deserve to win. I get the fact that you're all happy. I am happy for Allyson. I wanted her more than anything to get the surgery. You're making me feel like I didn't deserve to win. I know you deserved to win. Hey, Kristen, if you wanna say something to me then say it to my face. I'm not saying anything to your face because I don't want to, because I don't wanna be like that. I wanna vent to my friend, that's all. And that's being real? I'm not saying anything, so if you're bringing up your own name, then that's your... no, it was pretty evident that Allyson deserves it and Cheyenne deserves it. Well, I'm the only other one up there. I'm just saying I want someone who's real and passionate about being here to win. I just gave away a $12,000 surgery so I don't know how much more unselfish I can be. So like if that doesn't tell you something about my character, like I don't really know what to do. This fight between Kristen and jenessa can really work out to my advantage, because if I can have jenessa vote for me this could be one more vote that I have at this rsvp ceremony. I mean, you're making us feel like, and I'm being honest with you. I mean, sorry, you are. It's cool, like I get it. Crap, I'm the bottom, I just had a fight with jenessa, Cheyenne and I are friends, but Cheyenne getting closer with jenessa could actually do me some harm. I keep thinking to myself, am I really losing all my friends? This is so confusing. I've never been the girl in the prom dress that got the gasps and, "oh, wow, she's absolutely gorgeous." I've never had that moment. Even the biggest tomboy wants to be a princess on her wedding day. See, this is the obvious area we're gonna do. All of this. I'm gonna squeeze you down afterwards, okay? Then the face. We're gonna make a little incision here, one here, and one little guy right here. Then we're not gonna remove all this fat, but I want to bring out your real bone structure of your face. Are you good with this? I'm good. 100%? Okay, good. Like going off on me like that. I think she directed her anger in the wrong... at the wrong, at the wrong person. Last night I noticed that Cheyenne was definitely more on my side than Kristen's. Something I should keep pursuing. I don't wanna feel like I have to walk on eggshells around her. Of course, I wouldn't want you to feel like that with anybody. At this point I'm kind of worried because I'm like, well, jenessa's not gonna vote for Kristen now because they're fighting, you know, so it sucks for me too because I don't want to see my friend go home. I understand if you wanna fight with me about like something that's like worth fighting about, but like just like unnecessary like blowing up for no reason, like we gotta stop that. Yeah, I know. Well, right now they're definitely strategizing. Jenessa has everybody in the house under her wing. She controls them. Cheyenne is weak and so is Lisa Marie and honestly, they're gonna listen to whatever jenessa says. Jenessa's completely a puppet master. She wants to control everyone and everything to make sure she's number one and the last one standing. She has them, though. She knows, she knows what she's doing. Yeah, she does. The hell? Freaking. This just breaks my heart. Seriously, Cheyenne? You're gonna listen to jenessa, who has not given two craps about you until now? Cheyenne, I love you. I love you guys, too. I'm like glad I got to know you, though, because I feel like we're really gonna be good friends after this. My relationship with jenessa is like closer than I've ever been. People in the house talk about jenessa like she was a bad person, but it's not that case at all. Half the time I wanna tell jenessa she better sleep with one eye open. It's true. You better frickin' sleep with your eye open, bitch, because - I'm after you. - Coming up... When people say liposculpture, this is what they're talking about. She had her arms done. - Whoo! - And later... There is an apology owed. We come in from underneath the earlobes, and that'll help melt and tighten the skin of the neck. And that is melted facial fat right there. Now we're gonna go inside the mouth, to take the fat that's inside the cheeks. Here's the piece out of her left cheek. You have to find the right balance between reducing the volume but not doing too much and letting the arm skin loosen up. When people say liposculpture, this is what they're talking about. I'm excited about this arm. She's gonna look so great in her wedding dress with virtually no scars. Well, that's good. Let's close this. She's gonna love it. We are finished. Hey, Allyson. Hi. Can I take this off? Wanna look around for a minute? You're all finished. Open up your eyes. Don't go anywhere, just look around. Allyson. Your surgery went great. I will come see you tomorrow at the recovery center, okay, at the house, and I'll take great care of you, okay? All right, sweetie. Real slow, okay. Stand right here for a minute. How do you feel? Okay, doing good. - Very good. - Whoo! Allyson, Allyson! Whoo! I would love to be a top bride and get a surgery knocked off my wish list. But, you know, destiny is destiny. They did her chin, too, while they were at it. Sucked my arms and sucked my chin. When Allyson comes home she looks like a little cabbage patch doll. She's like all swollen, and she's all wrapped up, and I'm just really excited for her and I know she's gonna be so happy. I'll see you guys in a little bit. Bye! She still breaks it down. I am dancing in my wheelchair. I feel stoked to be just that much closer to being the perfect bride, and I just can't wait for - John to see me. - Yay. Okay, I'm gonna go out on a limb here. There is an apology owed. At this point, it's more than important that I be the bigger person and let jenessa have the benefit of the doubt. I said some mean things and I hate when I do that. I feel like a lot of the reasons you don't like me are not because of your reasons like because of things that have been instigated by other people. I can completely agree with that, because everything that I've heard about you has been from other people. I hear these things and so I formulate an opinion and I applied it to you. 'Cause we had a few conversations, like clearing things up, and then I feel like we're good, and now I feel like you're mad at me again about something. I don't know if it's like people running to you and saying things because they wanna take me out, so they want to sway people's opinions about me. And what I was getting from those opinions was that like you were manipulating situations, that like things were being said behind people's backs, and like that's like how I was taking it, so that was beginning to be my impression of you. Who's telling you this, the master manipulator? Alexandra. So confusing. Here I'm thinking jenessa's been the one manipulating and playing us all the whole time, but lo and behold, it's been Alexandra. This girl who said she was my friend made me look like such an idiot. Right now jenessa has everybody in the house under her wing. She controls them and Cheyenne is weak and so is Lisa Marie and honestly, they're gonna listen to whatever jenessa says. I'm thinking back to the fight I had with jenessa. Hey, Kristen, if you wanna say something to me, then - say it to my face. - And the second it all went down, the one person who told me everything about jenessa didn't back me up one bit. I really have to apologize, because I was really under a different impression. I just was under the impression you were like throwing people under the bus, that you were manipulating people, that you were forming alliances, and I feel like an idiot because I believed her. Oh, yeah, jenessa, that suspicious bitch. You mean that manipulative bitch? The one that's trying to manipulate me right now. I see you looking at me. Oh, my gosh. What a gullible sucker. I can't believe it was so easy to turn everyone against Alexandra. It's like taking candy from a baby. I can't believe they're so naive. This couldn't be a more perfect situation. Coming up... And later... You will have one hour to decide which bride you would most like to see stay. I'm not sure how the girls are gonna react when I reveal my vote. This is really gonna be a test of whether I'm really the puppet what's with the paper plates? Is this from like another day? I wake up this morning and the vibe in the house is so weird. Last night Cheyenne did not sleep in the room, and this morning she packed up half her stuff and took it over to the blue room. Something's definitely up. Kristen. What's up? What did I miss? Not much. Last night, I went to bed early and all the girls were out hanging out together by the hot tub. So I need to know, what the hell is going on? Seriously, um. 'Cause like I woke up today and the vibe is so... Different? And I feel it all towards me. I know you would be the only one to let me know what it is. Like was my name brought up last night or anything? No. Alexandra needs to be kept in the dark for multiple reasons. "A," she's a very scary person and can punch a bitch. "B," the more Alexandra knows, the more Alexandra controls. Well, I just wanted to make sure that no one was like talking about me. I don't know. Okay, well, I just wanted to ask you because you're someone that I definitely thought I could trust. I feel that Kristen is not telling me something or maybe she just doesn't know what's going on. This is what happens when you go to sleep and you miss everything that was said. Thank you. It really is. I'm at a crossroads here. I've been trying to clean up my image by burying Alexandra but now I'm not sure what's better, Alexandra going home, or Kristen. I would hug you but I'm sweaty. Okay. If jenessa and I join forces, maybe we can get some of these other girls out of the house. I can't even breathe. I know, it's okay. If I make it past tonight, let the games begin. Ladies, come meet me in the foyer. Tonight's elimination and I'm the bottom three. Last night a lot of things happened that made me question some of the friendships I have had. I have to put all my trust into jenessa. I just hope that I don't get sent home, and that I still have a chance to compete for my dream wedding. You guys look pretty. Thank you. As you can see, the rsvp box is now here. You will have one hour to decide which bride you would most like to see stay. I have no idea what anyone's thinking at this point, but I'm not worried, because first people were kind of angry at Kristen, now they're really angry at Alexandra, and so I'm actually kind of feeling really good about this. All right, I need the bottom brides... Alexandra, Kristen, netty... to come with me. Okay. I'd like to get rid of Alexandra, just because of what she's done to people in the house, but Kristen is definitely a competitive threat. I'm not sure how the girls are gonna react when I reveal my vote. Coming up... You are the kind of person that you don't care who you step on along the way. Oh, my god. My friend, the one person I thought I could trust in this house, completely lied. I guess never trust when people tell you that they're rooting for you. I promised you my vote, and as your mentor I'd like to, uh, take a few moments to tell you a few things. If jenessa doesn't sit at my table, I'm done. The one person I haven't trusted this whole time, I'm now relying off of. This is crazy. After our little jacuzzi moment last night, I feel better about what my chances are when it comes to staying through this elimination. But if I do home, like fine. At least I'm going home sexy. Ha ha, bitches. I'm so glad that I was completely away from all the drama, so I really do feel like I have a really good chance going into this. I'm really excited going into this rsvp ceremony. This is really gonna be a test of whether I'm really the puppet master or not. Hello, ladies, and welcome to another "bridalplasty" rsvp ceremony. The time has come to reveal your rsvps and send one of these bottom brides home. Cheyenne. Kristen, darling. Obviously we've been extremely close from day one, and I know that after this, you and me are gonna be like really good friends regardless because I love you and I know you're an amazing person. Alexandra, we were friends from day one. You were my roommate. You were probably one of my favorite people in the house and since then have slowly declined. You are the kind of person that you don't care who you step on along the way as long as Alexandra gets to where Alexandra wants to be. Cheyenne is saying a lot of rude things. But keep them coming, Cheyenne, because jenessa's voting for me, and when I have a chance to cut you, I will. So unfortunately, Dr. dubrow can fix faces, he can't fix personalities. I totally feel for Kristen, but this is a game and I have to win this. Oh, my god, my friend, the one person I thought I could trust in this house, completely lied. And then I look over at jenessa and I'm like, this sucks. I'm screwed. Lisa Marie. Kristen. I can't thank you enough for always being such a true friend. You're always fair and you're so beautiful. However, I think sometimes you let your emotions get the best of you. Alexandra. We know that you're gonna go far in life. You have it in you. The person I did choose, I just hope that they can peel back their layers and I can learn more about them. I feel like I'm completely missing something. What do you think you're missing? I guess never trust when people tell you that they're rooting for you because obviously it's not true, ha. I'm going out of my mind. I cannot believe that Cheyenne and Lisa Marie played me this hard. They said that they had my back and I had their vote, so it's just, just how the cookie crumbles, I suppose. At least I know I wouldn't go back on what I said. It's getting intense. Kristen just called out Lisa Marie and she has every right to. I'm so shocked right now, I could've sworn that Lisa Marie was going to vote for Kristen. Dominique. Alexandra, I wanna start with you. Your spirit... you're fun loving. And just being around you gets me up, gets me motivated, gets me moving. I really admire that. Kristen. You are a firecracker. You took us all down like the first three challenges without even breaking a sweat. And now I'm here. Right. Exactly. The reason why I chose who I chose tonight was because I really don't feel like I've learned enough about her yet. And I really need to. Dominique. What the hell, did you just sit at netty's table? Jenessa told me you were gonna sit at mine. Netty, you are now safe from going home, so congratulations. Thank you. I'm safe. Oh, my god, yay. I am freaking safe. It all comes down to jenessa. Jenessa, if you sit at Alexandra's table, she will be safe. And jenessa, if you sit at Kristen's table, she will be safe. If jenessa doesn't sit at my table, I'm done. The one person I haven't trusted this whole time I'm now relying off of. This is crazy. Jenessa promised me her vote. I can only hope that her word is true. Kristen. We had kind of a rocky start, you are a strong competitor. The way things have been going, I do not know how this vote is gonna happen. Will jenessa vote for me or Alexandra? I could be going home. I wish we would've really had a chance to get to know each other a little better and maybe not taken things for face value. Alexandra. I promised you my vote, and as your mentor I'd like to take a few moments to tell you a few things. I think that, as a manipulator, you would've realized today that you were being manipulated by everyone in the house. Alexandra definitely thinks she's the master manipulator but you know what? I played her better. And I just can't hold it in anymore. You may not have been the biggest loser, you may not have won that competition, but tonight, you are the biggest loser. Oh, hi. Alexandra got her ass whooped by words. Tonight's elimination was absolutely ruthless. I'm not sure at this point if Alexandra is this terrible person that everybody is making her out to be, but I so feel for her at this point. Alexandra, I'm sorry but your time here at "bridalplasty" and your quest to be the perfect bride is over. Your wedding will still go on. It just won't be perfect. Are there any last words that you'd like to say to your fellow brides? I have nothing to say to any of the girls in the house after what they just did to me, because none of them are worth my time. I definitely don't wanna be in a house full of fake bitches and that's exactly what they are and in the end, we'll see who the real manipulator is, because it really is jenessa. I'm not sure if I'm gonna get my tummy tuck. But it doesn't matter, because honestly, what I am gonna do is marry my fiance. Well, ladies, congratulations. You are all still in the running to become the perfect bride and to have the wedding of your dreams. Started crying for nothing. Everything worked out perfectly. Kristen's still here for now, but she's next on my list. I'm looking back like mouthing things like, I will cut you. Next time on "bridalplasty"... I'm gonna unwrap your arms. Oh! This is going to be the first time that I see my arms. I'm so excited. Oh, my god. I'm just really looking forward for me to see finally what my nose looks like. Oh, my god. You look so different. I have a new friend I'd like to introduce you to, giuliana rancic. Hi, guys. Hi. This is really exciting. You will be making your bridal bouquets. Lisa Marie, she can't even figure out how to tie a damn bouquet together. Are you kidding? You don't even know what happened. This is what happened to me. I had to deal with like acne as a very, very young person. And it was very hard for me. These surgeries are not cheap. And for someone to give you a gift like that and say, "here," Christmas time is here. Ah! 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 