Bridalplasty: Season 1, Episode 2 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Bridalplasty 
 s1e2 - For Better or Worse - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Bridalplasty (2010–…): Season 1, Episode 2 - For Better or Worse - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Previously on "bridalplasty"... Whoo! I will not see my fiance until my actual wedding day, but this whole thing's gonna be worth it when I win my dream wedding. You guys are all here because you want head-to-toe plastic surgery makeovers. I'm ready to do this and I'm gonna make sure that no one gets in the way. My proposal was a little bit different. I actually met my fiance on "the biggest loser." Really? I'm already sick of hearing it. We really need to get her out of 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 the house. Please welcome, Dr. dubrow. Here I've got your plastic surgery wish lists. Liposuction. Fantastic face but your nose is kind of ruining it. Some things are just not meant to be shown. Ladies! Oh, no, the competition's gonna start. Let's just say you don't wanna be the bottom brides. Go! My pieces are scattered around my feet and theirs are on the board. Lisa Marie, you got the last syringe. This did not just happen. I'm one of two bottom brides. One of them will be going home right now. I cannot be the first one to go home. I already was the first one on 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 - "the biggest loser." - Vote. Ashley, I'm sorry, you are the first one to be eliminated from "bridalplasty." Your wedding will still go on, but it just may not be perfect. Jenessa, Melissa, Lisa Marie, don't try to vote me out this house and think that we're gonna house and think that we're gonna be friends. So how do you feel? For being in the bottom? It sucks. It's just so weird 'cause you never know how like the votes are gonna swing. 'Cause you could be friends with somebody and vote for someone else. Yeah, there's not really anybody I don't like except for one person that annoys me, but. It definitely hurt me that Ashley left the house. I think if Alexandra would've left the house, everything would have been great. I don't know if I'm wrong, but I feel that people know automatically who they're gonna vote for when the bottom's said. I think that, I think some people do. Yeah. I'm still like reformulating my strategy. Dominique, Melissa, and I kinda hit it off. I actually might have a chance here to form an alliance with them. One by one, everyone will go home. Oh, my gosh, this is where you put your deposit down? Well, now we have no deposit. We've lost it twice now. You're kidding. Ever since I met my fiance John, it seems like my luck has taken a turn for the worst. I've planned my wedding twice. I've had to cancel it twice because both me and my fiance have been let go of work. - >> That's your cake? - Was. We don't have anything anymore. We lost everything. Couldn't get flowers. Couldn't get centerpieces. Allyson has been complaining about everything. I can relate to her in the sense of having money problems and things like that. Does she need to talk about it a little bit less? Yes. Hey, ladies! Hey! Hi! We have some wedding planning to do. I have booked a venue and that is it. I haven't even tried on dresses. Nothing. All I know is I want something extravagant and fancy. Every week we are going to do some wedding planning. And this week we are going to talk about wedding vows. Aw. Yes, I have brought two special guests. They're both good friends of mine. First, we have brande roderick. She is a "playboy" playmate and "baywatch" babe. And Jessica gillon. Jessica is a celebrity wedding planner. She didn't just plan brande's wedding, but she also helped her write her vows. I'm so excited that Jessica's here helping up with our vows. I know that she's helped countless celebrities. This is really a recipe. It's a recipe of you and him and who you are together. And the more personal you get, it really, it's exciting for the audience to see. Does anyone have like a totally know what they wanna say? I already have an idea of what I wanna say. I'm a little terrified of what he's gonna say like, "I'll be so ready to spend the rest of my life with your crazy ass" for all I know. My fiance bj is extremely passionate with words. He's gonna be like all emo about it yet funny, too. Cheyenne, do you have an idea of what you think you might? I think I told him we wanna write our own vows. I'm not sure, but I haven't even like sat down and thought about it. I feel like when I write my vows it's gonna take me two seconds because I know how I feel about him and it's not something I really have to think about. Jenessa, you're a girl who knows what she wants. Well, I definitely wanna write my own. I'll actually probably have to write his for me, too. So definitely need some help in that department. Oh, my gosh, I'm gonna have to help write lj's vows also, because he has been babied his entire life, so sometimes I feel like I'm his mom because he definitely likes to wait until the last minute to do everything. People like to hear, you know, your experiences and how you met and all the heartfelt things you guys feel for each other. Yeah. Well, I have one more big surprise for you. Hello, ladies. Why, hello there. This is Jason of Beverly hills and he is the jeweler to the stars. Jason from Beverly Hills walks in, and I'm one of those people that I always want everybody to look at me and envy me. So I, you know, it's pretty awesome. Jewelry, diamonds. Happy Allyson. Sparkle. Jason is here to present each of you with wedding rings. And I wanna remind you guys that the last bride standing will get to keep everything in her bridal closet, including these wedding rings. Jason? Yes. Please. If I may there's a collection of diamond wedding bands here. I like the one you're wearing. So are we supposed to pick one? Yeah, everyone gets to pick one ring. Yeah, I'm like bigger, better. It's one you'll be wearing forever. You like that one? As soon as Jason of Beverly hills puts the rings on the table, I grabbed the diamond ring that I wanted and I put it right on my finger and I just kept it so no one else could have it. I love that. I feel bombarded. I know a good diamond ring when I see one. Bling-bling to the tenth power! Everyone picks a ring that they're gonna have and they're gonna be putting it in their locker, and then at the end whoever wins gets to pick that. I'm just not sure if we're gonna break up any cat fights. Yeah. Immediately I go for the ring that's got like four rows of diamonds in it. Bam! Look at that. That sparkles. Jason, thank you so much. Thank you. Thank you. Bye-bye. Bye. Well, now that you all have your wedding rings, I'm going to tell you about the next challenge. Oh, my god. Now it's your turn to write your vows. In this challenge you will write five specific vows, something that your fiance would wanna hear. Ultimately, you'll be judged on how well your personal vows match your fiance's. My fiance and I knew we were gonna write our own vows right off the bat. However, we actually never - discussed what we'd be writing. - So we've actually - talked to your fiances. - I can't believe that my fiance will be participating in the challenge. That's a little nerve-racking considering I know we're gonna get critiqued, but it's also really exciting. It's almost like he's there. Oh, my god. When I found out that the challenge had to do with answers that were gotten from my fiance, I immediately got scared. Because he really does not think before he acts. You wanna work extra hard on this challenge because the top bride, she will win a plastic surgery of her choice off her wish list. Now that you have your rings, don't forget to put them in your bridal closets, and I will see you in the bridal tent in one hour. I'm feeling confident because I can articulate things much better on paper than, uh, verbally. I don't know what the to do here. Like I don't know which way he went with this. Yeah. Dude, I'm gonna freakin' murder him if I lose this challenge. I'm thinking, where's lj gonna go with this? Is he gonna go really funny? Is he gonna go serious? So I'm really kind of questioning where I wanna go with things. You don't understand, though, my fiance is like the most creative and sarcastic person ever. So now I'm like,. 'Cause now there's like so many random things he can do? Maybe you have to go back to the drawing board. I'm nervous about the vows. I wanna win this challenge. I'd love to get my breasts fixed. I found a breast lump, and they had to remove it. You have a scar on your left areola. This left breast is smaller than your right because you've had chunks taken out of it. Yeah, I just want to feel sexy again. Holy crap. I have to pee. I have to nervous pee. That would be cool to win. If someone gets their surgery, that's what's up. Like seriously, all of us want plastic surgery. That would be good. Crap. John calls himself the bad luck guy. Okay, heart drops because now I have to depend on the bad luck guy to prevent myself from being a bottom bride. Great. I am screwed. Coming up... I promise to be the best wife I can possibly be. It's so weird seeing Derek up on that screen. It's like a pretend marriage. I promise to make love to you at least six days a week. It's not classy. Allyson, are you okay, sweetie? Hello, ladies, and welcome back to the bridal tent. Sitting next to brande is her husband Glenn cadrez. He is a two-time super bowl champion for the Denver broncos. But more importantly, he's captured brande's heart. Aw, cute. We video-chatted with each of your fiances and asked them what five vows they would most like to hear from you. We recorded their answers and will play them on the screen. So you can get a total of five points. The bride that receives the highest score, she will become the top bride and get a plastic surgery procedure. I feel confident. I feel that I am a really well writer, a well speaker and I feel that I'm really about to rock this challenge. Hopefully I'll win the plastic surgery which is the prize. The three brides with the lowest scores will become our bottom brides in jeopardy of going home. I'm nervous about the vows because I just know what's most important to me. My squishy breasts. Our first bride is Lisa Marie. I'm so proud of my vows. These are vows that I care for. This is gonna be good. Derek, my pooh bear. You are the prince of my dreams. You are the breath that fills my lungs, that gives me life to breathe. You're my light that shines as bright as the kingdom of our lord. His creation of this sand and sea. We ask that he deliver us from temptation. I promise to always love you and I'll honor our relationship. I promise to take care of you and your mom as I did your father before he passed away. I promise to be truthful and loyal to our marriage for the rest of our lives. Oh, my god. All the dramatics. Oh, Derek, oh, Derek! I love you, let me count the ways! Lisa Marie, let's look at your matches. Derek, let's pull us through here. I want Lisa Marie to vow to give me a full-body massage at least once a week. That is not a match. I want Lisa Marie to vow to take as many ski lessons as possible. I want Lisa Marie to encourage me to go running and lift weights. Derek, where's your head? Like what is going on? To go on extreme trips. We already do. I would like Lisa Marie to make me breakfast in bed. I mean, he was probably trying to be funny, but I definitely wanna kill him. Obviously you do not have any matches. This is scary. Not only did I get kicked in the face, but I feel terrible knowing that Derek and I didn't match any of our vows. The next lucky bride is Cheyenne. The top bride gets to pick plastic surgery off of her wish list. Like I totally look at Cheyenne and I see her and I'm just like, why are you here? You look like those girls in the magazines, like come on. I promise to be faithful and honest. I will stand by your side through thick and thin and this includes attending all those grueling wrestling matches to watch you coach. I promise to scratch your back at night before you sleep. I promise to help out more around the house. And last, I promise to be a good wife and a good mother. You're my best friend and I love you. I will forever. Well, heck I wanna marry you. Okay, let's look at your matches. I want Cheyenne to vow to me to continue, to understand, and support me during wrestling season. That is a match. I want Cheyenne to always remember to put her clothes in the laundry basket. That she'll continue to love my family as much as she does right now. That she'll be just as good of a mother to our kids as she is to our dog MacKenzie. That she will always love me as much as she does right now. Cheyenne, you have a total of four points. That's our highest score so far. She matched four out of five vows, so I'm immediately, I'm immediately worried. Allyson. I'm extremely nervous about my vows, but we have both been laid off so us being around each other all the time, we know each other so well at this point. So I'm still holding onto every little last hope. I like to refer to you as the bad luck guy sometimes, but I think that maybe that might hurt you. So I promise to not rub our bad luck into your face. And I promise to accept your chosen status as an avid cubs fan, even though I am a die-hard sox fan. I promise to accept your choice of music. I also promise to accept your horrible fashion sense. Okay, Allyson, let's look at your matches. I'm just praying that John's answers match mine. I want Allyson to vow for me to stop being stubborn when I do things wrong. I want Allyson to stay positive even during bad times. I want Allyson to shop a little quicker at the store. To let me win an argument every now and then. Allyson, let's look at your final vow. Okay, he has to mention something about the cubs and the white sox. I want Allyson to massage my feet. Ew! Allyson, that gives you a total of one point. Our bachelor and bachelorette parties was based on the cubs, sox and to hear feet, maybe we're just not in touch with each other as I really thought. Alexandra. I promise to allow you to be a giants fan. And it's giants Sunday at our household. I want Melissa to be a loving wife and to make me always want to come home to her. Yes! I want netty to vow to me that she will always make me chocolate chip cookies. Yay! I want jaimie to vow to be nicer to me. I want Dominique to vow to me to not freak out if I lose a lot of money at the casino. I also promise to maintain our house. I want jenessa to learn how to use the vacuum cleaner. So you have a total of three points. Cheyenne is still in the lead. I am ready to just kick some bride butt and win this whole - thing. - Okay, next bride up. My vows did not sound anything like these girls'. Match, match, match. These girls are just nailing these. Allyson, are you okay, sweetie? Take a deep breath. She is so annoying right now. This whole like, oh, well, oh, yeah. Like Allyson does nothing for this house except bring people down. Okay, Jessica, please read your vows. I promise to always give you the scratch tickle that you love and you can count on me to put the cap back on the toothpaste so that it doesn't get the crusty stuff you hate. And last but not least I promise to always be your bowling partner forever and ever. Now we're gonna see how well you matched with your fiance Brandon. I'm so excited because my fiance and I always play the newlywed game, and we're so good at it and we always win. This is gonna be a breeze. I want Jessica to vow to me that she'll always give me the remote control whenever we're watching TV together. It's okay, the next one. He'll get the next one. I want Jessica to never make me sell my firebird. Of course I wouldn't make him sell his car. I want Jessica to never throw away my blanky. You have one more chance. I can't believe the things that he's saying right now. I want Jessica to vow to me that I'm the greatest hockey player alive. I'm sorry, Jessica, but you did not get any points. Right now, Cheyenne is in the lead with four points and the girls with the lowest scores are Allyson, Lisa Marie, and Jessica. Next up is Kristen. I'm pretty confident I know that at this point I'm not gonna be in the bottom three. But Kristen is a strong competitor. She'll probably do well in this challenge. I promise to have good breath. I also promise to live with your OCD craziness by keeping the toilet paper upright, by keeping the shower curtain closed. Oh, and to eat with my mouth shut. I know that annoys you, too. Lastly, I promise to make love to you at least six days a week. That's the truth, okay. I just don't think you should talk about sex in your wedding vows. It's not classy. You keep that vow to six days a week, you are wonder freakin' woman, girl. Okay? You don't know his drive. Well, let's see how you do on the matches. I got four points and I'm pretty confident, but at this point I don't know if Kristen is gonna get a higher score. I do not have this in the bag yet. I want Kristen to vow to always have sexual intercourse with me whenever I want to. Oh, my god. Well, Kristen you do know your man and that is clearly a match. I want Kristen to vow to always help keep the house clean. I want Kristen to vow to me to not fart and burp so much. First of all, natural occurrence. If I hold it in, I could explode. I'm so nervous, it kills me. I really wanna win this challenge so much. More than anyone. At this point, I'm really hoping that Kristen up. I really want my nose done. Coming up... You are our top bride. You'll be leaving for your plastic surgery immediately. Let's go do this. If she doesn't love this, I'd be very surprised. Well, Kristen, you have three points so far. To be top bride, you must beat Cheyenne's score of four. So the next two vows must be matches. I just need two more to be the top bride. Please god, please. I want Kristen to try to look more at the positive of a situation rather than the negative. I knew it, you ass. Well, I'm not gonna beat Cheyenne, but I could still tie if the next vow's a match. I want Kristen to vow to me to always make me smile and laugh when I come home stressed out from work and school. That's very sweet, but that's not a match. So Cheyenne, that means with a total of four points, you are our top bride. Oh, my god. Oh, my god. I'm so excited that I won the challenge because I've been wanting to get my nose done forever. I'm gonna get the nose I always wanted. I'm so excited. Oh, my gosh, I'm so excited. That could've been me. That could have been my wish list that I was choosing from and being so close, it's a mind screw. It really messes with you. Now I have to announce our three bottom brides. Lisa Marie with zero points, Jessica also with zero points, and Allyson with one point. You three are the bottom brides. So you are all at risk of being sent home. Ladies, you all have a very tough decision to make. Over the next day, you have to decide which one of the bottom brides you want to stay in the house. I'm in the bottom three and I don't know what to do. I don't know who's gonna vote for me, and all I can do is just turn to prayer. I will be giving each of you an rsvp card. When you make your decision, you will write down the bride's name that you wanna keep in the house on the rsvp card. And you will put it in that box prior to the rsvp ceremony. This is in our hands? It changes the whole game. Who's gonna start calling people out? Who's gonna start playing mind games with each other? Cheyenne, because you are the top bride, you will not be submitting an rsvp card and you will be leaving for your plastic surgery immediately. Oh, my god. It also means that you are safe this week from leaving the house and next week as well. Get going. You need to go pack your bags. I have to go right now and get my nose done and I'm just like oh, my god, like I'm so scared. Bottom brides, one of you will be going home tomorrow night. Good luck to all of you. It's so frustrating but um, I was lucky and I just, um, I had another one now on the other side that they had to extract. I said to the doctor, "you know, I am not working with much left here, so if you're gonna start taking more out, you need to put something in." Unfortunately, they don't do that. It really warms my heart to see like people who survived any type of cancer period. I just don't feel like it would be fair for them to send me home. Because I don't think they understand the severity of how deformed I feel. Well, if anybody, if anybody deserves the triple whammy, like you have it. Like you have the financial situation, the body situation, the wedding situation. And for me, it's like... We all have problems, but some of us, it's a little bit more severe. Allyson constantly being beaten down by bad luck. Like one after another after another. My bill for having my son was like $175,000. Oh, my god. Because it was an emergency C-section. When it comes down to it, I think I will be voting for Allyson. Just to let her know that there is hope. I feel for you. It just goes to prove that you don't know anybody until you know what they've been through, until you've walked a mile in their shoes. I'm not the only one out there. I don't want you to go home. I don't think you deserve to go home. Cheyenne. Hi, Dr. dubrow. How are you? Good, how are you? Good. Are you nervous? Yes. Yeah, me too. Funny. Just kidding. You know, your face is so fantastic and you're really so pretty. This is sort of one thing that's detracting a little bit. So you've got this scar that goes from here to here. That is from when I was attacked by a dog. In addition, your nose is crooked, isn't it? Mm-hmm. I've never liked my nose. I have a scar on my nose that I hate, and I want it off. Come the wedding day, it just would make it that much better and I'd be a whole new me on top of the fact that I haven't seen him in four months. So we're gonna go in there and have it match the rest of the beauty of your face. All right? Knuckles. Here comes that reward, okay? Oh, boy. Do you feel it? Whoo! Let's do it. Bye, guys. We say, "see you later." Yes, that's what we say. If I didn't get one single vote, I would be devastated. It's elimination day and there's three bottom brides. It's between Allyson, Lisa Marie, and Jessica and one of those three are going home. So we are gonna vote for who we would most like to stay in the house. So say you were in the bottom two. Do you think Allyson would vote for you? 'Cause I can tell you Lisa Marie would probably vote for you. Definitely, she would vote for all of us. At the end of the day, like who are we here for? That's a very good point. Exactly. I think Lisa Marie should stay because she's a loyal person. She definitely is less competition than Jessica or Allyson, and if I stood up for her, she would do the same for me. Like I can tell you, like if you were up there against like somebody on this side of the house, I would vote for you. Likewise, totally. Definitely the objective is to stay in the game as long as possible. So you're gonna get that with votes. If you fail to plan, you plan to fail. Coming up... Oh! Oh, my god. God, I was so close to that. I wanna be in that room. I wanna be recovering. You deserve this so much. But at the same time, you're fierce competition. I'm encouraging them to vote with their heart, not their head. The person I chose tonight I feel deserves a second chance. Her nose is really crooked. That's why she's here. Cheyenne has a really twisted septum and there's actually quite a bit of scar tissue. Because of this scar tissue in here you gotta be really careful not to tear through anything. We are gonna take a piece of her septum that was once warped and now we are putting it in our little straightener smasher device which weakens it up, allowing us to straighten it a little bit. I'm placing the cartilage in place between the lower portion of her tip cartilages to make it symmetrical. Wow, that looks good. If she doesn't love this, I'd be very surprised. Cheyenne, you're all done. You did wonderful, okay? You're going to the recovery room. I wish my mom was here. It went great. I can tell you that. We're gonna keep ice on you to minimize it. Does it look good? Oh, you know how I know it looks good? I'd still be in there if it didn't. Okay. Honestly, it looked really good. I was pleased with what I did. Thank you so much. You're welcome. You're welcome. Jenessa and I were talking, and she's like, me, Dominique, and Melissa really want you to stay. And I was just really surprised. I'm shocked because I wouldn't believe, like in my mind, like I always thought like no one would like me. Lisa Marie isn't that strong of a competitor, so I feel if we can keep her, then eliminate her when it's strategically best. That's my plan. I'm so happy. I guess my story touched them. But you never know. At the last moment, they could change their minds. The thing with Allyson is that she's very pessimistic right now and down on life. We all have negative situations. It's about how are we gonna make it better? I wonder about how people are gonna look at that. Yeah, I had the same feeling and I was like, Allyson, if you don't get out of this dump, like no one's gonna feel bad. I think some of the girls are really disappointed in Allyson's negativity. Which kind of bums me out because I think if Allyson actually stayed here, it would really help her. Like when I was 300-something pounds, I was just like oh, my gosh, this sucks. I did something about it. I want her to do something about it. I want her to fight harder. I felt for a second like people didn't wanna be around me. Like I immediately sensed that and I'm like... I'm not going to lie, after this morning when I was like, really? I don't know if I can take another moment of like... Allyson's complaining all the time makes me just wanna talk to her and tell her how I'm feeling. That way I don't get pushed to being annoyed. I wanna know more about you, not just all these negative things, 'cause if you're gonna be down, I'm gonna not put myself like in that situation with you. I'm so sorry for that. Don't be sorry, I understand that you're gonna have that... Like have those moments, but don't be like the downwards, like, poor me, 'cause everybody in the house is gonna feel like, well, we all are like, poor me. That's exactly what I didn't want. I just keep seeing the negative. It keeps getting worse and worse. It needs to turn around and it needs to stop, because yeah, there is a very good chance that I'm going home. - That just kills. - Coming up... Oh! Yes! Oh, my god. I wanna be in that room. Do you think you could show me your breast scars? I'm definitely considering changing my vote because it's the right thing to do. Melissa better not change her vote. That was not part of the plan. Forming the alliance just made sense because the objective is to stay in the game as long as possible. You appeal to a basic human emotion of selfishness. I can help you get what you want, you help me get me what I want, and in the end, we're all gonna win. Hi, Cheyenne. I'm Christine. I'm gonna be the nurse taking care of you today, okay? Walk up the stairs. Oh! Yes! Oh, my god. You look so happy. Seeing her come back, it just makes it so real that this could actually happen, I am fiercely determined to win. I'm so happy for you, oh, my god. She's already gorgeous, and I'm sure doing the nose job is really gonna make her feel good about herself. I just hope that one day I can do the same. It's bittersweet to see Cheyenne because you feel really happy for her, but at the same time I feel like, god, I was so close to that. I wanna be in that room. I wanna be recovering. Are you feeling okay? I have a really bad headache, but other than that, I'm okay. That's just what happens with the anesthesia. Listen, I wish I could vote. I know they were trying to say as like a happy thing, like "oh, you don't have to." But I want to. I don't want Jessica going home. Really? I don't. Cheyenne shares with me that she wants Jessica to stay. I wanna give Cheyenne her wish, but at this point, I'm not sure what I'm going to do. Do you show your fiance like your scars and stuff, or do you like let him touch your breasts? Well, they don't feel pretty. Do you think you could show me your breast scars? I can maybe show you a little. I think it's important for you to see it. And maybe important for you to see it in order to know like what you're gonna do. If this is like the little edge that she needs to push her over the edge as far as whose name to write down on that card, and I don't have enough like strength to show her that, then maybe I deserve to go home. Right there. Knowing that it hurts her so much is heartbreaking. I'm sorry for putting you through that with me. After going through that with Jessica, it definitely makes this decision a lot harder. And the only other pair they had was like an off like... hey. What is going on? I feel like. Why? I'm definitely considering changing my vote because it's the right thing to do. I know like what I'm supposed to do and how like she showed me. Melissa's a little naive. Like she's not the best strategizer. She needs to suck it up a little. I see like the pain in her face, and like I see when she talks about it. Oh, my gosh. No, you can't switch your vote. Melissa better not change her vote. That was not part of the plan. Ladies! Well, ladies, unfortunately it is time for you to cast your rsvp vote. The bottom brides, if you could please come with me, that would be Jessica, Lisa Marie, and Allyson. Being in the bottom three sucks, but I have a relationship with these girls now. I'm encouraging them to vote with their heart, not their head. These are our things. I'm struggling with being that competitive person and wanting to stay in the house the longest and doing what's morally right. I think this choice is really hard. I really don't want to choose. But when it comes down to it, we have to choose. Coming up... The time has come to reveal your rsvps and see which bride will be going home. You really brighten up every day here. You have to promise this house you are gonna become positive. I promise the negativity is gone. Oh, my gosh, I knew it. They switched their votes. Now I'm in the bottom three with Lisa and Jessica. I was approached by a couple different girls that weren't feeling me anymore. They kind of felt I was Debbie downer. One of us are going home tonight. I just hope it's not me. This is hard, to be in this position. I'm just hoping that all these girls have faith in me and make the right choice. Hello, ladies, and welcome to your first "bridalplasty" rsvp ceremony. I gave each of you an rsvp card. I asked you to write the name of the bride you would most like to see stay in the house. One by one, I will call you forward and you will take a seat at the bride's table that you would most like to see stay. Cheyenne, sit tight because you won't have to vote tonight unless it comes down to a tie. The time has come to reveal your rsvps and see which bride will be going home. Ladies, let's get down to business. Netty, please come forward and reveal which bottom bride you have rsvped for. Lisa Marie, I see so much potential. I'm just not sure that you do. Allyson, I feel like you let negativity get in the way of what could be a happy situation. And Jess. You deserve this so much, but at the same time, you're fierce competition. But I have to be honest. - I love the challenge. - I'm so proud of her. Way to go, girl, because that's what we're here for, a competition. Jenessa. Girls, this is such a hard decision. I think all of you can really take a positive away from this experience. Lisa Marie, we have a really special connection and I'm always gonna be a cheerleader for you. I know that Lisa Marie is gonna be loyal, so I just had to remind myself to think with my head and not with my heart. I really don't know if my chances of staying in this house are over yet or not. First two girls... and I have no one at my table. Alexandra. Jessica, I adore you. You're truly optimistic. You're beautiful inside and out. But the person I chose tonight, I feel deserves a second chance, and I believe that this person will go far if they just believe in themselves. So that's why, Allyson, I'll be attending your wedding. Melissa, please step forward. Melissa asked to see my scars, so I think she understands the severity of how it affects me. I feel that Melissa is very black and white. She's gonna sit next to me. Jessica. It is definitely hard. The moment I shared with her makes me want to help her so badly. I just don't want to regret this decision. I know that we shared a moment. You really brighten up every day here with your uniqueness. Oh, my gosh, I knew it. As much as I love you and want you to be here, you are definitely my biggest competitor. I'm sorry. Lisa Marie, you now have two brides at your table. I really don't think that my chances are very good. I just want to be able to have a second chance and be able to show people who I really am. I really don't think that my chances are very good. Jessica's pretty well liked in the house, and I'm now known as Debbie downer, so why would they keep me around? Dominique, can you please step forward and reveal who you'd like to stay? You three have made this more difficult than I ever imagined. So the person I chose was the person I felt that I truly connected with the most. Lisa Marie. Holy cow. What? It's amazing. I feel like my table should be full and there should be people standing behind me. Lisa Marie, with three brides at your table, you are safe from being sent home. I'm feeling happy that jenessa, Melissa, and Dominique went with their word, but I feel terrible because here's Jessica and here's Allyson, and both of them are in jeopardy of leaving. It definitely feels good having an alliance because I'm happy to see all these girls following me like little puppy dogs. Jessica, Allyson, you each have one bride at your table. Jaimie, please step forward and reveal who you'd like to rsvp for. This decision was really hard, you guys. Allyson, you can be negative, and I feel you should maybe look on the brighter side. Jessica, I feel not only that I've gotten to know you, but I also feel as though maybe you're like my long-lost sister, so please forgive me when I make my choice. Jaimie had vocalized so much how annoyed she was with Allyson. I am a pretty bad judge of character. Lisa Marie, you have three brides at your table. Allyson, you have two brides at your table, and Jessica, you have one bride at your table. I want Jessica to stay in the house because there's a lot of selfish people in this world and Jessica is not one of them, and to me that's someone I would want by my side in the house. Kristen, you're our last bride to rsvp. If you rsvp for anyone besides Jessica, Jessica will be going home. If you pick Jessica, there will be a tie, and then Cheyenne will have to rsvp to break it. I'm really, really hoping Kristen sits next to me and causes a tie. Cheyenne will have to pick, and then I'll be okay. It comes down to me. Of course it would come down to me. It feels horrible to have to tell somebody that I'm sorry, but I'm not voting for you. This is crazy. Allyson, no matter what decision I make tonight, you have to promise me and you have to promise this house and the two girls that sat next to you, that you are gonna become positive. I promise the negativity is gone. I love you, I really do. I think your personality is so beautiful and you're probably tired of hearing that, so. This was so hard, but this is a game and someone's gonna go home whether we like it or not. These decision are never gonna be easy. Well, Jessica, unfortunately your time here at "bridalplasty" and your quest to be the perfect bride is over. Your wedding will go on. It just may not be perfect. Your wedding will be perfect. Thank you. It was that close to being me. That close. And I really have to get on my game and get a positive outlook and a positive face to go along - with it. - They just looked at me as a threat. If they'd voted with their heart, I'd still be up there. I still get to go home and marry the man of my dreams. I may not look perfect, but if you get to marry the person that you're meant to spend the rest of your life with, it's gonna be perfect. Congratulations. You have made it one step closer to becoming the perfect bride and having the wedding of your dreams. I will see you all tomorrow. - Next time on "bridalplasty"... - Hey, Dr. dubrow. Hey. I'm like so confident that I'm gonna love my nose. Oh, it's gonna be good. I'm over this. You think I wanna deal with fake bitches, jaimie? No, I don't. Threat in this house. I don't wanna play some fake-ass game. I'm just gonna leave. Seriously, like this. You have a half hour to pick which style dress is best for you. Hi, my name is Allyson, and I have absolutely no fashion sense. As our top bride, you're leaving for your plastic surgery right now. Ready? That's really, really pretty. She is swallowing these up. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 