Bridalplasty: Season 1, Episode 4 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Bridalplasty 
 s1e4 - Episode #1.4 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Bridalplasty (2010–…): Season 1, Episode 4 - Episode #1.4 - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Previously on "bridalplasty"... I am like so confident that I'm gonna love my nose. Oh, it's gonna be good. It's gonna be so good. I'm gonna give her a seven. That made my self-esteem skyrocket. I just have one question. Is your mother gonna cry when she sees those tattoos in that pretty dress at your wedding? This is just embarrassing. Kristen, with the highest score, you are the top bride! It feels amazing to finally win a challenge and my boobs! Kristen wasn't sure exactly what size implants she wanted, so we're gonna try them on. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 She is swallowing these up. Unfortunately, Alexandra, Dominique and jaimie, you are our three bottom brides. But are you looking at it from like a competition standpoint? I'm trying to. This is very hard for me. I'm so sorry. I know that I convinced Allyson to vote for Alexandra. I'm really the puppet master. Jaimie, your time here at jaimie, your time here at "bridalplasty" is now over. I'm so sorry. I had to call my fiance and let him know that he didn't have to rush home and pick me up. It's okay. I'm really glad you're still here. I don't know. This is like way too much for me. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 I'm just so happy just to honestly still be here. You know, honestly I'm just like whatever. What made me mad was all four same girls were the other girls that voted for all same time last time. Lisa Marie, with three brides at your table, you are safe from being sent home. Dominique, with three guests at your table, you are still in the running to become the perfect bride. That is how they're gonna vote. They have formed a clique together. Jenessa, Lisa Marie, Melissa, and Dominique all have an alliance, so it's important that the rest of us stick together. Jenessa's not stupid. Jenessa is a smart pageant type of girl. It's like she's got this game plan in her head. She does. And it's like slowly unfolding the way she wants it to. Mm-hmm. Jenessa and Melissa are the two I'm most afraid of. We need to get rid of them. I will be damned if either one of those women win this title. Hey, guys. Hi. How are you? Good, how are you? So last week I was top bride and I got my new boobs! And Dr. dubrow is gonna come check up on me and show me how they look. Okay, I'm just gonna take a quick look, okay? Sounds good. So you're having some sharp pain on the right, right? Okay. The gurgling. Yeah, the gurgling. I should've warned you about that. Okay, well, they're perfect. Everything you do is perfect. My breasts look perfect. This couldn't be better news to me. At least if I go home, I'm gonna - go home with perfect breasts. - You're recovering nicely. It's not gonna hurt, right? I know you said it wouldn't. Part of this will be a little uncomfortable. Oh, see? Like you lied. Dr. dubrow is taking the cast off my nose and taking the splints out from the inside - of my nose. - So I'm gonna take out these internal splints on you. Look, it's out. Ew, no way. That was not in my nose! That's gnarly. Oh, my god. It's the worst part of the entire thing. It looks really good. It looks good? It looks frickin' good. Oh, it's so good. I'm wishing I had a mirror to quick look before he tapes it down, but I don't. I wanted to see what it looked like. You're taped up stably. It is time for you to join everyone. Your roommate is discharged. I like recovery and I don't know what the next competition will entail so I'm definitely nervous at this point. Here I'll show you, look. I'm like dying here. Oh, my god. Really, and yours are ds? Wow. Hers are beautiful, though. She's totally bigger than I am now. No, she is. Like totally. We'll have a booby pageant? Yeah. You know what I like about yours, though, is they're shaped perfectly, which is what I'm waiting for. Well, so are yours. Oh, yay boobs. I'm a little jealous. Ladies. There's a package in the kitchen. I wanna see it. I walk into the kitchen and I see a cake box. I am so excited, I'm like is this the next challenge? Are we gonna be decorating cakes? Like what is going on? It's a cake and there's a note. And it's a real cake, of course. Oh, hells yes. I don't think that that's sugar free. I mean, just because I'm a diabetic doesn't mean that I'm immune to sugar. I still crave it. I still want it. "Ladies, get ready for the tastiest part of planning your wedding. I'll see you shortly at the showroom of L.A.'s premier cake designer." Ooh! So we pull up to Hansen's cakes. This is celebrity fine quality cakes, and they can really help me figure out what the hell kind of cake I can have for my wedding. This is getting better and better. Dress, like ring, now cake. Like now we're getting into the good stuff. Hello, ladies, and welcome to the famous Hansen's cake shop. I'd like to introduce you to a good friend of mine, Patrick - Hansen. - Hello. Patrick is a seventh generation cake maker. From Frank Sinatra to Tori spelling, Patrick and his family have been making cakes for tons of celebrities. Wow, a celebrity wedding? That's what I'm here for. The flowers, the dress, and, of course, the cake. Today we're gonna taste the difference between a low- quality cake and a Hansen's cake. Let's start by trying the cake on the left. I'll grab this one. I don't even wanna finish that, sorry. It was awful. Okay, ladies, try the cake on your right. - >> Oh, my god. - Could you tell the difference? Yes. You could tell by looking at it. It just looks moist. Oh, my god, Hansen's cakes, nothing like I've ever tasted ever before. Why don't we take a look around this gorgeous showroom and look through some of the albums? So you said you don't do fondant very much but the buttercream can look like fondant? Yes. I'd actually prefer buttercream taste. Yes, that's what we're famous for. Okay, that would be perfect for me. I want something to be chic and elegant, but something that people will remember. And I feel like Hansen's is the perfect place to help me do that. This is a beautiful cake. Oh, it's like a Tiffany box. I'm kind of digging this. We add pearls all the time. Yes, I'd love that. Love that, love that. She likes pearls. I love pearls. My engagement ring is pearl. Okay, ladies, are you ready for the fun part? Yes. Well, these miniature wedding cakes are tokens for you to put in your bridal closets, and remember, the perfect bride will have her perfect wedding cake provided by Hansen's. Thank you. The cakes at the shop are freaking ridiculous. This guy can do anything with cake, it's incredible. Patrick, thank you so much for having us today. Ladies, I hope your taste buds were paying attention because when I see you back at the house it will be time for your next challenge. With every great thing that's brought up to us, there is a challenge to follow. Boo. Come on in, ladies. You can take a seat right here. Obviously whatever the challenge is, I'm trying my hardest not to be a bottom bride. It's now time for your next "bridalplasty" challenge. Kristen, you will not be competing in this challenge because you are still on medical leave. Besides the ceremony, the other crucial part of your wedding will be the reception. You want the dinner to be memorable and tasteful, and that's what this challenge is all about. We will be playing five rounds. For each course I will give you two items, one marked white, the other black. One of them will be of the highest quality while the other is completely bottom of the barrel. Pick the one you think is a finer quality. At the end of the challenge, the bride with the highest point total will become our top bride. And of course, the brides with the three lowest scores will become our bottom brides and be at risk of going home. Okay, ladies, are you ready to test your taste buds? Food? Food? Please place your napkins on your lap. Fat girl gotta eat. Uh-huh, I'm looking for the food. On your lap. The complement to all great wedding toasts is champagne, and one of the glasses in front of you is a pour from a $499 bottle. And the other is $3.78. Black or white? You choose. I am accustomed to the generic version of things and the discount store things. Fine champagne? Mm-hmm. I feel that I've been exposed to a lot of higher quality items. Obviously, you know, I live close to New York so I go to new York all the time, where some of the other girls are just not classy. I had champagne four times in my entire life. Great. Please push forward the finer choice. The finer selection is the glass marked white. I just got this one right, I am so excited. Top bride is definitely looking like it's in my reach this week. Jenessa, Dominique, Cheyenne, and Alexandra, you have one point. Let's go to the next course. On one of the crackers is pate de foie gras. On the other cracker is your common deli liverwurst made from factory-raised pig liver. Cheyenne, are you okay, sweetie? I can't really smell, so I can't taste a lot so I'm just worried. Okay, well just try to do the best you can, okay? I'll be okay. Everyone else can taste better than I can, and even if I can like beat out like two of the girls, there's no way I'm gonna beat out like three of them and just be safe. You never know what can happen. It's a 50/50 shot. I won't know the difference. Coming up... Is a delicacy made of fatty duck liver. Okay, maybe I can do this off of like my other however many senses you have. And later... That is correct, you are our top bride! You will be leaving right now. Go ahead and get this done. God, look at the bleeding. Heal quickly. I can't really smell. So I'm just worried. Try to do the best you can, okay? You never know what can happen. Okay. Is a delicacy made of fatty duck liver... While on the other cracker is your common deli liverwurst made from factory-raised pig liver. Please taste the two different pates. Please place the finer choice in front of you. The finer selection is the black plate. So at this point I'm pretty much assuring myself that I'm - going to be a bottom bride. - So jenessa, Lisa Marie, Dominique, Cheyenne, and Alexandra, you are all correct. I'm so happy at this point. I'm like, okay, maybe I can do this off of like my other however many senses you have. Netty, Allyson, and Melissa, you are currently our three bottom brides. But we have a few more rounds, so let's go to the next course. I mean, I only have three chances left. If I don't get any right then I'm s-o-l. I'm gonna be a bottom bride and - I can't have that happen. - The next round will be wine. One of the classes contains a poured red wine from the Bordeaux region of southwest France. It's $350 per bottle. The wine is famous for its earthy undertones. The other is a $4 jug wine that we put some dirt in. Dirt in? Cheers! Okay, the pressure is on because I do not want to look like I don't have any class. Please push forward your finer choice. Jenessa and netty, you are the only two that chose white. And you chose... The dirt wine. No way. I'm excited. I got one right and it was booze. I just wanted to like smack my head against the table. Like honestly, out of all these girls, I get the wine wrong? Nice. Ladies, as we stand right now we have a tie at the top between Alexandra, Cheyenne, and Dominique. I'm like competing for the top? Oh, wow, this really might happen. I could just bang them all out. Might as well. Let's go to the next course. I know that I, if I miss four and five I could be one of the bottom brides. On one of the crackers, ladies, is Alaskan king crab. On the other is imitation krab spelled with a "k." You may taste your crackers. If I don't get this one right I'm almost guaranteed to be a bottom bride. Please push forward the finer plate. The black plate is correct. Netty's not getting any right. I'm like, wow. She has no taste and no class. Netty, Lisa Marie, and Melissa, it was incorrect. Lisa Marie and Melissa just cannot be in the bottom because then half of my alliance is in the bottom brides, which means one out of three of them is going home. Time for the fifth course. This is the last choice. If I get this right and Cheyenne and Dominique do not, that means I will be top bride. I will be walking into Dr. dubrow's office tomorrow. So going into the fifth round I know I have to nail this one and hopefully avoid being a bottom bride. Beef. One of the patties is made from 100% Japanese kobe beef. It retails for about $100 per pound. The cattles used to produce this beef is fed one beer a day. It's massaged weekly with sake. The other meat is discount store bought Chuck which we got on clearance for $1.87, marked down from $2.25. Remember, Cheyenne, Dominique, and Alexandra are tied for top bride and this is the last course. This beef is nothing like I've ever tasted before. It literally melts in your mouth. Allyson, uh, would you like some ketchup? Please put forward the finer choice. Cheyenne and Lisa Marie, you both chose the black plate and you both got it wrong. After the initial five rounds we have a tie for the two top brides. Dominique and Alexandra. I'm so disappointed that I'm out for top bride. If I had just pushed forward the white one like I could've had another surgery. We also currently have three bottom brides. Lisa Marie, netty, and Melissa. The worst thing that could've possibly happened, happened. We have one member of the bond who might be out from the vote, and we have two that are bottom brides. So it's gonna come down to me and Lisa Marie, and I doubt we can save the both of us. We're gonna have a top bride showdown to determine which one of you will be the top bride. The rest of you can get up and sit down next to Kristen, please. This is really bad. I don't know exactly how I'm gonna pull this off. I don't know how I'm gonna keep both Lisa Marie and Melissa in the house. Top bride doesn't get a vote at the rsvp ceremony. So I'm just hoping that Dominique loses the top bride because we really need her vote. In front of you there are five pieces of cake. One of them is Hansen's cake. It is one of the finest custom- made wedding cakes available. One of the cakes is from your common grocery store. One of them is a homemade box cake mix made by our craft service lady. One of them is a cake made by a 7-year-old child. And lastly, one of the cakes is a bulk store cake that we left out for the last couple days. The first one of you to correctly arrange your cakes will become our top bride, and of course, you will have the opportunity to get one of your plastic surgeries from your wish list. I'm feeling great. If I win I really, really want my tummy tuck. But no matter what, it looks like jenessa's alliance is in big trouble. I'm this close to being the top bride and finally getting the nose job that I've been dreaming of for forever. Go! Done. Alexandra, I'm sorry, that's incorrect.. Done. Dominique, that is correct! You are our top bride! Congratulations, girl. Thank you. That was straight bull crap. I didn't get my tummy tuck but I know that my chances are gonna be coming around soon. Congratulations, Dominique! I'm like Dominique, seriously? Like did you not think about this at all? Like we need your vote, like we can't, we can't lose this. Thank you so much! You are our top bride! Thank you. Oh, my god, I'm like shaking. I can't, I can't believe it. This means that you are safe not only this week but next week as well, and you will have the opportunity to choose one of the plastic surgeries off your wish list. Congratulations. Thank you so much. As our top bride, you will be leaving right now. So you can go to the house and pack an overnight bag. Jenessa and her alliance are sneaky and they need to be taken down. The rest of you, you all have a very important decision to make because you will be deciding which one of the bottom brides will be sent home, Lisa Marie, netty, or Melissa. I'm happy to not be in the bottom. Right? Melissa and I, we're not close. Since day one she has been stuck to jenessa's side like glue. I mean, Melissa hasn't even come to visit me in the recovery room so it's not like I really owe her my vote. So if we could just split up our votes for Lisa Marie and netty, Melissa's ass is out of here. Oh, right on. I know. This is such a frustrating situation. Half of my alliance is in the bottom. I don't know how I'm gonna keep both Lisa Marie and Melissa in the house. Somehow we're gonna have to get more votes. My one vote is not enough to save them. Coming up... You guys, Dominique is here! Dominique looks a hot mess. Beauty hurts, let's face it. And later... I'm not confident that I can sway other girls' votes, but I wanna do everything I can. I will give you my word that if it's you and Melissa in the bottom next week, I will vote for you. Dominique. Hi, how are you? Good. It's good to see you. Good to see you again. There's really only one very important thing that I wanna get done and that's fixing my nose. Let's have a look. Okay. I'm really excited to do this because you have a really nice facial shape, very cute, and this is sort of the one thing that doesn't really belong here. I agree. Also, I think your nose is a little bit wide and we're really just going to file this down and reduce it a bit. I'm excited for Kevin to see. I mean, I feel like it's a big part of changing what I look like and I'm really just on my way to having my dream wedding and being that perfect bride. And so we're gonna make minor changes to a lot of the nose, which will make a major change to your overall nose, okay? Right. We'll go ahead and get this done, yes? Okay! Thank you so much, doctor. You're so welcome. It's gonna be fun. Okay. Take a big deep breath for me, okay? See you in a couple minutes. We'll take good care of you. We're actually gonna place a piece of the septum into the tip to stabilize it when we narrow and refine the tip. Heidi, we are gonna break this nose. Tap tap. Try to get a very controlled break on this. No, come on, tap it. Okay, okay. God, look at the bleeding. Now we're gonna put these splints that Cheyenne loved when I took out. We've got it looking really good so we're gonna close the incision. Okay, Dominique, heal. This, we killed it. We so killed it. That was awesome. How are you feeling today? It's like tight but good. How are you feeling? Nervous. Yesterday I was like, you know, I was trying to like hold my composure. Like I talked to Alexandra, and our goal is to have you and netty stay. It's such a relief knowing that Kristen and Alexandra want me to stay. But jenessa, Melissa, and Dominique, we have an alliance going on and now one of us may go home. This is not looking good. Personally, like I have nothing against Melissa but I haven't seen her once. Like I don't even have a relationship with her. She doesn't make a point to and you do. Like you're such a good person and like I feel like you deserve it. I really think Lisa Marie is a total sweetheart. She's just been brainwashed by that stupid alliance. I can't speak for everyone but I can at least speak for myself and Alexandra. We don't have any plans for sending you home. Yeah. Huh? Yeah. And? What about them? Yeah. I'm not confident that I can sway other girls votes but I wanna do everything I can to try and keep Melissa in the house. So I just, like I wanted to talk to you about a few things. I was just like wanted to talk to people that were voting and like see like what do you think is important? It's kind of difficult because I'm getting to know Lisa Marie a lot. She will give you the shirt off her back. She really would, yeah. And it's just like I see that and then netty I'm just starting to get to talk to but, you know, I haven't gotten to know Melissa at all. I was stuck in that room and I didn't see her once. She, yeah, it's really hard for her to like open up to people and like I feel like it's, you know... in this situation like I feel that, you know, they're serving our country and it's like, it's sad that they feel that they have to hold everything inside. Jenessa's grasping at straws to keep Melissa here. She deserves my vote because she's an army wife? You guys, Dominique is here! Oh, my god. Hi. How do you feel? Oh, Dominique looks a hot mess. Like, but she's like the third one now who has gotten a plastic surgery and it just makes it all that much more real that, you know, I could be in that recovery room next. Are you okay? Yeah, I'm not so bad right now. You seem really stuffy. Eh. Just, um. Yay. Hi. I'm gonna give her some water, you guys. Go for it. How are you doing? Melissa hasn't visited me once, not once, and here she is to visit Dominique in the recovery room. We're so glad you're back. My decision has been made and it was just proven, too. I will be damned, mark my words, if Melissa or jenessa does win something like this because I do feel like they've been the most manipulative and most untrustworthy so far. Coming up... So let me just put this another way to you. I will give you my word that if it's you and Melissa in the bottom next week, I will vote for you. It's the moment of truth. Either she accepts my offer or Melissa goes home. Alexandra, please reveal your rsvp. What the? Just because I went in there to see Dominique? And you never came in to see her. Kristen's definitely a drama starter and I really need to explain to Melissa that it's crucial to stay out of the recovery room. But how can I not go and see Dominique? Well, I just might. If it was me, I would not go in there. This is not looking good. Melissa needs one more vote besides mine to be safe, but it might be up to me to get that one vote for her. See, that is immature. You know what? I visit Dominique because she's part of the bond, you know? Like what the hell would me and Kristen talk about? That little hippo. Yep, there is. We're really getting down to the nitty-gritty of this whole competition, aren't we? The question is, who are you gonna vote for... Everyone's pretty much in "agreeance" that we want Lisa Marie to stay because she is very caring. And so I feel like, in that sense, she needs to be here. Like the same way people gave you a second chance, like she needs to be here to like know that it's okay to be herself. She was given a second chance. I am feeling nervous for Melissa, but I'm really hoping that at least one of them will give Melissa a chance. Do you notice the difference between last week and this week? Oh, she starts to realize. Your reign is falling bitch. Jenessa, you know how she like... You know what I'm saying? Please, and she's like I don't understand why you guys want to keep netty here. Bitch, come tell me to my face who the. Oh, see now. I've never met anybody as like snake-like as jenessa. She has a dirty soul. Dirty bitch. How do you think she got her man - to propose? - Force his ass into it. I think you need to go talk to people and let them get to know you. Like who? Everybody knows me. You need to let people like really get to know you because you haven't done that. And I think you need to let people know what you've been through. Like I think I get it, but I don't know that anybody else does. Yeah, like I don't honestly know if people really know what you've been through, like how they could send you home. You can't expect people to vote for you if they don't know why you're here. Right, I'll do that. I'm gonna... I'll go talk to everybody. These girls who want to vote me out, I'm gonna have to fight and let them know how much I really want it. Do you have a minute? Yeah. Okay, because I kind of want to talk. Hopefully I can get at least one more vote. What's up? Well, you know, I feel like, I feel like since I've been here people feel like I don't care or something like that but like obviously I do. I really do. If I leave, that just means I have to sacrifice more time with my husband because I'll have to go to training and so that's more time away from him because we don't have the money to pay for the wedding. He just got back and I'm gonna leave him again and I don't want that to happen. I mean, I don't want to keep going on without him and it's hard. That's what's at stake here. Like you coming to me right now is fighting and like I feel much closer to you now that you opened up to me. It just brought us closer, you know? You know what? I'm thinking I kind of swayed that vote there. You're gonna be okay. - >> Thank you. - Coming up... It is time for you to cast your rsvp vote. Again, here I am, torn. I've been working really hard to save Melissa. If she goes home, it'll be - a huge blow to our alliance. - And later... Please step forward and reveal who you rsvped for. This is very hard for me, but one thing that helps me get through this house is support. You coming to me right now is fighting and like showing me that, "yes, I want this too and I deserve a chance," you know? Like I feel much closer to you now that you opened up to me. It just brought us closer, you know? If I get at least one more vote other than jenessa, hopefully I could be staying today. You're gonna be okay. Thank you. Seriously. I feel like she's a little sister to me and it's almost like I feel like I need to protect her. Now that I'm alone with Alexandra at the pool, this is the perfect opportunity to give, um, one last effort to try to keep Melissa in the house. Melissa has a tiny chance. She did talk to me and my heart went out to her, but it was like this was the only time she really came up to me. And like I know if she was not in the bottom, she would not be even trying to get close to me. So, okay, so let me just put this another way to you and if it's like not even on the table, then just tell me and we'll forget about it and we won't even talk about it anymore and we'll send her home. I will give you my word that if it's you and Melissa in the bottom next week, I will vote for you. Would that change your mind? I will want to... I would want to have your guarantee that I would have a vote. I mean, I'll consider it because obviously like this is a competition and I wanna be here longer. And see, I know that about you. Like I want this. I want my dream wedding. Like I cannot tell you. I'm starting to actually trust jenessa a little bit more and I kind of want to join forces with jenessa to get further because jenessa knows what she's doing. She really does. I'm telling you if you give Melissa once more chance, like you have control. Giving you my word. Ladies! Hey. Well, ladies, as you can see, the rsvp box is here. Unfortunately, it is time for you to cast your rsvp vote. As you know, once I take that box out of this house, your votes are locked. I will need the three bottom brides to come with me. That is netty, Melissa, and Lisa Marie. Bye. This is the first time I'm in the bottom so it's a little nerve-wracking. I only need two votes. Obviously I'm getting jenessa's vote, but like if I can just get either Alexandra's or just anybody. One more vote, I'll be good. Netty kind of does her own thing. She plays it safe with all the girls. She got her eye on her prize. Maybe I should reconsider my - vote and get rid of her. - Coming up... Alexandra, please step forward and reveal your rsvp. I have a lot of hope in that Alexandra is gonna sit at my table. Well, I'm not sure she will. I am so glad that you opened up to me. It's not every day that people get the opportunity to have the wedding of a lifetime. I really, really want this. I wanna fight for it. I honestly feel that Byron and I deserve this and I really wanna stay here. I wanna stay so bad. This is so important to tj and me. Since I've been in the bottom I've kind of, uh, tried to schmooze a little bit and butter people up and see if I can possibly, you know, get a vote or two in. Right now in the house, there's a group of good girls and there's a group of bad girls and all of us good girls know that we need to get those bad girls the hell out of here. And who is the queen of all bad girls? None other than jenessa. Good evening, ladies, and welcome to the "bridalplasty" rsvp ceremony. Jenessa, can you please step forward and reveal your rsvp? My little pumpkin. Um, you're like a little sister to me. I don't know what to say. I just have so much respect for the way that you can serve our country. I don't, I don't know what else to say and I think that you're such a special person. I love you. "Oh, my god, my little sister." Shut the up, bitch. You never really liked her. You were only trying to use her in your favor. Okay, Kristen, please come forward and reveal your rsvp, please. So, short, sweet, and simple, I love you all and I know we're all gonna go somewhere one day and there only can be one person in the end so this is only gonna get harder. If all plays out well, Melissa will go home and I will finally feel like I have a little bit of peace in this house. Cheyenne. Okay, netty. From day one I think that you've been a wonderful person and I admire that a lot. Cheyenne sits next to me and I am so relieved. Like I just need one more vote. Allyson, because there are five girls voting, you only need two votes to be guaranteed to stay in the house. So whoever gets the next vote will be safe. Okay, first of all, all three of you, I absolutely adore all three of you. Lisa Marie, room partner, nurse. You put everybody before yourself. Lisa Marie, congratulations. You will go on to compete to be the perfect bride. I'm relieved knowing that I'm safe. I'm just so happy to have my other brides', you know, support. Alexandra, please step forward and reveal your rsvp. This next rsvp will decide both of your fates. So I did my best to make a deal with Alexandra. It's the moment of truth. Either she accepts my offer or Melissa goes home. I have a lot of hope in that Alexandra's gonna sit at my table. Well, I'm not sure she will. If I vote for netty, I weaken jenessa's alliance. But if I vote for Melissa, I can join that alliance and finally be protected. We're in the middle of the rsvp ceremony and Alexandra's the deciding vote. Does she choose her friend or foe? Netty, I think like everybody else in the house, I have no complaints about you. You are the most neutral person. You listen to all of us. I feel like I am really close to Alexandra and I'm really hoping that she votes for me. Melissa, I cannot say that we had a great start but what I can say is that I am so glad that you opened up to me. All I need is for Alexandra to sit at my table and netty's going home. This is very hard for me but one thing that helps me get through this house is support. I really did consider jenessa's offer but ultimately, I'd rather take my chances against her versus taking my chances trusting her. Sorry, Melissa. You picked the wrong side. Melissa, unfortunately the brides have spoken and you do not have enough guests at your table. This means your time here at "bridalplasty" and your quest to become the perfect bride is over. Your wedding will still go on, it just won't be perfect. I definitely feel like I deserved to stay tonight a little more than, you know, Lisa Marie. I feel like she already had her second chance. It sucks I got eliminated but, I mean, I get to go home and see tj so that makes this horrible situation all that much better. Well, my number one target in the house at this point after Melissa leaves is Alexandra. She definitely played me a little bit, making me think that she may vote for Melissa. And I'd really like to take her down. I really think that jenessa knows her alliances are slowly slipping away. Bam, Melissa's gone. That's one less person she has control over. Jenessa, your ass is going down. Well, ladies, congratulations because you have all made it one step closer to becoming the perfect bride and having your dream wedding. Next time, on "bridalplasty"... I kinda feel like maybe like you should be on one team and Cheyenne should be on one 'cause you guys have really been like consistently at the top. I, I guess that's fair. Jenessa always has a really slick way of getting what she wants. I don't like it and I don't trust it at all. Right now they're definitely strategizing. Jenessa has everybody in the house under her wing. She controls them and Cheyenne is weak and so is Lisa Marie. And honestly, they're gonna listen to whatever jenessa says. Kristen, if you wanna say something to me, then say it to my face. I mean, you're making us feel like and I'm being - honest with you. - Jenessa's completely a puppet master. She wants to control everyone and everything to make sure she's the last one standing. A lot of the reasons you don't like me are because people running to you and saying things because they wanna take me out. The master manipulator. You are now our top bride. She is gonna look so great in her wedding dress with virtually no scars. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 