Bridalplasty: Season 1, Episode 3 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Bridalplasty 
 s1e3 - Episode #1.3 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Bridalplasty (2010–…): Season 1, Episode 3 - Episode #1.3 - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Previously on "bridalplasty"... Cheyenne, you are our top bride. I have to go right now and get my nose done. Her nose is really crooked. That's why she's here. Oh! We're so happy. It's bittersweet. God, I was so close. I wanna be in that room. I wanna be recovering. Lisa Marie, Jessica, Allyson are the bottom brides. Allyson, are you okay, sweetie? My vows did not sound anything like these girls'. No, we are. Forming the alliance just made 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 sense, because the objective is to stay in the game as long as possible. I'm struggling with being that competitive person and doing what's morally right. As much as I love you and I want you to be here, you are definitely my biggest competitor. - I'm sorry. - Well, Jessica, I'm sorry, but I'm gonna have to ask sorry, but I'm gonna have to ask you to leave. Hi, Dr. dubrow. Hey. How are you? It hurts. Yeah, it does hurt, huh? Ahh, it hurts so bad. It's just like someone like hit me in the face with a hammer. Truthfully, by the time you have your wedding and get married, it should be exquisite. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Really? Yeah. Mind if I take a little peek? It's okay. You look really good. I mean, you know, everything's fine. We'll take the splint off in probably three or four days. I'm like so confident that I'm gonna love my nose, and I can't wait to have this off and just see what it looks like. Oh, it's gonna be good. It's gonna be so good. Ready? Uh-huh. Let's go, girl. Um, ah, you said you wanted to do it. At the last elimination, I heard a few things from a few girls that were negative things about me. So at this point, enough is enough. There's no more negativity coming from me. Put yourself like this and go one. Do you feel it in your stomach? Yeah, I do. We got bridal boot camp going on here. Allyson and I are the two heaviest girls in the house. I just want to help her out. And obviously, in this game, making friends is crucial. Three, two, one. Ah! Holy. Oh, my gosh. I walk downstairs and I see this huge, shiny, silvery box. Ladies! I'm like, whoo, a present! Oh, my god. That is freakin' gorgeous. "Is this dress the one you've dreamed of for your wedding day? If not, you'll have plenty to choose from when I see you this afternoon at the most exclusive wedding dress store in Beverly hills." Who's gonna try on the dress? Put it on, put it on. I wanted to cry all over that wedding dress. There's no way in hell I would ever be able to afford something like that. My parents spent all their money on my sister's dream wedding. I'm very hurt over it, very hurt. My experience in trying on wedding dresses, first of all, sucked. Bat wings. I got the bat wings. Like they keep waving. You wave it once, it waves ten times after that. Oh, my god! Welcome to winnie couture in the heart of Beverly hills. Today's wedding planning topic is your wedding gowns. First, I'd like to introduce you to winnie chlomin of winnie couture, who is responsible for all these absolutely gorgeous dresses in the shop. Also, I'd like to introduce you to Phillip bloch, stylist to the stars. Jennifer Lopez, Lauren holly, Angela Bassett... they all looked absolutely beautiful on their big day because of this man. Whoo. Well, ladies, you know, this is a day you've been planning all of your lives, but we're gonna bring a little extra sexy and a little more sizzle to that day for you. Yeah! Winnie has put together a fashion show to show you various styles and designs that are in. You guys ready? Yeah. First, we have the mermaid style. This is for the bombshell bride. As you notice, it's long and slim at the top and kind of flairs out at the bottom. Ladies, remember, a little ruching can be your best friend. This is great for camouflaging different curves and things that you might want to hide. I am a curvy girl. I have a tiny waist. I definitely have hips. And I just honestly think that a mermaid-style dress is gonna look really good on me. Next, we have the princess silhouette. I love this beautiful veil. This silhouette is called the drop waist or the fit and flair. The drop waist gives you great flow, again, for dancing. Beautiful. When I was a little girl, I wanted my dress to shimmer and sparkle like cinderella. This is what we call the ball gown silhouette. This is every girl's dream and fantasy. Something you want to watch on a shorter girl because it can be very overpowering. I'm so overwhelmed right now because I am a complete tomboy, and I don't know what looks right and what looks wrong. Well, thank you, ladies. Ladies, I hope you were all listening to Phillip because we're gonna have a "bridalplasty" challenge right now. Oh! Thanks, Shanna. I'm gonna divide you into three teams. Cheyenne, you are on medical leave, which means you won't participate in this week's challenge, but you will vote at the rsvp ceremony. You have a half hour to find your dresses. Phillip will be judging each individual team member and giving you a score from one to ten. How does the style of gown fit your figure? Do the accessories add or subtract from your gown? But, ladies, here's the catch. There are no mirrors in this shop. So you have to rely on your fellow teammates to help you find the perfect dress. When your half hour is up, you will each strut your stuff on the runway and the team with the highest combined score wins. And the bride with the individual highest score on the winning team is our top bride. So, ladies, you better dazzle me. And, of course, the three ladies with the lowest combined score will be our three bottom brides. Are you ready to put together the perfect wedding ensemble? Yes. Go! Ooh, can I see that? Oh, my gosh. Everybody just starts running every direction. Crazy, grabbing jewelry and accessories and veils. I'm just worried about getting - a dress. - Lisa Marie, how you doing? Hmm. I have Lisa Marie and netty on my team. Please try on something like with straps first, because you have a beautiful torso and you have breasts. I've actually worked at a wedding salon before, so I'm feeling really confident that we're gonna nail this. Okay, that's great. Allyson. Yep? I'm thinking this one for you. I hear I'm with Melissa and - jenessa. - Oh, girl, I'm sorry. I have absolutely no fashion sense whatsoever. Maybe I should not be the one trusted with an opinion on what you look like in a dress. Is that new, that shirt? - >> Flea market. - How do you feel in it? I mean, they don't have dresses that are gonna cover my arms. That's the whole thing. You like the ruching, right? Dominique! Please come help me. I'm on a team with jaimie and Dominique, and I'm 100% confident. It isn't me. There's not that many plus-sized dresses. Is this it? I know my body. I'm looking at her, and she's glowing. She's glowing. Here's my style. I'm a diva, I'm a curvy lady, and I wanna look good. I do feel, when it comes to dressing myself, that I know how - to style myself very well. - That's like your dream dress right there. Is this my dress? Whoo! Are you sure? Okay, ladies. Your time is up. You need one more thing. You all look very beautiful, but I need you all now to gather in the other room and get ready for the fashion show. He's gonna be like, you're falling out all over - the place. - Be afraid, be very - afraid. - Coming up... Looks like you got a little shotgun wedding going on there. Phillip is harsh. This is the wrong dress. This would probably be the worst choice of a dress for you. This is just embarrassing. Well, ladies, you all look very beautiful. You will each strut your stuff on the runway. Phillip will be judging each individual team member and giving you a score from one to ten. How does the style of gown fit your figure? Do the accessories add or subtract from your gown? Melissa, Allyson, and jenessa, come on up. I know that we all three look good, but I don't know what Phillip's gonna think. Okay, Melissa, please take the runway. I love this great veil on Melissa. I think the veil is really - exquisite. - If you cannot zip up the dress, honey, what is your ass doing on-stage? I don't know what the hell Melissa's thinking. Next up is Allyson. You know what, I really like what this does with her cleavage. I like that there's the beading underneath there. I'm praying that these two girls put together a slammin' dress for me and that they're gonna say, "bam! You look awesome." Jenessa, it's your turn to - take the runway. - I think the silhouette is great for your body, long and lean. The most important part of the wedding to me is how I look. Putting on the dress and picturing what I would look like after I have my nose job. I know that I'm gonna look perfect on that day. You remind me a little of Carrie Underwood. Aw, thanks, I love her. Phillip, what score would you give Melissa? I love the lace. I think it's romantic. I like that you chose something with a beading to accentuate your cleavage. However, it looks a little like you got a little shotgun wedding going on there. I think you should've paid more attention to maybe one of the beaded belts at the waist. Melissa, looks like she's seven months pregnant. Wow. Awkward turtle. Unfortunately, I'm gonna have to give her a five. Really, guys? Like send me down the aisle looking like a hot mess. Thanks a lot. So, Phillip, what score would you give Allyson? I just have one question. Is your mother gonna cry when she sees those tattoos in that pretty dress? You know, right there and right there, you just look like a truck driver in a gown, girl. This is just embarrassing. Again, mentally preparing myself to be in the bottom. You know, there's very few people. Angelina jolie can carry off all those tattoos, but when I saw you, it just... it took away from it. Phillip is harsh. But I really think it's great that you chose ruching at your waist. You slimmed down the waistline very nicely. And the color I think is beautiful on you. Just a little bit off-white. I'm gonna give her a seven. My jaw just almost hit the ground. That made my self-esteem skyrocket. - Jenessa? - I think very flattering in the front, very flattering in the back. It gives you a little hip line because you're kind of a straight up-and-down girl. I'm gonna give you an eight. I get an eight out of ten, and it feels fabulous. Ladies, that gives you a team score of 20 out of a possible 30. If the other teams don't beat our score of 20, I'm gonna be the top bride. Netty, Lisa Marie, and Kristen. Okay, Lisa Marie. The veil, the proportions, you see it, ladies? The proportion, how that's working? This is my first time even being in a wedding dress. Just enough flair. We're not accentuating anything. I am just gonna work with what I have and be confident while strutting my stuff down that aisle. Wow! She feels good. Okay, netty? I like the length of it. I like the shape of it. The proportion is great, and I don't mind the ribbon on it. I like it better than the plain one for you. I know I look good. This challenge was made for me. Kristen? I, I see the wedding. It's very '40s. I feel really good in my dress. This is an example of who I am, and I would actually wear this - outfit to my own wedding. - Phillip? Omg. You were the girl there with the glasses. You ugly Betty over in the chair there. This is just stunning. I just think it works so great. - I'm gonna give her a seven. - Okay, netty? I just want to see one thing. Just one second. Oh, that's what I thought. Hot, hot, hot. Ouch. Sizzling. It's sexy, but there's something ethereal. You have this botticelli-like quality. You know, cherub-like almost. I'm gonna give her an eight. I'm so excited. Phillip loves my look. I'm finally gonna be the top bride. I'm finally gonna get my surgery. I'm totally starting with a boob job. Phillip? I'm gonna have to say this is probably one of my favorite looks if not my favorite look today, and I'm gonna tell you why. It's very Christina aguilera when she does '40s "ain't no other man." And I have to say, that's not my favorite kind of veil. But for you, it works. I'm gonna give you a nine. I score a nine, and I am stoked. I have the highest score of any girl so far. Okay, ladies, that gives you a team score of 24 points out of a possible 30. You are now in the lead. Jenessa, Melissa, and Allyson, your team is in last place with only 20 points. As soon as the second group goes and I hear their score, I knew I wasn't gonna be the top bride. I'm terrified. I do not want to be a bottom bride. Okay, let's bring up the last team... jaimie, Alexandra, and Dominique. I know style. I know how to put it together. I know how to work the runway. We definitely got this challenge. Jaimie, you can take the runway. I like the dress, and I think almost I could've seen you in that beautiful, long chapel veil. Okay, Dominique, you are next. I think it compliments your bust. You have a beautiful waist there at the ruching. It's working with your curves. I'm nervous, but I have to just stay positive and confident and own this dress right now. Okay, Alexandra, time to strut your stuff. I like the tiara. It's cute. All that sparkle. I know fashion. I know what it takes to look good. I know my body. I'm about to kill this. Work the boobies. Work that face. You have that million-dollar face. You remind me a lot of Eva, Eva, Eva mendes. My goal is to be a plus-size model, and I know how to work a fashion challenge. I can't think of the other actress. Not Zoe saldana, but um... - >> Longoria? - So, Phillip, what score would you give jaimie? You're very tall. You're very slim. I like the dress. - I'm gonna give her a seven. - Okay, Dominique? I think this really works for me. I see that on you. I would give you an eight. Thank you. Okay, Phillip, what is - the score for Alexandra? - Kristen's team has 24 points. So far, my team has 15. I just think you're one of the prettiest girls here. We win if I score a perfect ten. You've got that j.Lo kinda skin. It glows. I'm still in the lead, but I haven't won yet. I'm really nervous about this. Coming up... Okay, Phillip, what is the score - for Alexandra? - Phillip is about to give me my score. If he loves this dress as much as I do, I can get a ten and be on my way to Dr. dubrow's - office. - So we're gonna start by making an incision. He would be very disappointed with this. Let's make a few minor adjustments. Did you tell her who you were voting for? No, I said that I have no idea who I'm voting for. I'm not gonna lie. It's gonna look bad for you because it looks like you're trying to stir up trouble. Wait, pump your brakes. The one trying to stir trouble? Seriously, I was trying to help out the girl. Okay, Phillip, what is the score for Alexandra? Phillip is about to give me my score. If he loves this dress as much as I do, I can get a ten and be on my way to Dr. dubrow's office for a tummy tuck. I've got nine points. Alexandra and her dress are all that stand between me and my boob job. This is the wrong dress for you. This is drawing my eye here. And, baby, please don't take this the wrong way. From the back, it's even worse. I just have to say this would probably be the worst choice of a dress for you. Oh, my gosh. Like that was brutal. Oh, baby, I'm gonna have to give you a four. I'm sorry. I cannot believe I just got a four. I really thought that I looked good. We're in the bottom three. Ugh. Kristen, with the highest score, you are the top bride! Kristen, as our top bride, you're leaving for your plastic surgery right now. You are also safe from elimination, not just this week but next week as well. Oh, my god, my boobs are gonna be bigger. It feels amazing to finally win a challenge and my boobs! Unfortunately, Alexandra, Dominique, and jaimie, you have the lowest combined scores. So you are our three bottom brides, and you are in danger of going home. The rest of you will have a very important decision to make because you will be deciding which one of the bottom brides will be going home. You can get changed. And I will be see you all at the rsvp ceremony tomorrow night. This is definitely not how I thought the situation would be playing out. I do not need to leave this - house. - I worked my ass off, and now I'm extremely worried that I might be going home. Hello. Hey. What are you doing? Contemplating my departure from here. Why? Because I'm in the bottom. Aah. I think it's hard for me to like picture the wedding because mom's not here, and like when I originally, like when I was little, I pictured my wedding with mom. I just wish I could have my mom see my dress. She passed away in January of this year. I know if she was here, she would go like above and beyond to try to make like my wildest dreams come true. Well, just stay confident in yourself and like know that you can do this. It's gonna get hard and it's gonna get emotional, 'cause it is a very emotional journey. This is something that you're meant to do. Yeah. I think that this is something that she would want for me, and so I'm gonna fight for it. You just need to figure out how you can stay in the game, you know. Yeah, I'm gonna try to figure it out. Merry Christmas. I just like wanna grab them all. We use these to help us figure out what size to make you. I will feel like a woman finally. I get carded for lottery tickets. You've gotta be kidding me. Like people think I'm 12. I'm thinking like a really full "c" or a small "d" because I know eventually it's gonna settle. Stand up. And we're gonna take this. And this is kind of a big implant. I want you to put this in on your right side. Let's see how this fits. Got it right? Yes, just turn to the mirror. Just looking at this. This is your first impression. This is too big, yes? My name is breast, and this is my friend Kristen, all right? I really wish bj was here, but I know it will be totally worth it when he gets to see them on our wedding day. And I will walk down that aisle saying, "here I come and I'm your woman." I think my big fear really is that like I'm gonna pick a size by going too safe. And then I don't want to wake up regretting not going big enough. I completely get what you're saying, and I will nail it. I know you will. I got you, okay. There's coffee downstairs and like breakfast. There's coffee? Mm-hmm. They just made some. Seeing the three bottom brides being Dominique, jaimie, and Alexandra is especially hitting hard for me because two of those girls were two of the girls who sat at my table at the last elimination. I'm starting to think, okay, we're just gonna go to Vegas if this doesn't work out. They have some really nice weddings in Vegas, though. Yeah. Like what... if you don't win, like what's your budget? If you don't mind me asking. Our budget was $25,000. $25,000? My budget was like $10,000. That's so crazy. Well, we were making a lot of money. We both had really good jobs. Yeah. Now we've got nothing. I think that jaimie seems to be having the same kind of financial struggles that I'm having, so I think that she is deserving of this wedding as - well. - What's going on? We were just talking about how we thought like things would get played out. You know, I can count on you and Melissa and Lisa Marie. Yeah. I feel good about knowing about Lisa Marie, jenessa, and Melissa voting for me, but I also feel bad because I know that jaimie or Alexandra is going to be going home. Is there anyone in particular you want to stay? Jenessa is very straightforward. Like she sees it from a very strategic point of view. Well, we shall see. I'm gonna put a little oxygen on your face, okay? Okay. I can't believe that my fiance will never see me like this again. I can't believe this is even happening to me. - You ready? - Ready. So we're gonna start by making an incision. This part shouldn't hurt her at all. Kristen wasn't sure exactly what size implants she wanted. So we're gonna try them on. We're gonna put a 325 in on the right and a 350 on the left and see how that looks. She would be very disappointed with this, 'cause these are a little smaller than she wants them to be. Okay, let's put her down and try a bigger size. Perfect. She is swallowing these up. Pretty. Mm-hmm. She's gonna fill out her wedding dress. That's for sure. Let's make a few minor adjustments and get Kristen into recovery. Can we have some more saline, please? Abc. Always be closing. Whoo-hoo! We're done. All done. You got your wish. - Exactly. - Nurse? Ooh. Kristen. It went great. Do I look like I got boobs now? Oh, yeah. There's no question about that. You're gonna be really happy. I promise, okay? Air hugs! - >> Air hugs, air hugs. - Air hugs only. I have a lot of swelling. When I see Kristen come through the door, I'm thinking, oh, my god. It looks like it hurts. It looks painful. - It makes me worry. - What size did you get? A "d." Oh, I'm so happy for you. Thank you. Think about it. In like three months, you're gonna be in a bikini. I know. On the beach with these big tatas. I'm so excited. Everyone is gonna be so jealous. I know, isn't he great? He makes dreams come true. Did he say when he thinks like you'll be raring to go again? How long it takes? He didn't. I just wanna see what happens. I'm like obsessing over it. Being the top bride, I'm so fortunate that I do not have to vote this week, which is great because I don't want to have to vote between my friends. But you know who you're going with? I think it will probably be jaimie. I just think that jaimie deserves it the most. I want jaimie to stay in the house because she's like the little ray of sunshine. It's like she's got kids and she's still... she's not selfish. She's selfless, if anything. She looks like she's in a lot of painful happiness. When I first heard about the opportunity to win plastic surgery, I was really, really excited. But I don't wish I was in - the recovery room right now. - They cut off your nipple and they... oh, my god, hello. I don't know. After seeing that, I don't know. That looks kind of sketchy. It's plastic surgery. I know, but everybody who - comes back, they look like... - Like zombies, right? It's "bridalplasty," remember? "Bridalplasty." We're here for plastic surgery. We're here for plastic surgery and transformation for our wedding day. I'm just looking at her like, oh - my god, you're ridiculous. - You don't deserve this. If I go home, it's not gonna be fair. Maybe I'll just get teeth whitening. Oh, jaimie, come on now. - Coming up... - >> I'm over this all those fake bitches! She's being a spoiled brat, a sore loser. I'm a threat in this house. - I'm pretty. - I'm dominant. I feel so angry. I have a big personality. They don't want me in this house. They're fake-ass bitches. I don't want to play some fake-ass game. I don't know what to do. The challenge is over, and jaimie, Alexandra, and myself are the bottom three brides. Alexandra is all upset. I mean, we only have so many chances this day. And maybe this is Alexandra's time to go home. It's just hard because when I was just looking at jaimie, she was like, "oh, I'll just get teeth whitening." And I was just like... Why should you stay if you're just gonna get teeth whitening? Yeah. Oh, god. Hey, awesome buddies. Can I just ask like why you pulled Dominique aside? I'm just curious. 'Cause I mean you, me, and her are all in the bottom three. We are, but I needed to talk to Dominique because I felt that she would understand where I'm coming from. There is seven more opportunities for people to get plastic surgery. I'm not here for plastic surgery. Yes, it's a great plus, and I do want to look stunning on my wedding day. But I'm here for my wedding. Like if you're going home, that's it. You're not getting no surgery. You know what I'm saying? Like you're not getting that like if I go home tomorrow, I'm not gonna get my skin fixed. And all the work that I do, all the times that I skipped drinking and go to sleep early and work out while everyone is hanging out at the pool... all of that is gonna mean. Wow, I didn't mean to interrupt your guys' talk. I'm gonna go inside so you guys can like hang out. Oh, my gosh. I want this tummy tuck. I want it so bad. I want it more than anyone in this house. And that's what I'm fighting for. I can't go home. It sucks. It really sucks being put in this position. I just feel for these girls right now. I really do. I knew who I was gonna vote for like literally right away. It's jaimie. I know we all want it. I just know that, you know, jaimie really needs it, too. I'm just like so, oh, god. You don't know what to say. And I really don't know what to say. I'm really torn. I don't really know what I'm gonna do at this point. Jaimie would really benefit from the wedding, but not necessarily so much the plastic surgery. And on the flip side, I feel that Alexandra is more motivated towards the plastic surgery than she is for the wedding. Do you know who you're voting for? No. They're the fakest bitches up in here, and they're gonna be the ones standing at the end if no one stops their asses. I cannot believe Allyson is gonna vote for jaimie. You feel it in your stomach? Yeah, I do. We got bridal boot camp going on here. After all I did for her? Pssh, please. It's not that I wanted to quit, but if you already know that you are gonna go home, why wait around? Somebody told me that Allyson was voting for jaimie, which would then in turn mean I would be going home. Alexandra is considering quitting because "somebody" told her that jaimie is gonna get more votes to stay in the house. Well, duh, jaimie is less annoying. They didn't say anything. Obviously, they weren't voting for me, or she would have told me. I'm not gonna lie, it really irritates me when people aren't upfront and just like honest. I don't like the "he said, she said" bull. Like who is telling you that? Like who are you trusting to tell you that this is true? I know that there's only two other people in the house right now that it could be. It could either be Melissa and she's been out here, or it could be netty. Jaimie figures out that it was probably netty that said these things to Alexandra. And, honestly, I don't really like netty and I don't really like Alexandra. So the more drama with them, the better. It makes me angry and I'm in the bottom, and I don't even have a vote. Why would she do that to somebody? For somebody to sit here and tell you like, "this is what I heard, this is what I heard," it's like, bitch, what the? Like who are you voting for? Did you tell Alexandra like you thought somebody was voting for somebody else? Did I tell Alexandra who flat-out said was voting for somebody? Yes. Did you tell her who you were voting for? No, I said that I have no idea who I'm voting for. You had her to the point where she wanted to... I had her to the point because I was actually sitting there, I was actually sitting there telling her like no matter what, like... you don't know. Allyson can change her vote. I'm not gonna lie, it's gonna look bad for you because it looks like you're trying to stir up trouble. Wait, pump your brakes. The one trying to stir trouble? Seriously, I was trying to help out the girl. I'm just gonna have a conversation with her and like, that's it. Because like I know I didn't do wrong, and so I couldn't have hurt your feelings if I'm trying to convince you to stay. I don't like this at all. Clearly, Alexandra was letting them talk about me behind my back. Hey, can we have a convo real quick? Yeah. Like I have jaimie telling me that somebody was trying to encourage you to leave? I said, "I heard Allyson was gonna vote for jaimie." That means I'm going home. Okay, so now I just want everybody to know that I was trying to convince her to stay, like point-blank. So I just wanted to clear my name. And I never said that she was telling me to go home. Like we felt like netty was telling you to go home, Alexandra, and you never stood up and said, "netty's not telling me to go home." I never got that you guys got that, that you guys literally thought netty said, "yeah, you should go home." I went up there because I was concerned because it's like I don't want you to quit, and I don't want to look like a fool for defending you. Okay, all right, I'm leaving because I was not playing the game. I don't have time for any games. I'm just thinking, oh, my god, what I said was misconstrued. They are just making me seem like I'm a total bitch. They're like definitely not gonna vote for me. This. Why are you quitting? For being so strong, like do you realize I was upset you were - quitting? - You really deserve a beautiful wedding. It's almost fun watching Alexandra flip out. You want to quit? - Fine by me. - >> I'm over this all those fake bitches! I'm so frustrated. I feel defeated. - I feel so angry. - I'm a threat in this house. I'm pretty. I'm dominant. Like I have a big personality. They don't want me in this house. They're fake-ass bitches. I don't want to play some - fake-ass game. - Like seriously, like - this. - Coming up... So just sleep on it, 'cause... I want to go home. Do you understand, I don't want to be around this? - I really am going home. - And later... Okay, ladies, the time has come. I didn't get to have my wedding yet. And so for me, this is just really important. You are our bottom bride and your time here at "bridalplasty" and your quest to be the perfect bride is now over. Hello. I really want to come home. I'm like 110% sure I'm going home, so why would I wait here? I want you to make the decision that's gonna be best for you. But I also want you to make a decision that you're not gonna regret later. All right. Do you love me? Yes, I love you. Like seriously? Baby, I really do. Last night was misconstrued. So can you do that with me? You're so cute. I told you. I am serious. Like obviously, it's between you and I. Whoever walks out of here, whoever walks out of here. But I can't quit. Yay, you're gonna stay. I hope it's a good last day. I'm sorry, but I do. It is what it is. Who knows? Me and you might not get any votes now. We can just be sitting at each other's tables. Because we're all voting for Dominique at this point. We don't like you two. So you never know. Yeah. I look like an ass after last night. I know that jenessa has an influence over some of the girls. So maybe if I can convince her that I am less of a threat than jaimie, than maybe she can convince some of the other girls to vote for me to stay. I know this is about the wedding and stuff. But like I guess I became so absorbed with the plastic surgery. If I were to get my surgery down the line, I felt that I would give up my spot for the wedding to someone else. Does that make sense? Now she's saying she'd give up the wedding? Maybe I should keep her around after all. You don't have to tell me, netty, but have you decided? No, I haven't. Well, Alexandra said that, "honestly, if it came down to it, I would give the wedding to someone else because the surgery is important to me." Alexandra said, she's like, "if it came down to me and somebody else, she's like, I would give them the wedding if I could have my surgery." But are you looking at it from like a competition standpoint? I'm trying to. Alexandra, it seems like all she really wants is the surgery. Like what does that say to you? That she wouldn't be in it in the end whereas jaimie would be. My heart says one thing, but my mind says another. I've got a lot of thinking to do. Hey, ladies! I don't know what's gonna happen at the rsvp ceremony tonight. I really think that I'm gonna stay, but as far as jaimie and Alexandra, I don't know. Hello, ladies. As you can see, there is the rsvp box. It is time for you to cast your rsvp vote. Will the three bottom brides come with me? - Dominique, Alexandra, jaimie. - I do feel as though the girls know who I am and why I want to be here. It's just whether or not it matters to them. At this point, I am so torn on a decision that it's literally like 50/50. They're in there right now voting, and that's that. I'm just hoping that they understand my struggle and know that I am someone that deserves it. Coming up... I didn't get to have my wedding yet. And so for me, this is just - really important. - This is all about completing my fairy tale. Okay, ladies, the time has come to reveal your rsvp. This is very hard for me. I'm so sorry. I am just hoping that the girls vote with their hearts and that they just realize what it means to me. I didn't get to have my wedding yet. And so for me, this is just really important. I'm here to get the surgery and the wedding. Like I was over 300 pounds on "the biggest loser," not looking for love. I found love. This is all about completing my fairy tale. Okay, ladies, the time has come to reveal your rsvp and to send one of these bottom brides home. Lisa Marie, please come forward and reveal which bride you'd like to see stay. Dominique, I am choosing to represent you at your ceremony. Thank you, Lisa. Melissa. Dominique, you are probably one of the girls here who I'm closest to, and that is why I am rsvping for you. I don't doubt the alliance at all. When push comes to shove, I really believe that they are going to have my back. Dominique, thank you so much for being a listening ear. Dominique, with three guests at your table, you are still in the running to become the perfect bride. One by one, I see Lisa Marie, jenessa, and Melissa all sit down at Dominique's table. I did see the same four ladies sitting at the same table at last elimination. Lisa Marie, with three brides at your table, you are safe from being sent home. I'm thinking, the four of them are just gonna stick together. Allyson, please step forward and reveal who you are rsvping for. This is very hard for me because both of these girls were at my table when I was in the bottom three last week. Jaimie, me and you have connected on so many levels. And me being a mom and you being a mom, we both share the same wants and needs to have this perfect wedding. Alexandra, I think that you are going to go extremely far in life. You are so young and you are so driven. Allyson has no right voting for jaimie. After all I did for her? To walk home with nothing would truly be shameful. I'm so sorry. As everybody knows, this is very hard for me. Jaimie, me and you have connected on so many levels. Alexandra, you are so young and you are so driven. But with my decision, I had to look at this from a competition standpoint. I'm so sorry. I'm shocked. I thought Allyson was voting for me. People are definitely starting to show their true colors, and I'm just nervous. I know that I convinced Allyson to vote for Alexandra. I'm really the puppet master. She's not in control. Cheyenne. Jaimie, you're the most selfless person I think I've ever met. Alexandra, you're amazing and you're just kind of one of those people that are always there when you need them. I really wanted to vote for jaimie, but everyone else is voting for either Alexandra or Dominique. And I really, at that point, had to think about myself and how it would affect for me later on if I did vote for jaimie as opposed to Alexandra. Netty, your vote will not affect the outcome, so you do not have to rsvp tonight. Tonight I voted for Alexandra to stay, because I feel that she can only make it as far as the surgery and not truly be a step between myself and the wedding. Jaimie, your quest to be the perfect bride is now over. Your wedding will still go on. It just won't be perfect. I think that I'm the most upfront and honest person in the house. And, honestly, nice guys finish last. I love you. I love you, sweetheart. Do good, okay? I'm already married, and I haven't had that moment like with my husband. And it's just hard. I'm just used to being there and not getting that like happily ever after. I'm just really disappointed because I don't think that people are thinking clearly. I think I see the same four people that are sitting at the same table as last time. And so it's becoming a who's who and who voted for what when they're not all looking at - the big picture. - I think some girls are finally realizing that it's a game. At the same time, it's like sometimes you figure out it's a game and it's a little too late. - There is clearly an alliance. - Jenessa is a puppet master. This might necessarily be an alliance that the rest of the girls in the house, including myself, need to watch out for. Next time on "bridalplasty"... Okay, well, they're, they're perfect. This couldn't be better news to me. At least if I go home, I'm gonna go home with perfect breasts. - Everything you do is perfect. - Oh, it's almost off. It looks really good. Oh, it's so good. The perfect bride must have the palate to determine high class from no class. Please taste the two different pates. The foie gras is a delicacy. On the other cracker is liverwurst from pig liver. It is how they're gonna vote. They have formed a clique together. Right now in the house, there's a group of good girls and there's a group of bad girls. And all of us good girls know that we need to get those bad girls the hell out of here. And who's the queen of all bad girls? None other than jenessa. We'll go ahead and get this done. God, look at the bleeding. Heal quickly. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 