Bridalplasty: Season 1, Episode 6 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Bridalplasty 
 s1e6 - Episode #1.6 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Bridalplasty (2010–…): Season 1, Episode 6 - Episode #1.6 - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Previously on "bridalplasty"... The fate of their happiness lies in your hands. I think it's best to give it to Allyson. It feels amazing to be the top bride because you're going to get your surgery but at the same time you're safe for two eliminations. She is gonna look so great in her wedding dress with virtually no scars. Whoa, that's good. Let's close this. You know I love you more than anything but you're, I mean, you're making us feel like. Kristen, if you wanna say something to me, then 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 say it to my face! I'm not saying anything to your face because I don't want to. I wanna vent to my friend, that's all. I really have to apologize because I was really under a different impression, because everything I've heard about you has been from other people. Alexandra. This girl who said she was my friend made me look like such an idiot. Now we're aiming at you. Alexandra, as a manipulator you would've realized today that you were being manipulated by everyone in the house. Tonight, you are the biggest loser. I definitely don't wanna be in a house full of fake bitches, and that's exactly what they are. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 And in the end, we'll see who the real manipulator is because the real manipulator is because it really is jenessa. Oh, my god. Oh, my god. Tonight at the rsvp ceremony I got the final vote. Okay, you need to explain, girl, that you didn't understand. I really wanna be here. I wanna win this thing. I want this wedding. So did you think like we were turning it all on you? Yeah. Oh, my god. You would think I would do that to you? No, no, but at the time, like when you're sitting there and I'm like... It feels weird for me to not vote for Kristen because like that's my buddy, you know? But I put a lot trust into jenessa, though. You sneaky. The scary thing is now more than ever I know that jenessa's controlling all the votes in the house, and that has to stop. I thought you were acting. I was like at first I was like, "wow, she's doing a really good job." It really doesn't matter that jenessa sat at my table. As long as jenessa's in the bottom, we have a chance of getting her out. I'm a little surprised at how easy it is to control the house. I can't believe that they're so naive. That's not off the table. Well, good. You know what jenessa? I found her first. No, no, you didn't. Oh, oh, oh, oh. I'm getting close to netty. She's like a little sister to me now and she's so energetic and bubbly and I love having her around. She always makes me laugh. Allyson. How are you? You feel all right? Oh! I know. Let's have a look, yeah? This is gonna be the first time that I see my arms. I'm so excited. Okay. Oh, my god. Yeah. Oh, my god. It's gone. I'm gonna be able to buy tank tops and not feel horrible about the way my arms look. Oh, my god. Do you see... yes. How much this is flat? Yes. I mean, look at this. Oh, my god. It's gone. Yeah. This is an absolute dream come true for me. I don't think I've ever seen myself with thin arms. Ever. This is gonna be a fraction of this. When your swelling comes down it's gonna look like this. Maybe the thinnest my arms have ever been were in grade school and I'd have to look at pictures to remember that. How are you? Good, how are you? Good. I'm so excited because I'm just really looking forward to see finally what my nose looks - like. - You look great. Oh, my god, you look so different, oh. Here you go. Oh, my goodness. That is so crazy. You fixed me. I did, didn't I? Yeah. It's unreal, like I never even imagined this would ever happen and it happened. Like it's fixed. I'm besides myself. I'm so happy. The bad news is, uh, you need to wear tape for at least a week. Like this hideous tape. Okay, mm-hmm. Knuckles. Snap, okay. Thank you so much. You're welcome, you really are. - Oh, wow. - They left this. Ah! Okay. Oh, god. Okay, I got it. Girls! Oh, my god. I'm really gonna need some help here. Allyson, don't help her. We run downstairs and I notice that netty is holding a huge arrangement of flowers. Oh, my gosh, they're real. I can't wait to see what this is about. "Hey, ladies. Enjoy the fragrant smell of flowers. I'll see you soon at the showroom of L.A.'s top celebrity flower designer. Oh, my god. Obviously now our challenge clearly has to do with flowers, and I need to win this challenge. There is no way that I can be in the bottom three times in a row. That's just impossible. I'm fighting for it. It's just I can't, no, I can't be in the bottom again. I'm so excited. Okay, let's go get ready. Flowers. Hi, girls. Come on in and take a seat. So I walk into la premier and I see all these beautiful flowers everywhere. It's overwhelmingly gorgeous. It's wonderful. Welcome to the famous la premier. I'd like to introduce you to a good friend of mine. This is shop owner and designer Kevin Lee. Hi, Shanna. Hello. Hi, ladies. Hi! Oh, you look so fabulous. But especially you. My god, look at you. I look like a chipmunk. This is fabulous. I love it. We'll have a really fun day today. Oh, Kevin Lee. He left nothing to the imagination in those pants. You cannot help staring at if it hangs to the left or it hangs to the right because it's just in full view for all to see. Is that fabulous? Well, ladies, Kevin is one of the most sought-after celebrity floral designers. He's done so many a-list celebrities from Christina aguilera. Oh, my god. Giuliana rancic and kendra Wilkinson. Ooh. And ladies, we are here to figure out your wedding centerpieces and bouquets. Somebody who does Christina aguilera's wedding can do Allyson's wedding any day. All right? I like that, yeah. That's my bouquet! And whose was this? Oh, my god. Kevin, do you find it's more in trend right now to have higher flower arrangements or kind of a low on the table? If you love drama, here I come! Okay, I'm here. It's really great getting advice from a celebrity florist. Not to mention, he's so enthusiastic about it. Okay, let's see, who fits better for these bouquets. - Looks like you. - These are all gonna go in your bridal closets. This is more like you. - >> Thank you. - Lisa, that is you. That is gorgeous. Perfect. I love my mini bouquet. It's such a great idea, and he did such a wonderful job putting them together and it's definitely gonna be motivation to win. Kevin has been generous enough to give the winner of "bridalplasty" all their wedding flowers for free. - Well, you guys can thank Kevin. - Thank you. And get your stuff together and then I will meet you back at the bridal tent for your "bridalplasty" challenge. Thank you. See you later. You know, being able to add my bouquet in the closet, it's like a dream come true. But I need to be focusing on just winning and, and doing what I got to do. Brutus needs to become olive oil. Oh, my god, it's giuliana rancic. Ah. Oh, my god. Giuliana rancic. I mean, she is a host of "e! News." She's had her own reality show. She interviews celebrities on the red carpet. What's up, everybody? I'm giuliana rancic here in Hollywood. I am fantastic, Ryan. I got to be honest. Can you feel the energy on this red carpet right now? Okay, I'm gonna try to milk as many wardrobe changes as possible. It's pretty amazing to see her in person. It is now time for your next "bridalplasty" challenge. Well, you all remember Kevin Lee - from the shop earlier today. - Hi! I have a new friend I'd like to introduce you to. From "e! News" and her own show, "giuliana & bill." Giuliana rancic. I'm like starstruck. I'm like, oh, my god, giuliana rancic. I'm so excited. Hi, guys. Hi. This is really exciting. Well, today at Kevin's shop you found out that it's obvious you need to have a clear vision of what you want for your perfect wedding. So we're going to test your ability to turn your vision into a reality. You will be making your bridal bouquets. You will have 30 minutes to design and construct your perfect bouquet. You can use anything you see in this shop right here today. When I call time, you must place your bouquet in the vase next to your station. Kevin will be judging your bouquets from a scale of zero to ten, zero being terrible and ten being perfect. He'll be judging you on appearance, personal style, and lastly, durability. Also, Allyson, you can just sit tight and watch all the fun. The bride with the highest individual score will become our top bride. The two brides with the lowest score will become our bottom brides. And you heard me correct, we will have two bottom brides this week. - Your 30 minutes starts now. - Go for it. There is no way in hell I'm letting jenessa win this challenge. It's up to me to take her ass down. I will throw a bitch fit if - jenessa wins. - Coming up... You have ten more minutes. Are you kidding? I have never in my life even dreamt of putting together a bouquet so I really don't know what I'm doing. Okay, ladies, you're gonna present your wedding bouquet. Looks a disaster. Look at this, a dead flowers. Ugh. Your 30 minutes starts now. Go for it. So today's challenge is to make our own bridal bouquet. We only have 30 minutes to do it and the highest score becomes top bride. I want my bouquet to be big. Yes. I want it full. So far, so good. I want it sparkly and I want some feathers incorporated in it. I'm not. Oh, yeah. There you go, Dominique. Okay, should I just fill in all in here? Yeah, just fill it in. Make it as full as you can, I think. So I go straight for the purple hydrangeas and try to grab as many sparkly, blingy things as I can get my hands on. It will not only give it personality, but it'll make it what Kevin wants to see. I don't know, that might be okay. I thought like maybe orange flowers would look pretty with white flowers. So I grabbed the orange flowers and I put one in and I'm like oh, that looks pretty. I need more bling. Ladies, you have ten more minutes. Are you kidding? I've never in my life even dreamt of putting together a bouquet. So I really don't know what I'm doing, but I'm definitely gonna try my best because I will not be bottom bride again. Damn it. I'm putting my bouquet together, and Lisa Marie just will not shut the hell up. She has no idea what the hell she's doing. She can't even figure out how to tie a damn bouquet together. Really? I'll start cutting from here. Yeah, you cut there and then you glue. You glue, you glue. Incompetence. You need it to be full. So grab a color. We have a bunch of different colors there and on the other side. There's white ones. I would go with white. Looking around, I'm overwhelmed. I don't even know which flowers I particularly want. No, no, no. Not those, no, those are horrible. This is not looking good. Better hurry, there's only five minutes left. I'm definitely not gonna have time to wrap mine. This is gonna be toughie because everyone's looks good. I'm looking around to see what the other girls are doing and kinda judging their bouquets to see if I think mine's gonna shape up to theirs or not. I just really don't think this is Lisa Marie's thing. Netty is totally clueless. Dominique's bouquet just looks like she skinned a smurf, but Kristen is definitely a competitive threat. Three, two, one. Bouquets in the vases, glue guns down. Okay, ladies, you're gonna walk individually one by one down the white carpet and present your wedding bouquet to Kevin and giuliana. We are going to start with netty. Walking up about to be judged I know how much is on the line. Ready? Do you think you are happy with this? I love it. So I really hope that my bouquet scores well. Hmm. Look at that, giuliana. It's too many flowers working together and then with the bling on it and then the feathers. It's a little bit like a hot mess. I give you five. You put together a freaking bouquet, giuliana. See how it comes out. I'd like to give you a five. Ugh, my life. Cheyenne, you are next. Wow, look at this. Look at the shape, it's so fabulous. Thank you. Yeah. The shape is very pretty. I'm very picky with the flowers. Gorgeous roses, just daisies make it a little like childish. It's pretty and I love the shape of it. Here you go. I will give you a seven. Thank you. Okay, Dominique, you are next. Tada. Wow. What do you think, Kevin? It's a little too big for a bridal bouquet. You know, that's how I feel. What do you think? If I can be honest, it screams Dolly parton to me. It's a little country. When I think Dolly parton, I think huge boobs. I really didn't see any boobs in Dominique's bouquet. I give you six. I'll take it. Thank you. Oh, crap. Lisa Marie, you are next. I'm looking down at my bouquet and I'm realizing like oh, no, I could definitely do way better and I'm like, be easy on me, be easy on me. Let me check it out. Ugh, looks a disaster. Look at this. Dead flowers. They died while I waited. They died while they were sitting on your table? Look at this. Oh, my god. Oh, god. Kevin. This is hideous. I'm frustrated that Lisa Marie can't really just dive into one of these challenges and really, really try and give it her all. I mean, was she really happy with that bouquet? There's no way. You know, hideous. So here it go. Oh, my god, I'm screwed. So screwed. I give you two. How about that? A two out of a ten? I'm thinking, pssh. Kristen, it's your turn. It's my turn to be judged by Kevin and giuliana, and I really want to win another surgery. If I was top bride again, I really would have to get either my tummy or my thighs lipoed. I wanna get back to the size I used to be. Look at this. Aw, hmm. The feathers are too much and they're, they're not in the right place, you know? They're kind of coming out like hands at me. Ah, ah. They were like feather hands. Much better without it. They did kind of look like hands coming off the side of it. But other than that, the shape-wise, it's glamorous. What do you think of the size? It's a little big. But for her, she just had a new boob job. And this fits perfectly. Oh, you can tell? By the way, they look amazing. Well, I'm glad my bouquet sucks, but my boobs are nice. Giuliana, it's up to you. I don't know if you're gonna be happy or not. We're gonna have to give you an eight. Wow, giuliana. Now I'm in the lead. I'm just hoping that something goes terribly wrong with jenessa's bouquet so that she doesn't get top bride. Jenessa, you are next. I'm feeling pretty confident that I am not gonna be one of these bottom two. I would love to be top bride because I really want to get my nose done, and plus I'm safe for two eliminations. - Oh, my god. - Coming up... Go pack those bags 'cause you are leaving immediately. Bye, good luck! I'm gonna be really careful - and I'm gonna do an amazing job. - How will you feel if you go home without any like plastic surgery? I feel like I keep bailing out Lisa Marie and all she does is let me down. Jenessa, you are next. As jenessa's walking down the aisle, I am just hoping and praying that I can hold off jenessa and be top bride. Oh, my god. Now I just need her to have less than eight points. I have to say of all of the bouquets, I would choose this one for my wedding. Thank you. You did a really nice job with it. You used feathers but not too many feathers. Be honest with you, these flowers are just perfect. How about nine? Thank you. Thank you. Jenessa, you are our top bride. Yay! I'm finally gonna be getting my nose done. You have an opportunity now to pick one of the plastic surgeries off your wish list. You will be safe not just this week but next week as well. This sucks. I really thought I had another chance to be top bride. Now my biggest rival in the house gets to be safe for the next two eliminations? Go pack those bags 'cause you are leaving immediately. Bye. Bye. At least she doesn't get to vote at the next rsvp ceremony. Lisa Marie, netty, unfortunately you two are our bottom brides and you are now both at risk of being sent home. There's only so many times that my alliance can bail out Lisa Marie and, you know, at one point I'm gonna give up on her 'cause if she can't try and she can't do it, then why am I keeping her here? It's really just affecting everybody else. I will see you all at the rsvp ceremony tomorrow night. I'm in the bottom again. - Great, story of my life. - Are you guys okay? - Mmm. - >> Can't catch a break, dude. Of course I'm disappointed that I'm in the bottom again for the third time, but if you like me by now, you like me. If you don't, well, then go screw yourself. I can sit here and cry... There we go. Are you good? I'm good. Trying. Yeah, I know. Just disturbing when you're trying to get better and it just won't work the way you want it to. I'm so numb to the whole thing. Honestly I don't know how it's gonna go. I don't know. I'm feeling mentally and physically exhausted. This is like emotional torment. If you're questioning if you have my vote, you know I have your back because I wouldn't be sitting here with this surgery if it wasn't for you guys. It's so nice to hear that Allyson has my back because at least now I know I have one vote and there's hope for me to stay. I mean, it's not over till it's over, you know? Hello, how are you? Good. Good to see you. Good to see you. How you doing today? Very excited. Good. So am I actually. So we're gonna do your nose today, right? Mm-hmm. Ever since I can remember, when I was a child, I just always remember like looking in the mirror and anytime I'd turn to the side, that was all I could see. So I just feel like it's very long. And I'd like to take that back. I wanna make sure that my wedding pictures, since my wedding is coming up, uh, I don't have the same problem. My fiance is going to love that I'm getting a new nose because if it's gonna make me look better, of course it's gonna make him look better. I'm gonna be really careful and I'm gonna do an amazing job, okay? Sounds great. I love Lisa Marie, but then I feel guilty for not voting for netty. Netty? Come on, just like roll with the punches sometimes, you know? Well, and there's people you connect with more than others. I guess that has a majority to do with it, too. I feel bad because last time I was in the bottom, Lisa Marie like voted for me, but... I do. I don't know. I'm torn. Oh, my god, Dominique's gonna vote for netty? This is amazing because losing Lisa Marie would totally weaken their alliance. You know, I am feeling torn between netty and Lisa Marie because I'm frustrated that Lisa Marie can't really just dive into one of these challenges and really, really try and give it her all. Ugh. Looks a disaster. Look at this. Dead flowers. This sucks. Coming up... Like how will you feel if you go home without any like plastic surgery? I don't wanna be hard on Lisa Marie, but I'm just really trying to figure out if she really wants this. Like I just wanna make sure you're gonna be okay if you like go home. You know what I mean? And later... Oh, my baby. Turn to the side, turn to the side. Ah! Couple of big deep breaths for me. - All the way in, all the way out. - I'm really excited going into surgery. Like I've wanted this for the last 28 years or as long as I can remember, and this is pretty amazing. From here to here is just too long. So let's go ahead and open up the nose. Scalpel? First thing we'll do is go inside her nose and take a piece of her septum. Her nose is not that bad. It just needs very subtle refinements. So I'm gonna use that in the tip to stabilize it. I'm gonna refine the tip with some sutures and now we'll sew that into the tip and form the structure of the tip around this. This nose is a lot less projecting and much more attractive than this nose. Oh, yeah, it's beautiful. That is beautiful, look at that. Vitals are good. Let's wake her up and, uh, wheel her to recovery. Hi, jenessa. How are you? Good, I'm really excited about this. Yeah, I made a lot of little changes. Overall it had a very big impact. It's gonna look really great. It went very smoothly. You're welcome. You're really welcome. It's obvious that you're upset. Well, of course. I just want to make sure you're gonna be okay if you like go home. You know what I mean? Do you have a feeling I will? No. Are you like foreseeing? No, it's not like that. It's just I wanna get your perspective on it. I don't wanna be hard on Lisa Marie but I'm just really trying to figure out if she really wants this. It's obvious she's not fighting for it, and I really need her to tell me that "yes, I can do this and yes, I want this dream wedding." It's scary either which way you look at it. It's like... Like how will you feel if you go home without any like plastic surgery? You don't care? No, no, it's not to say that I don't care. I mean, I'm so happy to see all of you guys getting it done. It would be nice if one of us, you know, each and every one of us got something done. How cool. I don't believe at this point Lisa Marie deserves to stay over netty. I feel like I keep bailing out Lisa Marie and all she does is let me down. There's only gonna be one winner. No, I know, I know. It seems like Dominique is preparing me mentally to go home. I don't think she's gonna vote for me, so I gotta do something about it. - I gotta get the ball rolling. - Coming up... So did I miss anything while I was gone? It's been very quiet. - And later... - I have to make a decision between Lisa Marie who is my alliance and netty. I don't know what I'm gonna do. How are you doing? I'm good. I'm feeling really good getting back to the house. I know I need to heal and stuff, but there's still a competition going on. I can't wait to see what's been happening while I've been gone. Oh, my baby. She looks wonderful. She doesn't even look swollen. I'm so happy 'cause jenessa's back and she looks fantastic. I saw what I looked like and I looked so much worse than jenessa. Turn to the side. Turn to the side! Look, it's like short! Okay, we'll see you later. Bye. We love you. Ah! Oh, my god. Jenessa is like super woman when she comes home. She didn't even come in the wheelchair. I think she just walked through the door. Like wow, you just really had surgery? So did I miss anything while I was gone? It's been very quiet. I have no idea. It's a little lonely being in the recovery room because I'm used to kind of having the pulse on what's going on in the house. I'll probably be voting for Lisa Marie. Probably voting for netty. That was what I was a little confused on. I think that it would end up being a tie. There is two girls in the bottom and four people voting. So in the event of a tie, I'll have the deciding vote and I'll decide who goes home. I feel like if I did another challenge... And you got in the bottom again? No, no, no, not even like I didn't win like top bride but I just like, I was just like I made it right in the middle, I'd feel like I had won like the whole thing. I'd be like, oh, my god. Thank you, Shanna! Screw the top. I don't care. I just wanna be safe. I just wanna thank my fans. Netty and Lisa Marie have been in the bottom a few times. But netty's being a really good sport about it and she's being very upbeat and happy. Put your feet up. I'm always like, I'm okay right in the middle. You know, and I get so excited for everybody else who has had something done. I wanted to be top bride, damn it. What's your number-one thing? My face. I'm looking around, I'm looking at all these girls' faces and I'm just thinking like maybe if I just remind them about what my story is about, they'll keep me here. I had to deal with like acne as a very, very young person. Broke out my fifth and sixth grade and it was very hard for me because I was the only one in like school that... Uh-huh. It's very embarrassing for me to say. I remember getting teased like a lot in school to the point where I would be jumped like every day for two years. It was awful. They ever hit you? Yeah, and I never told my parents. Did you ever go to like counseling for that? Huh-uh. After listening to the story, I feel bad for her and I really need to talk to jenessa because I have no idea what I'm gonna do tonight. I'm so glad you're back. Fellow noser. How are you? She's doing really good already. I know, right? How jealous am I? I'm just saying. So. Yes. You know, I was kind of on the fence. I have to make a decision between Lisa Marie who is in my alliance and netty, and you know, I just really kind of feel guilty for going against jenessa. I don't know what I'm gonna do. For netty. What if it's a tie? If there's a tie tonight at the rsvp ceremony, I think jenessa would vote for Lisa Marie. Do you think you're gonna be able to go? I think Kristen and Cheyenne will be voting for netty. Probably 99.99% positive that Allyson is gonna be voting for Lisa Marie. I think it'll be hard with this one. I'm pretty sure I'm gonna vote for Lisa Marie. I still don't want to throw that out there. Yeah, I'm not 100% confident. Ladies! Come meet me in the foyer! As you can see, there is the rsvp box. So that means you will cast your vote for the bride you would most like to see stay. Now I need the two bottom brides to come with me. Netty, Lisa Marie. - >> Bye, guys. - Bye. Being in the bottom for the third time in a row, it's like I can't catch a break but as of right now, I'm glad that jenessa isn't voting because like hands down jenessa would pick Lisa Marie over myself to stay. I'm definitely feeling nervous about going into this rsvp ceremony because I really have no clue how the turnout will be. My fate is in the hands of god. Tonight really is a difficult decision, and I'm not sure who to go for. I really like them both and I don't wanna see either one of them leave. At this point, the decisions have already been made, so I'm just hoping that Dominique voted for netty because if I'm ever in the bottom with jenessa, I know that Lisa Marie will vote for her. Coming up... Your energy is just incredible. You are just such a beautiful person. I really don't believe that you have the self-confidence to do this. Dominique, what part of "alliance" do you not understand? Going into this rsvp ceremony I'm a little anxious. At this point, it's not "who do you most want to see go?" It's "who do you wanna stay?" And that's what it should be about, who deserves this wedding. I am more worthy of this wedding than Lisa Marie. I am passionate about staying and I think by staying here it'll just help me progress as a person and ultimately remove any inner scars and outer scars and have that beautiful dream wedding. So I'm just hoping that Dominique voted for netty because if she doesn't, jenessa will be in complete control of the vote and that would suck. If Allyson and Dominique vote like I expect them to, then my plan will have worked out perfectly. Ladies. Netty, Lisa Marie, whether you stay or go is in the hands of your fellow brides. Our first bride, Allyson. Please step forward and reveal your rsvp. I love both of you dearly. So I will make my decision. Lisa Marie helped to vote for me to get my surgery. I do not forget. Next we have Cheyenne. Hello, ladies. I made the decision just going by who I thought put the most effort into being here. It's a huge relief. I'm feeling great that we're neck and neck, we're 50/50. Things could go any which way at this point and I'm just really glad that chey had my back. Kristen, please step forward and reveal your rsvp. Netty, what I admire about you most is that you take a negative situation and you laugh at it and I love that. Lisa Marie, this decision tonight, I don't even wanna cry over because I feel like I based it off of this person who really, really just fights, and I can't, it's crushing. It is crushing for me to make this decision. I don't want this person that I'm not sitting with to take it personally. It's really, really hard, but I had to go based off of "if I went home against this person, would I be upset?" Because I really worked at it. Yeah, I would. So. There was never any doubt in my mind who I was picking. Lisa Marie just doesn't deserve to be here. She's only here because jenessa has kept her here to have her vote. It's time for their alliance to die. And finally Dominique. Please step forward and reveal which bride you would most like to see stay. I have both Kristen and chey at my table and Lisa Marie only has Allyson at hers. If Dom sits at my table, then I am safe. On the other hand, if Dom sits with Lisa Marie then it's a tie. Top bride will be casting a vote. And at this point, I'm really nervous. Netty, I'm gonna start with you. Your energy is just incredible. You are just such a beautiful person. Lisa Marie. Hey. I root for you and I want you to do well, but I really don't believe that you feel like you "a" deserve it or "b" want it bad enough like the rest of us. I don't. Why are you here if you can't fight? I really don't believe that you have the self-confidence to do this. - I don't. - What is she doing? Dominique, what part of "alliance" do you not understand? Dominique, if you sit at netty's table, she will be safe and Lisa Marie will be going home. I'm sorry, Lisa Marie, but I really don't believe that you feel like you "a" deserve it or "b" want it bad enough like the rest of us. I really do believe at this point that Dominique is gonna vote for netty. I have been putting my best efforts into these challenges. Hey, that's all I can do. The person that I chose to stay is because I believe in them even though I know they don't. I voted for Lisa Marie because the best thing I can really do is just stick close to the people I trust and hopefully that'll get me through the finish line. Well, ladies, with two brides at netty's table and two brides at Lisa Marie's table, we have a tie. Jenessa, as our top bride, you are the tie-breaker. Netty, I think that you have made so many friendships here. You're definitely a great person and I'm glad I got to see that. But the person I'm gonna choose tonight is just someone that has been there for me from day one. Jenessa loves knowing that she has the power to send somebody home based off of how she feels. I'm so frustrated. I'm actually pissed. Netty, your time here at "bridalplasty" and your quest to be the perfect bride is over. Your wedding will still go on. It just won't be perfect. Yes, it will. Of course I'm upset that I don't get to continue. I like fighting for what I want. It's unfortunate that I lost to Lisa Marie. I feel like hands down I could have lost to anybody else in that house with pride, but it's Lisa Marie. It's a little upsetting. Jenessa's a smart girl. She knows what she's doing and she's known what she's doing since day one. Jenessa better watch her back because if jenessa's in the bottom anytime soon, her ass is gone. Well, ladies, another emotional rsvp ceremony, but I do have to say congratulations because you all are one step closer to becoming the perfect bride and having your dream wedding. There are only six brides left now and I feel more unstoppable than ever, and I'm not going to give up until all of them are gone and I win my dream wedding. Next time on "bridalplasty"... I'm so excited about my nose. I do feel one step closer to being the perfect bride. Why don't we bring in one of our special guests? This is Kristen's future mother-in-law. Lisa Marie's future mother-in-law. Cheyenne's future mother-in-law. I didn't know if - this was a dream or a nightmare. - So today I am sending you all to the Venice beach boardwalk for your next challenge. Come on, come on. Come on, what the? Where is she? Where did she go? Let's go, let's go, let's go, let's go! We just need a six-person pyramid. Sue, sue! This isn't fair! I'm getting really annoyed with Lisa Marie following me around being down. Pick yourself up already. There's only six girls left and it's gonna start to get crazy. I'm done. I'm out. I gotta change my strategy now! I'm so broken-hearted over this. I never said that I was voting for her. It's like a freaking cockroach that just won't die. I don't care who you're voting for, I just think it's a really thing to do. It's not supposed to get emotionally involved. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 