Bridalplasty: Season 1, Episode 10 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Bridalplasty 
 s1e10 - The Perfect Bride - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Bridalplasty (2010–…): Season 1, Episode 10 - The Perfect Bride - full transcript 
 It's time to reveal some secrets to be in with a chance of surgery - and survival. Two friends fight elimination together, so will they turn on each other? 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Previously on "bridalplasty"... Dominique, jenessa, tonight there will be an rsvp ceremony and Allyson will decide which bride will move on with her to the finale. Allyson of all people in this house has my fate in her hands. The only way I could ever have a wedding is being here. I want this like more than I wanted anything in my entire life. My mind is just spinning at this moment. I want a person that was gonna be my competition. I wanna stare it right in the face. If you don't know the answer just go like this. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 There's a snake in the grass and I found it and now I'm gonna squash it. Lisa Marie, Kristen, Allyson said that you had said you didn't know how this cockroach had managed to make it into this last round again. I'm wanna smack that nose right off her face. You may not have been the biggest loser but tonight you are the biggest loser. Thank you so much, Allyson. Bitch, get your hands off of me. I'm gonna beat her ass in this competition and I'm gonna prove that you don't have to step on people to get to the top and win. I'm very confident that I can take her on and I can win. So, by putting jenessa in the finals with me, I'm very confident that I can take her on and I can win. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 I am in absolute shock. Allyson's really dumb for choosing me to be her final competition. I think she's really convinced herself that she's a competitor. Basically went through this looking at it from a competition standpoint. I am glad that you recognize that I'm a strong competitor and I think that that will make it even more interesting. Me and you just needed to just go head to head. I know I can do this and I'm gonna let her know what it feels like to get that close to something and then have your dreams ripped out from under you. Nothing personal. I wake up this morning and I cannot believe I'm in the final two. It's all reality to me right now. This is real and frankly I am just ready to get it on. Hi. How are you? How are you doing? Great. Thank you. I'm good, I'm good. Well. Well. This is it, huh? Yeah. You're down to it. You really nervous? Yeah. If I do go home, I still got my arms done. I got my teeth, I got my face, but I wanna win. I wanna win this more than ever and of course the last three surgeries by Dr. dubrow. This is big and I'm going to defy all odds of being a diabetic and I'm going to transform myself into being the best and most perfect bride that there can be. Let's take a look at this. Whoa, whoa, whoa, that is shrinking. Oh, it's so weird! It looks so skinny right there. Flex this a little bit, yeah. So I'm starting to slowly see with the procedures that I have had done I'm seeing my old me coming back. Okay, let me see your face for a second. Allyson the, uh, midwestern, Chicago, beer-drinking trucker bride, she's going home the winner. Yeah. Well, I wake up in the morning and I just wanna make sure I stay calm and confident throughout the day and I really wanna just get this show on the road. I'm looking at my bridal closet and I'm thinking, oh, my god, I could actually win everything in here. I'm a finalist in "bridalplasty" 'cause I've worked hard from day one. I knew immediately that this was a competition and I was gonna do whatever it took to get to the end. I really don't have any clue what to expect in the next challenge but I'm really shocked that Allyson chose me to be in the final two with her, because if you know anything about competition, you don't wanna go up against your strongest competition. So it's even more motivation to want to win tonight. Hey, girls. Hi, Shanna. The two of you should be very proud of yourselves but as you know there can only be one perfect bride. So tonight at the final ceremony you will face a "bridalplasty" group of experts that we like to call the bridal panel. They alone will decide which one of you will be the perfect bride. So when Shanna announces that we're gonna have a bridal panel I'm thinking that it may be all of the experts that we've met along the way. Isn't that fabulous? I think I'm definitely a stronger competitor than Allyson in a lot of the challenges that we've done. So I'm thinking I probably have an advantage over her in this. For the ceremony, each of you will need to prepare a speech that you will present to the bridal panel. My worst fears have possibly come true. Jenessa is very good at public - speaking. - I don't know what the I'm gonna do. The speech will contain all the reasons why you feel you are the most deserving and you should be the perfect bride. I'm gonna give you guys these notebooks and these pens and I will see you later at the bridal tent. Thank you, Shanna. All right, ladies, have a good night. All right, thanks, Shanna. So my strategy with my speech is just to make it something that people can relate to and also to incorporate the central theme of "bridalplasty" which is perfection. So we have to do this right now, here? Or...? I think we're gonna have some time to think about it. There's a lot riding on this speech right now and I really suck at writing. I'm hoping that I didn't make the wrong decision by taking jenessa with me into the finals. I'm just completely lost. I'm feeling at this point that jenessa just may win this. This just may break me because I can't figure out how to put anything in this book. I have a blank book. I don't have a speech. Well, this is the day that I've been fighting for since I walked into the house. I've done really well at all the challenges. I've used strategy to eliminate some of the competition, and it all comes down to one speech and I feel like I've hit a home run with it. I feel that I deserve to win this more than jenessa because I think I genuinely did things the right way in this house. It is a competition. I've had to send people home but I really don't feel that I really manipulated anyone to get to where I am. Good evening, ladies, and welcome to the "bridalplasty" finale. As you know, it all comes down to this. The winner of "bridalplasty" will win all the items in her "bridalplasty" closet and the last bride standing will not only complete her head-to-toe transformation, she will also get a celebrity-style dream wedding. You will now face the bridal panel and they alone will decide which one of you will become the perfect bride and ultimately have the perfect dream wedding. Earlier, I told you that the bridal panel consisted of "bridalplasty" experts. I'm so excited. And what better experts than the women who have been on this journey with you? Please welcome... Dominique. Cheyenne. - Kristen. - >> Oh,. This is not good. Lisa Marie. Netty. Alexandra. Let's welcome the last member of our bridal panel, Melissa. I was the reason that most of these girls went home so they're probably gonna wanna get revenge on me. Coming up... The time has come to address the bridal panel and tell them why you feel you should be the perfect bride. If I can convince these girls that Allyson is playing the victim card, maybe it'll take the heat off of me. I don't think you took it seriously, Allyson. I'm just gonna be honest. Can I just say that you are the biggest super I've ever met in my entire life. Okay, well, at least I'm honest about it. Allyson is just falling apart right now and all the girls can see it. Big mistake, Allyson. Earlier, I told you that the bridal panel consisted of "bridalplasty" experts, and what better experts than the women who have been on this journey with you? Allyson's probably loving it that the bridal panel was brought back because this is really the only chance she would have to beat me. Jenessa, Allyson, the time has come for you to address the bridal panel and tell them why you feel you should be the perfect bride. Allyson, let's start with you. Everything I have is riding on this speech right now. I'm not really good with putting my thoughts on paper. Not at all. I'm better with just saying what comes from my heart. So that might work in my favor. Okay. My life before "bridalplasty" was, to put it simply, almost hopeless. And I'm not talking about all the bills, my job loss, the finances, the wedding cancellations. I'm talking about my self-esteem. All I needed was someone that I barely knew, a few good women, and they helped me pull me out of this. I love myself again. Growing up, I never went to a homecoming. I never went to a prom. I never had anyone to take me. I never had anybody who wanted to take me. So I always felt that like my wedding would be my chance to be a princess. I wanted, for once, all eyes to be on me. I know I'm always going to be a princess to him. I just wanted that moment to feel like one. Thank you so much. Bravo. Jenessa, it is your turn. Well, it's come down to one speech, and I'm definitely gonna have to change the direction of my speech 'cause I thought we were gonna have real experts not brides that I already beat out of the competition. So I need to figure out how I'm gonna get any of these girls to vote for me. I am so thankful for the people that have helped me get here to the final two. I know that you're angry. I know that it would make you feel really good to put me in my place right now. It's a competition, Cheyenne. I know you hate me. It's okay, it's okay. You know, you can sit there and you can hate me and I'd probably hate me if I was in your shoes, too. And you know, Alexandra, you really, you had a good game there for a while. I think you had the better one as you fooled all these ladies here. Yeah, and I am happy for Allyson. I think she really needs to work on taking care of herself. I'm gonna be happy that I'm standing here because at the end of the day I came here to win. And I'm happy to have met all of you guys along the way. And I guess, thank you, guys. Thank you, jenessa. I am just really glad that I didn't play the game like jenessa. Master manipulation, it may get you to the top, but eventually it's gonna come back and bite you in the ass. I'm gonna open up the floor for you to ask some questions to jenessa and Allyson if you feel up to it. Anyone wanna start? I will. Okay, Cheyenne. Why'd you do what you did? If you don't know the answer just go like this. Why did you do that to me? Honestly, Cheyenne, I felt sick about it. It's s one of the worst decisions I made when I was here because I really feel like, out of anyone, you would probably be this person that I would stay in touch with. Would've been. Yes, I would've been. Yeah, and I don't expect you to forgive me. I don't. I won't. You embarrassed me after I was the only person, and you can ask any one of these girls sitting here, who would defend you to the ground no matter what they said about you. And you know what? It ended up being true. I did blatantly walk all over Cheyenne. If I had handled the challenge with Cheyenne a little differently, I probably could've had her vote. Allyson, how do you feel like winning the wedding would change your life? I feel like my life has already changed at this point. I think that the wedding, obviously it's gonna bring things that we're never gonna be able to afford. As far as talking about budget, we don't have one. There is no budget. They gave me an idea, well, if you had $2,000. Well, we don't have $2,000. If we had $2,000, our electric would be on right now. Allyson, please stop playing the victim card. I can't hear about how everything that's happened to you in your life is everybody else's fault. When the hell did I say anything was anybody else's fault? It's always been like this poor me, like I don't have a budget. Like Dominique doesn't have a budget either. She's gonna take out a loan. I hate to say this, I really do, and I think if I was sitting up here with someone else, I might not feel this way but I do feel like Allyson has played the victim card. You know, she got the lipo and she went back in the kitchen and ate hot pockets every night. And I don't think you took it seriously, Allyson. I'm just gonna be honest like. Can I just say that you are the biggest super I've ever met in my entire life. Okay, well, at least I'm honest about it 'cause I know. A hot pocket? A lean pocket. I'm sorry, I don't have diuretics in my purse and laxatives in my purse. Whatever. Don't go there. I eat. I'm healthy. You don't even know me. You never even got the chance to even know half the that I've been through. I've lost 11 pounds. Well, I've lost ten. Because you starve yourself. I do not starve myself. She has not worked out since you left, Alexandra. Because I had lipo. Dr. dubrow said I couldn't. So I may have a little bit of a chance 'cause Allyson is just falling apart right now and all the girls can see it. Big mistake, Allyson. Allyson, do you think that you made the right decision last night? No. No. I don't wanna make you upset. I just wanna hear why. That's all. I just felt because jenessa was the only person that I felt I had a conflict with in this house. That's Allyson that is. That is not what you said. She said I was her biggest competition and she wanted to take me down. Did you let me finish what the I'm saying? You're lying. Okay, you're not even worth my time. This game is not over yet. I'm done. Coming up... Allyson playing the victim card may have given me a little bit of an opportunity to win back some votes. You did what everybody else is jealous of. Congratulations, you are the winner of "bridalplasty." I'm so excited about this wedding today and I can't wait to see what she looks like in that wedding dress. So, as soon as I saw these girls coming in, I knew I was screwed, but Allyson playing the victim card may have given me a little bit of an opportunity to win back some votes. I strongly believe what goes around comes around, and if you keep stepping on people to get to the top, eventually you're gonna fall. But I lost my composure with jenessa for a second and I just hope that the panel doesn't hold that against me. Members of the panel, I will now call you forward. One by one you can address the brides and then sit at the table of the bride that you would most like to see win. Cheyenne, please step forward and reveal your rsvp. I'll start with Allyson. You have just shown that you have been a good person through and through and that's an admirable quality. Jenessa, you know you say this is a game and, you know, this is a competition and you know what? Nobody walked in here hoping to walk away with friends. We walked in here hoping to walk away with our wedding, but we didn't step on people to get to where we are. I'll walk out of here with dignity, respect from other people, and class. You'll walk away with nothing. So Cheyenne does sit at my table. This is the first vote and it went in my direction and I've never been so relieved in my life. Melissa, please come forward and reveal who you think should be the perfect bride. Congratulations to the both of you. I really have nothing to say to you guys. However, I do have something to say to the girls sitting behind me. So I'm gonna be a little different and speak to you. Jenessa's a genius. Interesting. Like Cheyenne said, we walked in here knowing we wanted to win the wedding, we wanted to win the plastic surgery, not to make friends. It's not that she did it in a sheisty manner. She never said anything foul about any person in the house. I pick this person because you did what everybody else is jealous of. Maybe we walked in here and forgot what we were here for, but you didn't. Melissa reminded everyone that this is a competition because some of these girls seem to forget that since they didn't win the competition. My only hope is that some of the girls will appreciate how hard I worked to get here. Well, Kristen, please come forward and address the brides and reveal your rsvp. Allyson, I am so proud of you. Do I think that I'm surprised at the fact that you're in the top two? Yeah. I'm like I'm shocked. I mean, truthfully, did I think you were gonna be here? Absolutely not. But am I glad you are? Yes. Would I rather be in your position? Oh, yeah. Okay, jenessa, I tried to play the game like you did and I couldn't do it. Like I just, I just didn't have it in me. You're bitter, you're mean, you're rude. I have nothing good to say to you. You just, you just... I'm sorry, Kristen, you, you're the one that seems a little bitter right now. That's fine. Go home, bitch. Just like you already did, right? Well, Kristen sits at Allyson's table, and I'm not surprised at all 'cause we've never gotten along and I haven't liked her since day one. Netty. Jenessa, until I met you I didn't know people like you really existed. You're a snake. You're a manipulating bitch. I don't know how anybody could ever dream of a friendship or any sort of a relationship with you and, uh, we all know where I'm sitting. I only need one more vote to win this whole competition and there's three girls left. There's a good chance that I just might win this. Dominique. I love Dominique and I'm so glad that I made the choice in the beginning to form an alliance with her. So I'm pretty sure I'm gonna get her vote. Allyson, I'm not gonna lie, you hurt me a little last night but I know why, like I understand. I just wish you would've seen a little bit why I deserve to be sitting here. The only thing I have to say is that it would be easy to sit with you. I just, I got so focused on winning a dream wedding that I just lost sight of things. Jenessa has been close with me. I know that no matter what, you were there for me and I know you guys don't agree. Thank god Dominique sat at my table. We've been through this whole competition together and I'm really glad she didn't turn her back on me in the end. I actually might have a chance here. Alexandra, please step forward and reveal your rsvp. If Alexandra sits at my table I win. If she sits at jenessa's table it's tied and then it will come down to Lisa Marie and, god, I don't even know what direction she would go in. I definitely played Alexandra that last day, but I think she's kind of emotional so I think that it could really go either way. Allyson, you're weird. When you said your speech, I literally was crying because you have grown as a person. Like I didn't know that this show could do that. But... I mean, it's like who really deserves to win? Jenessa, you played the game well and it... sorry to say... but it is a competition and I don't knock your hustle. But what you did to me was grimy. You are very fake and I understand why. You wanted to win the wedding. But at the same time, jenessa, you went about it in a very - grimy, fake-ass manner. - You hurt people. You tried to turn all these girls on me. I had genuine friendships with them. Oh, my god. Are you kidding me? Karma is a bitch and so are you. So shut the up and I'm glad you ain't winning this wedding. Bitch. I'm sorry but you are a bitch. Allyson. Congratulations, you are the winner of "bridalplasty." Congratulations. You did it. You did it, you did it. You won. Please come up here and accept this bouquet. Congratulations, sweetie. I have won "bridalplasty." I am the top bride. I am taking it all and I'm going to Fiji! Why don't you ladies come down here and congratulate her now, properly. This is a dream come true for me. I am not the bad-luck bride anymore. I'm finally gonna get my princess moment and I just can't wait for John to see me. Good for you. So the next time we see you, Allyson, you will be the perfect bride. Congratulations. I'm so happy for you. Thank you, everybody. Go, girl, go. Bye, everybody. Coming up... Okay, so here's what we're gonna do. We're gonna kick your butt with the weights. The working out that I am doing is intense, but my body needed a kick-start. I think you're really ready to do this final stage to make you the best bride you can be. When I do finally get to see John, it's all gonna be worth it. It's been less than a week since Allyson has become the perfect bride and has left the "bridalplasty" house. She will remain in Los Angeles for three more months without seeing her family as she begins all the preparations for her big day. Hi. Hello. How are you? How are you doing? Now that I am the winner of "bridalplasty," there is so much that I have to do before my big day and at the same time getting in the gym and really getting at it. Today I'm going to meet with my wedding planner, Jessica. And she is going to help me start planning my perfect wedding. You know, we really try to help you design an event that incorporates who you guys are. Who really, when somebody attends your wedding, says that is so them. I'll tell you right now I am not traditional. I am very modern and me and my fiance, we like the whole rock-star thing. Ooh, love it. Bold colors, but at the same time, bling. Bling, that's important. I love bling. Bling and bold colors. Love it. All right, let's get started on planning your perfect wedding. Awesome. - I can't wait. - Planning the wedding isn't all Allyson has on her plate. She also has to start a strict regimen of diet and exercise before she can undergo the remaining surgeries on her wish list. Okay, so here's what we're gonna do. We're gonna kick your butt with the weights. Um, you're gonna be doing some circuit training. Let's roll. Five, four, three, two. The working out that I am doing is intense, but my body needed a kick-start. I'm going to have my wedding flowers designed by Kevin Lee. I like big and bold and I'm telling you, I love this purple. Oh, oh. Keep it going. Come on, come on. Welcome to Hansen's cakes. Patrick Hansen with Hansen's cakes got it on. Oh, my god! That's it, that's it. No, a little higher. Up here, up here. Come on. When you wear the two rings together, it will look like one ring. It'll be flush. That's pretty. I feel like it's more Hollywood than bride. She is just not a lace girl for me. Oh, my god, this is - the dress! - Yeah, this is definitely the dress. Jessica is taking me to my wedding venue, and I am just completely excited at this point. I have no idea what she has in store for me, but I know by her reputation, it's gotta be huge. Oh, my. Coming up... Liposuction done. - Now onto the rest of it. - This is when I get gray hair right here. Yeah. This day finally came and it's here, and John is finally going to see me and I just can't wait to show him what I worked so hard for. Oh, my god. What do you think? Oh, my god. Okay, first of all I want you to imagine your guests and what they see when they... Are you gonna cry? Don't, I'm gonna cry. Don't cry. Oh, my god. Is this unbelievable or what? Seeing the flowers, trying on that ring and actually standing over a cliff and looking at the ocean? It's really not a dream anymore. It's happening and I just can't wait for that day. It's now two months before Allyson's big day and it's time for her to undergo her final surgeries. So Allyson, we have obviously been through a lot together already, okay? And you've been working really hard and done an amazing job to get your diabetes in a situation where we can do the final stages of the procedure and so we're gonna do this together with Dr. mess, Dr. worth and I in this state that you're in right now which is sort of your best medical condition you've ever been in in your life, wouldn't you say? Yes, I'd like to think that. I've never felt this great before. I can't imagine my life without working out right now. Thus far I've lost like 15 pounds in the gym so I'm ready for the surgeries on my wish list. It's like I'm a whole new person and my health has just done a complete 360. I think you're really ready to do this final stage to make you the best bride you can be which is pretty awesome. We are excited. I get to do a breast lift and do liposuction of the love-handle area. Sheri. I get to put all the teeth in and finish up her implants. She's come so far and she really deserves this amazing final stage. So I'm, I'm really happy for her and I'm actually really proud of her. What's up, honey? Hi. It's been over two months since I've last seen John and it's going to be a couple more months before I see him again. Uh, about to go under for surgery. It's a little overwhelming. It's a little depressing. Yeah, I'm just really nervous. Mm-hmm. You think I'd be used to this by now. When I do finally get to see John, Mason, my friends, my family... I love you. All right, bye. It's all gonna be worth it. Let's do some lipo. Here are the liposuction cannulas. We'll start with a bigger one. You can see this beautiful golden fat that's coming out. Very clean, no blood. Up, we're suctioning the dragon. It's gonna be a smaller dragon. Okay, I think we've taken as much as we can take. Okay, liposuction done. Now onto the rest of it. Let's do this breast lift. We're cutting into the breast skin so that we can relocate the areola and the nipple into - a higher position. - Hello? It's Dr. worth, hello. How are the boobs going? The breasts are going really well. Great. This is when I get gray hair right here. Once they're on, they're on. Once they're on, they're on. Isn't that cool that we can do mouth and breast at the same time? At the same time. Boobs and teeth. Staple. Okay, good. Her breasts are in a position where she wanted them. They're nice and high. The nipples are far above the crease and, uh, I'm really pleased with the way they look. They look fabulous. Sheri, I think I'm done. Are you done? I'm just finished. We've got all of her teeth in. Oh, good, fantastic. Allyson, relax for me. Surgery's done, okay? So we're gonna put your head up in one second. Just relax for a sec. What's bothering you? Allyson, what's the matter? Yeah. Coming up... Hey, guys. - >> Hey. - I've worked so hard for this, and this day finally came. It has been totally worth it. Oh, my god! Seeing Allyson walk down the aisle, I'm gonna be the happiest I've been in a really long time and I can't wait to see her. Wow. Oh, my god. Allyson, what's the matter? Yeah. Ice chips. Ice chips, okay. That's good if that's the only thing that's bothering you, okay? Yeah. Allyson, how are you? Hey, I know you're in pain. I know that was a lot to go through, but it's over. This is exactly what she wanted so we gave it to her. She's gonna be an amazing- looking bride and, and she just has to heal now and continue doing what she's been doing. I can't wait to see you at your wedding in your wedding dress with everything looking really great. I've worked so hard for this and this day finally came and it's here and I'm telling you I'm more nervous than I would've been at either of my previous weddings that I had scheduled. But it has been totally worth it. I've been away from Allyson about four months. I have no idea what Allyson's gonna look like, but I'm sure she's gonna be really beautiful. Matt? I didn't wanna be overweight marrying some hot-ass girl so I lost about 33 pounds and I can't wait to see her. Let's drink to John and Allyson. Let's have a great night. You know we will. This is just so gorgeous. Just kidding. Hi, how are you? Cheyenne and I obviously at the end of the competition did not like each other, but we decided, you know, it was a game. It was a competition. So I apologized to her and we decided that there's really no reason why we shouldn't be friends. Hey, guys! Hi! I'm so excited about this wedding today. I couldn't be happier for Allyson. The right person won it and I can't wait to see what she looks like in that wedding dress. He is the reason why I have these. Oh, fabulous. When I finally fix all my skin, I'll be coming to you. When you're ready, I'll take you. I'll give you a call, Dr. dubrow. Are you ready for this? I don't know, I'm like getting all nervous. It's not even my wedding. I'm like nervous for her. I'm like oh, my god, she's gonna see John! I cannot wait to see Allyson to see if she lost weight, what wedding dress she ended up picking out, talking to her about her experience and what she went through. I think it's gonna be a lot of fun. Hey! How are you doing? It had to be just one person. And of course, I wanted it to be me but it's Allyson and you know what, she deserves it. It's gorgeous. - >> Oh, my god. - What do you think? You look, you look beautiful. My god. Come here and give me a hug. Oh, I am so. Oh, god, you look beautiful. I missed you so much. When I saw Allyson, I was really surprised. She just looks beautiful. I can't believe it. Where did it all go? Told ya. She looked so happy. Her whole attitude has changed. Before, she wasn't that happy of a person. I'm gonna give you grandma's ring. It's diamond and Ruby ring from the 1940s and I want you to have it for your wedding day. Oh, my god. Will you wear it for me? Forever? Yes. Oh, thank you. I love you so much. Oh, here I am. I am so excited to be here today. Gosh, when I first met Allyson she was pretty rough around the edges. So I'm really looking forward to seeing her big reveal. Of course I'm picturing in my head what it would've looked like if all my family was here. So it was a little difficult knowing that I was so close to winning the whole thing. When I got engaged to Allyson I had no idea she'd be gone for four months. So seeing Allyson walk down the aisle, I'm gonna be the happiest I've been in a really long time. Oh, my god! Oh, my goodness. Like she looks phenomenal. Just a total dream come true. Look at her. I couldn't believe how much weight she had lost. She looks gorgeous. Oh, my god, Allyson. Her waist is like this big now. Oh, my gosh. Oh, my god. I'm walking down the aisle with my father and I'm realizing that this journey has come to an end and John is finally going to see me. I lost 35 pounds and I just can't wait to show him what I worked so hard for. Who presents the bride today in marriage? I do. If you would please be seated. Ladies and gentlemen, in a usual wedding the groom would lift our bride's veil at the end. Due to the fact that Allyson, our bride, has not seen John, her groom, nor has she seen any of you for several months, I thought it only appropriate that we truly give her her moment. Allyson, would you please do us the honor? Let us finally see the beautiful bride. Wow. My god. Allyson, would you please do us the honor, let us finally see the beautiful bride. I couldn't believe how beautiful she looked. The biggest thing that made her beautiful is her smile and how pretty her teeth looked. I'm extremely happy to be marrying her at this moment. Seeing Allyson in her wedding gown just reminded me of that first day in the house. There are some things that are just not meant to be shown. Allyson is completely different. Not only looks-wise, but I can really see how much confidence that she has compared to when I first met her in the house. I'm so proud of her. It's emotional to see all the hard work that she actually put into it pay off. If you would now please join hands. Please repeat after me. I, John... I, John. I, Allyson. Take you, Allyson... Take you, John... To be my wife. To be my husband... To have and to hold... To have and to hold... From this day forward... From this day forward... For better, for worse... For richer, for poorer... In sickness and in health... To love and to cherish for as long as we both shall live. I now pronounce you as husband and wife. And you may kiss the bride. We have been away from each other for four months, and we just flat-out made it dirty. Yeah, making out. Making out. Whoo-hoo! I love you guys. I love you guys. Lisa Marie's already drunk. I cannot believe I'm married right now. Sparkle! Happy Allyson. Sparkle. Say cheese. We're looking like each other did the day we met. And it's like I'm looking at the man I fell in love with all over again but I just got better teeth now. Please welcome for the first time as husband and wife. Put your hands together for Mr. and Mrs. mcauliffe. Growing up I didn't really go to dances or do any of that stuff so this literally was like my princess moment. All eyes were on me and I know that I look good. I think that's the first time we ever danced together. Never slow-danced. Yeah, you're right. It is. This whole wedding is a dream come true. From the cake cutting to the bouquet toss. The garter toss. Oh, my god, you are so beautiful! For a long time there, we had nothing but bad luck and when I left for this show, I had no hope. Wow. You know, right there and right there you just look like a truck driver in a gown, girl. I didn't have very much faith in myself. And it took being in the bottom to see that. This person I chose tonight I feel deserves a second chance and I believe that this person will go far. Three, two, one. I think it's best to give it to Allyson. Well, congratulations, Allyson. You're not the bad-luck bride anymore. Allyson and John, you are our winning team, and Allyson you will be in the finale. Allyson! You are the winner of "bridalplasty." Congratulations. It took months and months of planning this whole shebang. And then within a flash, it's gone. I'm ready to go home and just take life head on. I love you very much. Love you, too. Married. I know. About time. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 