Bridalplasty: Season 1, Episode 8 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Bridalplasty 
 s1e8 - Episode #1.8 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Bridalplasty (2010–…): Season 1, Episode 8 - Episode #1.8 - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Previously on "bridalplasty"... Why don't we bring in one of our special guests? This is Kristen's future mother-in-law. Lisa Marie's future mother-in-law. Smile, man. I'm gonna win this challenge, there's no way I'm leaving this house without a surgery. Dominique and Bernadette, you have won the "bridalplasty" family challenge. You are once again our top bride. Dominique is an incredible candidate for veneers. Okay, you're gonna be a smokin' hot bride. Unfortunately, Lisa Marie and 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Kristen, you are now both at risk of being sent home. I'm friends with both girls so I have a hard decision. I'm so happy because if I'm going home tonight, at least I have one good friend that stuck by my side. Allyson, the fate of Lisa Marie and Kristen is now in your hands. I chose the person that I chose because I don't want to be down in the dumps, and I'm so sorry. Kristen, I would actually like to take this opportunity to lay something out. It's really important for me to let Kristen know that Allyson's talking behind her back. Allyson said she was very upset with you because you had said, you didn't know how this cockroach had managed to make it into this last round again. Jenessa's selling me out in 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 front of everybody at the elimination, trying to make herself look better. Now I see her true colors. Now I see the snake in the grass. Now I found it. Now I found it. Now I just need to squash it. So I wake up and I'm really stressed out. Lisa Marie's left the house so I've lost a vote, and I know I'm gonna have to compete in the next challenge and it's my first challenge back from surgery. So I'm feeling really anxious. Hi, Dr. dubrow. How are you? Good, how are you? Good. Well, your swelling's come down a lot, huh? Uh-huh. Today we take it out. We take the splints out, we take the splint off, we look at it a little bit, and we tape it up before it... Okay? All right. There, that's one. I feel so vulnerable and so weak. I can't control the voting in the house. I can't control my pain. I can't control the next challenge. I can't even control how I compete because I just had surgery. I feel really defeated and out of control. How about a little break, yeah? I know that you're not supposed to get violent with anybody, but I'm like I wanna smack that nose right off her face right now. Jenessa just wants to step on everybody just so she ends up in the finals. There's a snake in the grass and I found it and now I'm gonna squash it. I want her to apologize for it. I want her to realize that she did something wrong. She's been trying to get rid of me since day one. As long as the two out of the three of us can kick ass today. Uh-huh. She, she frickin' needs a good kick in the ass. We really need to beat jenessa in this next challenge, because it's time for her to go home. Game on, jenessa. It's my turn to play the game. What's the matter? I don't want, like... Cheyenne is so homesick. She really misses her fiance, which I can relate... I do, too... But I think it's on a different level. It's like I'm not used to it. It's very hard being away from Scott. When I go to bed at night, I don't wanna be going to bed alone, I wanna be with him, and it's hard. I just miss home. I feel like I wanna come home. You know? I don't care anymore. Cheyenne has definitely shown me a side of her that I'm not really used to. I've never threatened to go home. I don't wanna go home. I wanna see bj so badly, but he knows that our life is on pause right now for me to go after something that we've been dreaming about since we were young. Why don't you want me? No, babe. What are you talking about? I've never done them. That's why you love me. Hey, ladies! Come meet me in the living room. Oh, there's the dreaded Shanna call. Okay, my heart just went straight from my heart cavity to my rear end. I'd like to introduce you to a very special guest. This is Shannon fox, and she is a celebrity relationship expert. Hi. Hi. She has been on "the Tyra banks show," CNN. Nice. And I also have another surprise for you today. They're a very famous celebrity couple, so let's introduce adrianne curry... Oh, my gosh. - >> And Christopher knight. - You know, everybody always says, how's the married life? - >> Me, me, me, me, me, me. - We go to counseling twice a week and we fight at least three times a week. I don't wanna catch your worm. Married life is fabulous. Oh, I'm so excited to see adrianne curry. We have her "playboy" cover like hanging up in my bathroom. So I have all her issues actually. I love that girl. Hello, ladies. Hi. Now, this is one of the most honest couples I know. That's what we're told. Honesty in relationships is, uh, incredibly difficult. Especially when dealing with a man, because it's their natural tendency to be completely dishonest. Yes. Well, you know what, guys? Why don't we bring in some more special guests, to get the conversation going, yeah? Sure, bring it on. Everyone, this is Kristen's fiance, Brandon. Hi. I wanna attack you. Oh, my god. I just wanna, just smell him, I love him, he's my everything. To have him this close after so long, it means the world to me. I know you're blindfolded, but did you feel a difference? Uh-huh. Yes, squishy. From when I saw her last, there's a big increase from what it is now. So I'm absolutely eager to see Kristen's boobs. He must remain blindfolded because the bride that does win is not gonna see their fiance until the actual wedding. Well, these blindfolds are a bit erotic. This is jenessa's fiance, lj. Hi, baby. Hey, baby. I really wanna see jenessa. I mean, it's been a month. I just wanna talk to her, hold her hand, see her. Maybe get some pecks. Go get him. Kisses here and there. Hi, baby. Jenessa just does not seem very thrilled to see him. She doesn't even really have an emotion. She's just kind of like, hey, kinda sad you're here. Weird. Everyone, this is Allyson's fiance, Jonathan. I'm feeling really excited to see her obviously. 'Cause I haven't seen her in over a month and I miss her. Oh, my god, I'm instantly like brought to tears. I just wanted to hug him and I didn't wanna let go. Dominique's fiance, Kevin. Hi. Oh, baby. I really just wanted to rip the blindfold off his face. Oh, honey. I'm just so excited he's here. This is Cheyenne's fiance Scott. Oh, my baby. I haven't seen Cheyenne in a long time. I have a lot of nerves going on. Scott walks through the door and immediately like my heart drops. He's my best friend. It doesn't feel the same without him. Is this the longest that you two have been apart? Do you miss her? Yes, yes. We've never been, we've never spent any time apart. We haven't even had a night apart. I miss Cheyenne a lot. Wow, that's amazing. I'm like, get the hell away from me. Go, go. Well, Shannon, now that everybody is here, I think we can get down to business. Because there's some serious issues that need to be addressed. Oh, my god. Serious issues? This cannot be good. Coming up... That's right, ladies, he is a polygraph expert. All right, John, is there any advice you'd like to give to our teams? If you lie, I'll know it instantly. Have you ever had any hesitations about getting married to Scott? No. Does your mom wish you were marrying one of your exes instead of Kristen? No. Jenessa, are you satisfied with your sex life? Well, Shannon, now that everybody is here, I think we can get down to business, because there's some serious issues that need to be addressed. Shannon, why don't you take it away? Honesty is one of the most crucial aspects of a marriage. It really creates the foundation of a healthy marriage, and when you lie to your partner, you're really headed for destruction. Bj and I have an incredibly open and honest relationship. We know all of each other's secrets, and the ones we don't wanna know, we leave be. The few times that our relationship has almost ended is because my husband was not honest with me. I just had some stuff that I just didn't think was important to share, you know. Phone calls with exes. We don't have those problems anymore. No, they've been beat out of me. Well, ladies, there are some specific expectations that you gotta talk about before you get married. Money. Big, big one. The number one cause of divorce. Chores. Everybody laughs but this, once you get married, it really can become one of biggest things that you argue about on a daily basis. Sex, you gotta talk about it, not just do it. Actually talk about it and be honest. Allyson, what about you? Have you guys discussed, you know, some of those issues? We're pretty honest with each other. I mean, we openly trust each other. Maybe I've faked an orgasm or two. Whatever. Okay, how about you jenessa? I think we have a little bit of what adrianne was talking about, the lying with omission. Lj's good at that one. 'Cause he thinks that it won't - make me mad if I don't know it. - Yes, I have a feeling that jenessa can be pretty controlling in her relationship. They're probably the opposite of me and John. Well, Cheyenne, you guys seem very connected and close. I, me and Scott really don't keep anything from one another. I mean, we have passwords to every account possible. I would love to have all the passwords. I think Cheyenne and Scott know each other pretty well, but the truth is nobody has a perfect relationship. Let's talk about sex. Men, their major desire in sex is to please their woman. So you're tellin' him how to do that, then great. And if you're sittin' there telling them they're doing a good job and they're really not, they're gonna keep doing the same thing. Chris, adrianne, any last words of advice you can give the young couples? I think you're single until you're married, but now you're a couple. Anything that goes on after that needs to be shared. Guys, I've learned that you shut the door to the bathroom. Yeah, no, keep, keep mystery. Shannon, Chris, adrianne, thank you guys so much for coming and opening up and giving such great advice to these young couples. Oh, you're very welcome. Good luck, all. Enjoy your really awkward moments with each other. Adrianne and Christopher are great because they're really honest about their struggles, where I think there's a lot of couples in the house that wanna make it seem like they have the perfect relationship. All right, ladies, well, it is now time for your next "bridalplasty" challenge. Today's challenge is one of the most important that you've had yet, and I've told you that the stakes are gonna get higher and higher, because the last bride standing, the final bride will not only get one of the plastic surgeries off her wish list, but today's top bride will win a spot in the finale. So this is a big one. Why wouldn't I wanna win at this point? If you win, you're guaranteed a spot in the finale. That's one step closer to getting your dream. Today we're gonna put you both to the test and we're gonna see how open and honest you really are with each other. So I have another surprise guest. This is someone that I'd like to introduce you to. His name is John grogan, and he is a world-renowned polygraph expert. That's right, ladies. You and your fiance are going to be taking a lie detector test. Oh, my god, when Shanna introduces lie detector John, I'm like, you flew him from new jersey, you blindfolded him, and now you're gonna hook him up to a lie detector test? This is definitely not what Scott signed up for. John is gonna hook both you and your fiance up, and he's gonna ask you a ten questions each. The couple with the lowest number of lies wins. The two couples who tell the most lies will become our bottom brides. I'm a really honest person and when I talk about someone behind their back, I'll tell it to their face. So we have to do well on this challenge. Because bj and I have an incredibly open and honest relationship. Now, while you guys are answering your questions, the rest of the group will be watching right here on this screen. Dominique, this is your lucky day. Since you just had surgery, you are on medical leave this week and don't have to compete in this challenge. You lucky bastard. I feel if that if I took the lie detector test, I would've won anyway. We tell each other a lot of things and, she knows a lot about me and everything, so I'm not worried about it. All right, John, is there any advice you'd like to give to our teams? If you lie, I'll know it instantly. Cheyenne and Scott, we're gonna send you both off with John. Come with me. Okay. He doesn't know where he's going. Don't forget me. He'll be here. Okay. Come here, turn around. Sit. Jeez. Is it metal? I'm gonna wire you up. You'll do your best if you answer everything "yes" or "no" with just your mouth. Not shaking your head. I'm very nervous sitting there, 'cause we're the first ones to go, I have all these things all over me, and my fiance's next to me blindfolded, and I'm definitely hoping my nerves don't affect the test because my stomach's like all funny. We're about ready to begin. Okay. Cheyenne. Have you ever had any hesitations about getting married to Scott? No. Scott, do you think Cheyenne should help out more around the house? Yes. Cheyenne, do you think Scott holds you back from getting to go out and party more? No. Scott, do you like your mother-in-law? Yes. I don't know what's going on. Cheyenne, do you think that Scott is a pushover? No. Scott, does Cheyenne have a shopping problem? Wow. Yes. I mean, it's not a problem, though. Like I'm a girl, like he's just a boy and he's never had sisters so he doesn't understand. Thumbs up is priceless. Cheyenne, do you think you should have to do your own laundry? Yes. She knows she doesn't wanna do any laundry. I was so nervous sitting there. It was a lot harder to answer the questions than I thought it was gonna be but Scott's my best friend. We tell each other everything. So I think we're gonna be okay. All right, Allyson, I know you're dying to go, so head off with John. I'm a little nervous for John, because I really think that John feels he doesn't wanna hurt my feelings. But I'm trying to tell him just lay it out. We'll work on it later. Oh, my god, do I wanna win this. Allyson, do you think your fiance is contributing enough financially? No. John, do you think Allyson could work harder at losing weight? Yes. Allyson, are you satisfied with your sex life? No. It didn't used to be. See, that's a trick question. With us, it's now. Yeah, it sucks. Before, no. It was great, thumbs up. Allyson, do you wish your engagement ring were bigger? Yes. I'm really nervous that I'm not seeing more thumbs down on John and Allyson. John, do you think your fiance is lazy? No. Allyson, do you sneak food when no one is looking? Yes. John, are you jealous of any of your partner's exes? No. So the lie detector test is done, and I look over at John. He can't look back at me, but, I think that we may have nailed this. So just waiting to see what the results are. Kristen and Brandon, why don't you head out with John? At this point, Cheyenne has the worst score. Bj and I have never had anything to hide from each other, but I'm shaking, my heart's racing. What if I say the correct answer to something and he tells me it's a lie? This sucks. Kristen, are you jealous of his ex-girlfriend? Yes. Brandon, do you think Kristen will be a good mom? Yes. Kristen, do you think your fiance makes enough money? Yes. Brandon, does your mom wish you were marrying one of your exes instead of Kristen? No. Kristen, do you think your mother-in-law is too involved in his life? No. Brandon, are you satisfied with your sex life? No. Bj saying he's not satisfied with our sex life was kind of a shock. I just kinda like wanted to whip my head and be like, what am I doing wrong? Kristen, do you like your mother-in-law? Yes. Mm-hmm. I'm like, what am I doing wrong? Do I need to get on top more? I'm thinking bj and I probably did really well. Like we had to of done well. We were honest and I know this. Because bj was honest about things that maybe we haven't shared yet with each other. All right, jenessa and lj, you are up next and you can go with John. I have a feeling that jenessa is gonna do pretty strong in this one. I mean, the girl's got no emotions. She's like a Stepford wife. Just answer yes or no with your mouth only. Any movement you make can cause a false reading. I really have a shot to win here. All I have to do is beat Allyson's two lies and I have a chance to be top bride. Coming up... Jenessa, are you satisfied with your sex life? Jenessa, do you think you are smarter than your fiance? So I know I'm probably gonna hurt lj's feelings, but I can't lie. Yes. You both are bottom brides. And of course, you are now at risk of being sent home. All right, jenessa and lj, you are up next and you can go - with John. - So we haven't got the scores from the lie detector test, but if I counted right, Allyson and John have only missed two, so hopefully lj and I can beat that. Jenessa, do you manipulate your fiance? No. So I definitely don't think I manipulate lj. I negotiate with him. Jenessa, are you jealous of any of your partner's exes? No. Lj, would you have asked jenessa to marry you had she not given you an ultimatum? Yes. Jenessa, do you think you are smarter than your fiance? Yes. Lj, do you approve of the way your partner spends money? Yes. I'm feeling really good at this point, because I'm thinking I have a really good chance of winning this. Jenessa, are you satisfied with your sex life? No. So I know I'm probably gonna hurt lj's feelings when I say that I'm not happy with my sex life. But I really wanna win top bride so I can't lie. Okay, everyone, I'm gonna give you the scores. Allyson and John, with two lies you are our winning team, and Allyson, you know what that makes you, right? It makes you our top bride and you will be in the finale. Good job, Allyson. Now it's like a 50/50 shot, I am one of two people that are gonna walk away with the perfect wedding. And to think that my Mr. bad luck guy helped me. So I guess he's really not Mr. bad luck guy anymore. Jenessa, you and lj got three lies. You and lj are safe. Cheyenne, you scored five lies. Kristen, you and your fiance got four lies, and that unfortunately makes you both our bottom brides. And of course, you are now at risk of being sent home. I can't believe I'm a bottom bride. I thought I was answering the questions truthfully, but maybe I just wasn't being honest with myself. Okay, gang, the rest of you have a very important decision to make. I'll be giving each of you an rsvp card. You will have the day to figure out which one of the bottom brides you would most like to see stay. Great. I'm in the bottom, and Allyson's top bride, so of course I lost her vote. My chance of getting rid of jenessa, totally down the toilet. And on top of all that, I have to fight against my best friend just to stay in this house. And ladies, unfortunately, it is now time to say goodbye to your fiances. Don't do that to us. That's awful. Love you. I love you so much. I'm very disappointed at not being able to spend more time with her. Maybe like couple, ten more minutes or so would have been better, you know, but it is what it is, right? I miss Scott a lot. Really, a lot. It's hard. I just love him so much, and like I'm not used to being away from him. Sad. Bye. Well, Allyson, as our top bride, you will be leaving immediately. Go get those teeth, girl. Get going and pack your bag. I've had horrible, horrible teeth problems my entire life. I've just never been able to afford all the dental work that I need. Now I have my chance to get my - teeth. - Dominique, jenessa, the two of you will figure out who you'll be voting for, Kristen or Cheyenne. I can't believe I was worried about this challenge. I really hate to see Allyson win, but at least Kristen's in the bottom. But I still have one more surprise. Oh-ho. When you get married, there's a modern tradition of the groom getting a gift. So movado has graciously given us these gorgeous watches to put in your bridal closets. That's awesome. I can't believe that we're getting to add a movado watch to our bridal closet, because lj has been trying negotiate me buying him a watch since we got engaged. It's definitely motivating to see everything that's in our bridal closet 'cause I never thought that we'd be getting all of this stuff. Yeah. This is absolutely the worst case scenario I could have ever nightmared. I'm gonna go home over one of my best friends, but at the same time, I'm gonna go home over somebody who doesn't really wanna be here. You just gotta try. Try what? Try your hardest. Stop. You act like you're definitely going home. I am, Cheyenne, face it. Dominique I feel like, likes you a lot. Maybe. Cheyenne has a point. I think Dominique does like me. I have never expressed that I wanna go home. Maybe I have a chance at convincing Dominique to vote for me. I would never persuade or wish you to go home. And same here. Well, I know, and that's what I mean. That's why I'm not gonna talk, I'm not gonna say any reason why I deserve it, I'm not gonna say any. No, I know that. 'Cause I don't think I deserve it more than you do. I think we both deserve it the same, so. I want to be here. That's my best bet, and I can only hope that they see that. Coming up... I've never slipped up and said I don't wanna be here. 'Cause like who wants to go home over somebody that said they wanted to go home? And later... Oh, my god! I'm totally jealous of Allyson. I would kill to have new teeth. Hi, Allyson. Hey! I'm Dr. sherri worth. So nice to meet you. So one of your main concerns obviously was your teeth, correct? Yes. Okay. My big problem is, I have missing teeth. They're broken off. I've had root canals on them and then couldn't afford to, obviously, purchase the crowns for them. What we do, we fix everything that you have in your mouth and make that healthy and get it looking good. To be able to chew without spaces in my mouth would be great 'cause I know I'll never be able to afford a bridge or implants or anything like that, so. Well, let's take some x-rays and see what's going on. We can go from there. Okay. Okay, great. I don't wanna be that person to say anything badly about my friends. Well, I don't think you should have to say anything badly about, you know, Cheyenne. How am I supposed to sell myself to you guys without having to say, "well, look at this and that," you know? I mean, was there anything that you were thinking of, or you just don't wanna say? Um, the only thing I have to say is like, I've never slipped up said I don't wanna be here. Is it about her being like, oh, you know, I wanna go home, kind of a thing? Yeah, that part does bother me. Dominique's been around for all of these hissy fits that Cheyenne has had. Why would you keep someone around like that? 'Cause like who wants to go home over somebody that said they wanted to go home, you know? I don't know who to vote for, Cheyenne or Kristen. I have reasons to vote for both to keep in the house and I just don't know who to vote for. So today I'd like to clean everything up. Take as much of this decay out of your mouth as I can, hopefully all of it. And especially as a diabetic, sweetie, you know that you have to keep the infection out, okay? Mm-hmm. So this is gonna help you a lot. Yeah. Because you've been walking around for I don't know how many years with abscesses all up in these teeth. Allyson will need to go under iv sedation because the decay and the abscess and the infection in her mouth is so great. So today she'll leave with beautiful temporaries on her teeth. But more importantly for her, we're gonna get rid of a lot of the infection that's in her mouth. If I was her, this would be my bridal dream. She has some very serious dental issues that we're gonna help her out with today. These teeth are just mush in here. - Look at this. - Uh-huh, yep. Here's one tooth. There's another one. And these teeth are basically falling out in my hands, they're so infected. I'm just removing all of her old bonding and decay that's underneath the bonding, and, um, boy, is it a mess. This is gonna be just a great service that we can provide for her to get her mouth healthy with her diabetes. Yeah, see here's an old crown. And there's so much decay in her tooth some of her tooth came out - with it. - Open real big. That's great. Okay, this looks awesome. Are you ready to see this? Take a look at that. My god. Isn't that wild? She is night-and-day different. Her whole face looks different, and I think she's very excited about the transformation. So these are the temporary things? These are the temporaries and as I said before, what we do is we kind of sculpt these to try to give you an idea of what we're gonna get to with the final. I got new teeth. Ding. It's pretty amazing, huh? It feels amazing to have new teeth right now. It's probably one of the most over-emotional things for me, because I would not have been able to afford getting my teeth fixed. Now I'm happy to smile. You never know with Cheyenne. She may pull through. I never thought she was like gung-ho, like, yeah, I'm doing this, but she has done it without breaking a sweat, which makes me nervous. You know what I mean? I would like to come to a decision together with jenessa, but with Kristen and Cheyenne, we kind of have conflicting ideas. So I hope jenessa and I can get on the same page about who we want to stay in the house. And I'm like, would I be happy if she won? Hmm, no. I love Dominique and I'm so glad that I made the choice in the beginning to form an alliance with her, but I need her on my side because we don't wanna leave this vote in Allyson's hands. Coming up... So the only leg I have to stand on is that Cheyenne gets homesick. Obviously I get homesick. I'm across the country. I didn't say anything about you. I didn't realize Cheyenne was gonna get so mad. I really hate not having complete control of the situation. So having Dominique's vote up in the air really stresses me out. I still need to hear why I should keep you here. Why do you think that you should stay in the competition, you should be given another chance? I know Dominique's on the fence about Cheyenne and Kristen. I really need to get Cheyenne to vocalize why she wants to be here, and hopefully that will convince Dominique to keep Cheyenne and send Kristen home. Honestly, you guys are like so equal in so many areas, that it's like how do you choose between them? I feel like we both deserve it the same, so it's kind of hard. I'm not just saying that. I'm being like dead serious. I'm not gonna just try to save my own ass to send my friend home. You know, they can make their own decision about me and vote accordingly. I think that's very genuine of you. However, I think everyone here deserves it. It's like... that's why like from here on out, like really, it's like one of you guys will not be like... I'll just be like can I come? Yeah. Cheyenne not vocalizing how badly she wants to be here is a red flag, and at the end of the day, Cheyenne really just wants to be back with her fiance. Hi. Hey. Oh, my god. I'm totally jealous of Allyson. I would kill to have new teeth. They look so good. And I really want to win another surgery. Oh, how was it? Well, I'm in a lot of pain because they had to pull like four of my teeth. Oh, wow. I just need some pain pills and then I'll be up and running. So I'm really annoyed that Allyson has been top bride not once but twice. I can't believe I let this happen. So nobody's said anything at all? Wow. Hmm. So we'll see. I've spoken to Dominique, but Dominique's just so hard to read. I have no idea what she's thinking. So I figure it's time to go talk to Allyson. My only hope is that it's a tie. And that maybe you'll keep me around. That's my only hope. Technically, I'm not the competitive one at this point. This is my third time in the bottom. This is Cheyenne's first. I mean, they leave it up to me, you got my vote, so. Well, I know, I know. I definitely know jenessa's not gonna vote for me. I hope I got through to Dominique, because I know in the event of a tie that Allyson would definitely vote for me to stay. Now I'm panicking. Stop, no. What's supposed to happen is gonna happen and don't change it. Just let it happen. Cheyenne's my friend, and she's looking really bummed out. And I just feel like I've got to tell her the truth because I'm lying at this point. I was talking to Dominique and I was like, honestly, I was like I've got nothing to say. I was like, maybe the only thing is that, is that the only leg I have to stand on is that Cheyenne gets homesick. What? No, nothing. No, something's up. No, it just kinda bugs me. Like I didn't say anything about you. Nothing. I didn't do that to her. I'm sure there's a lot of things that may have been said about jenessa, and I would've never gone to jenessa and been like, oh, well, Kristen said this, this, and this about you, so can you please vote for me, you know? I have no reason why I deserve to be here more than you. So like for you to be like, oh, the only thing I can say is Cheyenne gets homesick, like, well, that... well, no. Obviously I get homesick. I'm across the country. I didn't realize Cheyenne was gonna get so mad. Coming up... I think that deep down you do want this, but I think maybe some people couldn't see that. I'm struggling even getting this out. Ladies! Well, ladies, as you can see, there's the rsvp box. You need to write down the name of the bride that you would most like to see stay in the house. Unfortunately, I have to take the two bottom brides with me. Cheyenne, Kristen. I'm praying to god that Dominique sees that I really wanna be here and she makes the right decision. I'm really nervous. I have no idea who's voting for who. It's literally like up in the air at this point and I'm not sure which way the votes are gonna go. I really hate not having complete control of the situation. So having Dominique's vote up in the air really stresses me out. It's impossible to choose between Kristen and Cheyenne. They're both good girls and I just hate having to break someone's heart. This is so incredibly important to me. I wanna be here. I wanna fight for this dream wedding. I want everything off my wish list. I wanna be that perfect bride on that perfect day, and this wedding would be a dream come true. It's never a good feeling, doing an elimination. You are essentially taking someone's dream away from them, and that's a horrible feeling. This is a really difficult decision and I don't know what I'm gonna do. Hello, ladies, and welcome to another "bridalplasty" rsvp ceremony. As you can see, our bottom brides, Cheyenne and Kristen, are already at their wedding tables. In a moment, you will decide which one will be going home tonight. Should there be a tie, Allyson, you will be our deciding vote. Okay, ladies, it's time to reveal your rsvps. First is jenessa. Cheyenne, I think that you are truly a very selfless person. Deep down you do want this, but I think maybe some people couldn't see that. Okay, Dominique, it's essentially all up to you. The fates of Cheyenne and Kristen are in your hands. I really hope Dominique's gonna vote for me. The only chance I have of staying here is if it comes down to a tie and Allyson will vote. That is my only chance. I hope that Dominique has learned enough about me and hopefully she'll decide to vote for me. It's all up to Dominique and she better vote for who we agreed on. Okay, Dominique. Kristen. I just love you. You just shine. Even when you're down, even when you're mad about something, it's always done with spirit. There's like this energy about you that I just love. I know that you will have a dream wedding. Cheyenne. When I first saw you come into the house, I'm like, what the hell is she doing here? I'm like, that girl is beautiful. I would be very upset if I went home. Because I fought so hard to be here and I don't act like it sometimes when I'm in the house. But when it comes to competitions, that's when I really fight for it. So the one time I'm in the bottom, if I go home, it's gonna suck. The part that really gets me the most is that not only do you want to have this dream wedding for you, but more so you want it for Scott. That is just incredible. The person I chose tonight, I chose because I, you know, I just believe that... I'm struggling even getting this out. I really didn't wanna backstab one of my friends, but I kinda did. And now I'm going home. Immediately I think, oh, my god I'm safe. And then it's like, oh, gosh, that means Kristen's going home. Kristen, unfortunately, the brides have spoken, and you do not have enough guests at your table. Your time here at "bridalplasty" and your quest to become the perfect bride is over. Your wedding will still go on, it just may not be perfect. I'm really sad to go. I didn't think it would really be my time, but it is. I wanna be that top bride so bad that it kills me to think that it's gone. I feel like I could've done so much better had I just had that one more chance to do it by myself. But I faltered along the way, and I can only blame myself. I know, ladies, that was very difficult to see her go. But again, congratulations because you all are one step closer to not only having your dream wedding, but also becoming the perfect bride. It feels really great to make it to the final four, and I know I really have to keep at the top of my game moving forward. You really never know how things - are gonna turn out. - Next time on "bridalplasty"... Now that Kristen's gone, there's only four of us left. Jenessa and I need to come up with some kind of plan so jenessa and I can make it into the finale. Did you guys plot against me to get me out? Yes, we did. These two girls have stepped on quite a few people to get to where they are. Do you feel like there's anything like between us that we should clear up? Hmm, payback. This challenge is a little different. Today, there will only be one bottom bride. That one bottom bride will be going home immediately. I got chills. If I go home tonight, I would, I would absolutely just be devastated. It's just my only chance. I'm sorry, but your quest to become the perfect bride is over. You two are still competing to become the perfect bride. But not for long. Tonight there will be an rsvp ceremony. Another bride will be going home. I do have one more surprise for you. This one's heavy. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 