BBQuest: Season 1, Episode 4 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 BBQuest 
 s1e4 - Dallas-Forth Worth - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 BBQuest (2018–…): Season 1, Episode 4 - Dallas-Forth Worth - full transcript 
 Barbecue enthusiast and native Texan Kelsey Pribilski on a quest to find secret menu items local flavors in Dallas-Fort Worth with the help of world-renowned chef and Knife author John Tesar. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 - I'm Kelsey Pribilski, a barbecue enthusiast and native Texan. I'm crisscrossing the state in search of local flavors and secret menu items. With the help of some renowned chefs and prominent pit masters there's no telling what we might find. ♪ Still drivin' ♪ Dallas-Fort Worth, two Wild West cities booming with upscale activity. Dusty trails once blazed by cowboys are now 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 major highways connecting this world-class metroplex. I'm here with John Tesar, a true top chef with the accolades to prove it. Over the years, John has been instrumental in growing this region's reputation as a foodie destination. - Welcome to DFW and the Metroplex. The food scene here over the last ten years has really, really expanded. For years and years and years I think people just looked at Texas or Dallas as a certain type of food. But we have all types of food. We still are the epicenter for steak and barbecue. - I believe it. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 So what made you fall in love with this place and really wanna make such a strong commitment to this town? - I saw the opportunity in the landscape here in Texas for a wide open range of new cuisines, new ideas, new people. And while watching that manifest itself throughout the state with the advent of steakhouses and barbecue craze in America, this is becoming one of the hottest places in the country to eat. - Do you think you have any really cool barbecue joint to show us? - I know every pit master in town, so I'm sure they'll be welcome and happy to see us. - Cool, that's what I like to hear. Do you think any of these places would be open to showing us some secret menu items? - I think if you and I show up, they'll be really willing to put something special out for us. - Cool, all right, let's go. - Let's go. - A carnival-like scene peaking over the horizon drew us to a pretty unique first stop. Ferris Wheelers serves up barbecue cuts for lunch, dinner, and even late night crowds all week long. John and I decided to split some waffle fried brisket nachos. - John, how are you? - Hey Doug, good to see you, buddy. - Good to see you too. This is a good friend of mine, Kelsey. - Hey, Doug Pickering, nice to meet you. - Nice to meet you; thanks for having us. - I see you've already ordered, but is there anything else I can get you? - I wanna see what you really got going on back there. And Kelsey's really into secret, off-the-menu items. - Kelsey, you're in luck because I got a few tricks up my sleeve. I will bring it to you guys outside. - Cool, sounds good, all right. - Sounds fantastic. - I'll see you outside. - All right, here are the brisket waffle fried nachos for you guys. - Thank you. - Absolutely. - Holy cow! - That's decadent. - Their brisket nachos but with waffle fries. I think this is a dream. - Smoky, juicy, I like it. - I love this because it's just such a cool little hang out atmosphere, and these are really cool bar snacks but very unique, but very well made. - That's why I love Doug because Doug takes barbecue and he makes it fun. A lot of times barbecue is so traditional because it's in the box. And Doug kind of breaks down all those walls. Who doesn't love a guy that has a Ferris wheel in the back of his restaurant. - Can we talk about the Ferris wheel? - I'm going for a ride. - Awesome! - Hey guys, how are we doing so far? - Great, this is fantastic. - It's all really good, but these are killer, buddy. - Those are made with a lot of love. - You can tell. - So what I've got for you is our take on a cheese steak sandwich. We call it our brisket cheese steak. This is slices of moist, USDA prime brisket covered in our house made pico, along with poblano peppers, red bell peppers, and onions. - That's a wow moment right there, Doug. - Oh, yeah. - And you take a bite out of that side. - This looks pretty dang good. This is insane. - You gotta take a bite. - You gotta get in on this. - Okay, my turn? - Um-humm. Doug, take a seat, let's chat. - Sit down, buddy. - John and I were talking about how cool this environment is and just family friendly and fun and how your menu pairs so perfectly with the environment. How did you come up with the concept for this restaurant? - Well, it all started with the Ferris wheel and then everything else kind of built around it. - I love it because it's not traditional; it's whimsical. - You always have to have an edge. You always have to keep evolving new recipes, new ideas. - What would you say to a barbecue snob that wouldn't accept this as barbecue? I'm just curious. - I would tell them to take a bite. - I like that, I like that, perfect. - How did you get started in barbecue? - Barbecue's always been a hobby of mine. Long story short, I started a little food blog and the food blog blew up. I was like, well, I kind of enjoy cooking, so I started a catering business from one smoker from my house. And that escalated into having to buy more smokers and I worked with several restaurant groups to kind of learn the ropes of the business. So I've been building this menu for about five years now. - I have literally watched Doug become an entrepreneur on social media. - No way. - And watched him come from Wall Street with a smoker in his backyard to putting a Ferris Wheel in his backyard. Upgrading all the time, Doug. - Yeah, that's cool. Well, I have one last question for you, Doug. Does that Ferris wheel actually work? - Of course it does. - Really? - You can't have a Ferris wheel that doesn't work. - I really came for the Ferris wheel ride, I'm sorry, Doug. - Don't insult me like this. I will get my GM over here and he will take you guys for a ride. - I would love that. - Thanks buddy. - But I've gotta get back to the kitchen. I've got work to do, but so glad y'all made it by. - Thanks for taking the time out to talk to us. - Y'all have on the Ferris wheel. - Dude, this is unreal. - Fire up the Ferris wheel. - John and I headed west in to Fort Worth. We decided to check out the Kimbell Art Museum which houses some of the rarest works of art in the world. Only 350 pieces hang on the gallery walls, but all represent outstanding merit, beauty, and historical significance. - When's the last time you've been to a museum? - It's been a while, I'm not gonna lie. - I love art. I studied it a little bit in school, and I have friends in New York that were artists. I think food is a craft. It has a lot in common with art and artists, risk-taking, the creativity, creating something from nothing, having a vision that you're willing to put out there for people to see. This is one of my favorite Monets, Weeping Willow. I went to school in Paris. - No way. - So I'd cook every day at school and then afterward I'd go to the Jude Palm or the Louvre study a little bit about art. So it was a two-pronged adventure in France. I think what cooking and art really have in common is passion and you have a voice. To be able to take color and light and product and put it on a plate, much like an artist would put on a canvas, and it's a powerful message. And I think that we both seek validation. You wanna create something. You wanna be noticed for what you do. And it comes across as passion or intensity. And it's very powerful to have that kind of ability to control people or to reach out to people with just those things, color, light and a simple white plate, like a white canvas. So this next one I really wanted to take you to see Caravaggio. And I think it's the opposite of what we just witnessed. Monet was very powerful in hidden messages and politics and you got to kinda search it and relate to it, where this is very literal. It's a master piece of art in positioning. So I look at Caravaggio as opposed to Monet and I think that's more similar to my style of cooking. It's kind of straightforward. It's about attention to detail. Taking that white canvas and delivering something to people consistently that they can relate to. I love both styles, but this is more of my style. - Definitely, that's awesome. - All right, we've seen great art. - We have. - Are you ready to go eat some food? - Yeah, for sure. - Let's go. - Since we were already in Fort Worth we had to make a stop at Hein Barbecue. This gem serves up traditional Texas cuts with a menu that sells out daily. Hein started small, but quickly outgrew their original trailer and into this brick and mortar. - All right, so we soaked up all this art and culture. Now I want you to soak up some of the best barbecue I think in the Metroplex. But I think it's some of the best barbecue in the state of Texas. - Wow! - Travis and Emma, salt of the earth, started out with a food truck here in Fort Worth now have had a restaurant going onto their second year. They're about to go to their second location. And their beef rib and their brisket, I think all of their food is just exceptional. And Travis is a master pit master. And he always has to have something special up his sleeve. Let's go inside and see what Travis has in store for us. - We gotta get in there, yeah. - This is true Texas barbecue; you wait in line. Hey Emma, how are you? - Hi, how are you? - Good, this is my friend, Kelsey. - Hey Kelsey, I'm Emma. - Nice to meet you. - We've been bouncing around DFW and I told her we had to come to Hein Barbecue because I think it's some of the best barbecue in the state. - Thank you. - So I love the beef rib, so we're going to share a beef rib. - Okay, we can make that happen. - I may have overstepped a little bit, but I told her a little bit about the secret. - The Hein Burger? - The Hein Burger, can we get one of those? - I can make that happen. I'll have Travis whip one special up for you. - Cool. - No problem. - Thank you so much. - Yeah, we'll bring it out in just a minute. Good to see you. Hey guys, brought you those beef ribs I promised you. - This looks amazing. - Thank you, I hope you guys enjoy trying it out. - Holy cow! - Just gonna take a big bite out of it. - It came right off the bone. - Right off the bone. - Good? - That is really good. - Thank you. - How's it going, guys? - Hi. - Little burger for you. - This is my husband, Travis. - Hey Travis, Kelsey. - John, good to see you. - What is this? - This is our Super Secret Hein Burger. You got some local beef in there, a little smoked brisket mixed in the patties, meat and cheese. - I'm gonna wait to see your reaction. - Dude, look at this, okay. - It's a big bite, but it's worth it. - I love the sauce. - Good, I'm glad you like it. - This is so great. - I love the whole burger. American cheese, right? - Oh, yeah, gotta have it. - Creamy goodness. - Local beef, cheese, bring your own veggies, it's all you need. - How did you guys get started in this? What's the history of your restaurant? - Well, we started in about 2015 in a food truck. We just really had a dream to open a restaurant, so we felt like that was a good way to start. And then we opened our brick and mortar here about two years ago, everyday cooking briskets. - That's awesome, guys. - Thank you. - Have you guys always been passionate about barbecue? Is it a family ordeal? - Yeah, barbecue is something that I grew up around since I was young. I think I cooked the first brisket when I was 12 or 13. My grandfather would do it. My uncle would cook a lot. So I just wanted to be like them and thought it was super cool. And then Emma and I got married pretty young and I would save some money up and trick her into eating one of my briskets. It wasn't good, it was terrible at first. - It was really good. - You're very kind. It kinda grew from there. We had the opportunity to open our own place, and here we are. - What makes you guys a little bit more unique than your average barbecue place? - Something we like to say is farm to smoker. And that's how we approach our business. So sourcing really good, local Texas beef is key to the quality and to everything we do here. So we provide that to our customers. Even though it costs us a little bit more to make it, hopefully people enjoy it. - Absolutely, thank you. - That is a thing of beauty. - Well, this was delicious. I'm gonna get back into this, but I know you guys are busy. You have a line out the door. - More to cow town. - Thank you guys, you guys enjoy. - That salt and pepper is Texas right there. - Beyond barbecue, there's another unique Fort Worth experience that makes the city worthy of its cow town nickname. The Fort Worth Stockyards Historic District is one of the last remaining Stockyards in the country. In the late 1800s cowboys regularly drove cattle through these streets. A practice that still takes place here today. - When I first moved from New York this is one of the first places I came because I really wanted to feel the heart and soul of Texas. - Really? - This is cow town, cowboys, pickup trucks, and longhorn cattle. - You're so big. - They're beautiful though. This is real Texas history. This is why you come to Fort Worth. This is cow town right here walking down the street right in front of you. - Next John took me to 18th and Vine. This place fosters an upscale yet approachable experience where you can sip craft cocktails and eat with your hands. - Are you ready for a drink? - I am ready. - Hi there. - How are you, sir? - I'm terrific, what can I do for you? - I think I'm just gonna let you make whatever you recommend. - Tell you what, this summer day I've got two perfect drinks for you. - Thanks. - I always like when the bartender takes care us. - Indeed. - So I brought you here because I wanted to show you a restaurant that was famous for its Kansas City barbecue. - So why Kansas City barbecue while we're in Dallas? - Well, as you learned in the stockyards, Dallas is a huge transportation hub for commerce and for travel, tourism, kind of in the center of the country. - Yes. - So back in the 1800s those initial cattle drives lay the foundation for Kansas City barbecue. - All right, what do we have here? - I have two of my specialty drinks. We have the Mexicutioner. My second drink I have here we call the Pink Moon. And here you are. - Thank you. - You're very welcome. - Cheers. - Cheers. - Okay, how's your cocktail? - Oh, it's delicious. Along with a jalapeno there is a little poblano in there, and I like that little smokiness. It really makes the tequila taste like miscal. - Welcome to 18th, how are you doing, I'm Scott. - I'm Kelsey, nice to meet you. - Well, I'm glad you guys are here. - Come on, join us. - What would you guys like on the menu? - Why don't we start out with something a little light, maybe that brisket Caesar salad you make. I love that dish. - That's a good call. What's better on a salad than a brisket? - I agree. - Anything else on the menu jump out at you guys? - I was looking at burnt ends. - The real Kansas City barbecue. - Pretty good, we can do those too, absolutely. - But also, I don't know if John has told you or not, I'm kind of on a quest for secret menu items. Is there anything that you can incorporate that's kind of like Kansas City style? - Why don't we incorporate the burnt ends in a secret menu item? Let me work on those salads for you guys and I'll be right back. - Have you met Matt at all? - I've not met Matt. - So Matt is a pit master and Scott is the chef. I'm excited to see the collaboration between the classically trained chef and the Kansas City pit master. - Me too, it sounds like a very unique combination. And I've never had Kansas City style barbecue before, so this is a first for me. - Here's your brisket Caesar salads. - Thank you, chef. See, this is what I was telling you, like it's barbecue outside the box. Traditional ingredients but put into a cuisine. - It's fun, we take traditional Caesar and build upon that with our barbecue sauce, a Caesar dressing, - Oh, barbecue sauce in the Caesar dressing? - Yes, we make a Caesar dressing from scratch, but we use the barbecue sauce as a base, if you will. So we build upon the flavors. - Never would have thought to put a Caesar salad with a nice slab of brisket, but I'm into this right now. So what's the difference between the way you guys smoke brisket for Kansas City style and the way you do for Texas style? - Yeah, just geographically there's different wood that's indigenous to the different regions of the county. Texas has oak, hickory, and mesquite. There's no mesquite in Kansas, so you're gonna see more oak and hickory. And then as you move in certain regions of the state you'll see more fruit wood. So you'll see different kind of flavor profiles with the different kind of smoke wood. Here comes Matt. - All right, guys, thanks for coming in today. So what we've got here is our basie sandwich with a little twist. Typically our basie sandwich is a chopped brisket. Pickled jalapeno with a little melted pepper jack cheese. However, today we made it with our signature burnt ends for you. - Awesome. Well, it was very nice to meet you. Thank you so much for this. Holy cow, okay. Oh, that's great. That sauce is awesome. Is that your original sauce? - It is, yeah, it took about 10 years to get that sauce dialed in, but I love it. We always use it to complement the meat, not just doused all over it. - How did you guys meet? How did the concept for this restaurant come to fruition? - So I grew up in Kansas City, married a Dallas girl. I missed barbecue that tasted like home. For me barbecue is very romantic fare. My wife said stop talking about it and figure it out. And then we kept cooking, always working towards having a shop. And then I got the opportunity to cook some ribs for Scott and it really just kinda started a barbecue conversation together. - Wow, what makes you wanna be involved to come in the barbecue world? - It was interesting because, one, it was a different flavor profile set than I had tasted growing up in Texas, in Texas style barbecue. So it was interesting to have the ribs and have the different flavors. Also it being a different cooking technique it was something fun we could play off of. So we could take barbecue, the verb, and do interesting things with it. Whether it be appetizers or composed dish and entrees. So to be able to take a composed chef dish and incorporate a barbecued item was really kinda exciting. - I wanna hear a little bit more about these burnt ends. What are they exactly? Why are they such a Kansas City specialty? - Burnt ends incredibly flavorful, meat candy. Brisket's got two muscles. It has the flat and the point. We actually take the point, we'll cut it up, and then we will re-season it. A little sauce, a little brown sugar. Then we'll actually kick it back to the smoker, allow that fat to render through with all the flavors and the barbecue sauce and a little bit of cherry wood. - So explain to me Kansas City's philosophy about using sauce on barbecue. - Well, I think you want something that's really going to complement that meat. And a great barbecue sauce does that. It's got some tang. It'll cut that smoke. And it always ought to be served on the side. Let's put it that way. - So you don't coat, you dip? - Exactly. - Thank you guys so much for taking time out of your day, for having us, for giving this awesome meal to us. We'll let you guys get back to work and I'm gonna get down on this sandwich. But thanks for taking the time. - Thank you. - Good seeing you, Scotty. - About to get down. - There you go, you've been waiting. This is really good. - We've tried some of the most unique barbecue DFW has to offer and found some delicious secret menu items along the way. We had the brisket queso cheese steak at Ferris Wheelers. - My personal favorite, the Hein Burger at Hein Barbecue. - Yes, and the burnt ends basie sandwich at 18th and Vine. - So we've had all of this amazing barbecue, but you're here in my restaurant, Knife. - We are. - And we are famous for our dry-aged steaks. I have a special box that dry-ages these steaks anywhere from 30 days to 240 days. You wanna go pick out a couple of ribeyes and come cook with me? - I would love that. - All right, let's check out the box. - Let's go. - All rightie, here we are, Kelsey. This is where it all happens. Let me put on my little chef garb here. I always feel more chef-ly when I put an apron on. - You look more chef-ly. - Okay, when you come on in I want you to take a deep breath like it's that first cup of coffee you have in the morning. And I think you're gonna have a very unique experience. A flavor of beef I don't think you've ever smelled before. So the whole process starts, this is a fresh cut of meat. You can see these are put in this week or at the beginning of this week. And then they'll start to dry out. And then eventually at like 150, 240 days they'll start to envelop. And this is what gives it that sweet, nutty flavor. That hopefully you're gonna taste. This is like the state fair and you won. You get to pick from any shelf you like. - Okay, this is pressure. This one is speaking to me. - Ah, bigger is better. - Yes! All right, we're hauling it out. - We're taking the whole thing. Hope you're hungry. - I am very hungry. - All right, so you picked out your ribeyes. I cleaned them up a little bit. I cut them. I'm a firm believer, like all the barbecue guys, a lot of Texans, salt and pepper is all I ever put on my steak. And just like a very simple barbecue rub. And then we just put it in this. That salt and pepper gets all crunchy on top, and that's what makes it taste so good. This steak, when you take a bite out of it, you're gonna know you're eating a steak. - I cannot wait for this steak. Also, can I just take a moment to say part of me, I'm internally freaking out because this is insane. - My pleasure to have you here. And moving to Texas, being here 12 years, Dallas has been nothing but fabulous to me. And oddly enough I cooked seafood for most of my life, but five years ago I really got into the steak and the meat world. And it's paying off. It's just an amazing place to be right now in Texas. Okay, Kelsey, the moment has arrived. Your ribeye is ready. You can see all that beautiful maillard. That's not burnt. You want that crust. Because there's like two inches of really rich protein in there. The way I serve it is just take it right off that big bone. Before you do that, we have a little bit of red wine. Nice Cabernet. - My favorite. Oh, yes. - You dig in, go for it. - Okay. - I'll eat with my fingers, is that okay? - I think that is perfectly fine. - Oh, this one's good. - It's blowing my mind that it's just salt and pepper because the crust on this is phenomenal. - Yeah, you have to have that crust. - Well, chef, thank you so much for showing me around. This is by far the best steak that I've ever had, and I'm so happy to have been in the kitchen while you created this amazing meal. - Cheers. - Cheers. - Over the last few months, I explored Texas's biggest cities. I had unbelievable barbecue and met some of the state's most influential chefs. Stay tuned, the barbequest continues. ♪ Still drivin' ♪ Surf the internet with browser of future osdb.link/brave 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 