The DNA of Murder with Paul Holes: Season 1, Episode 1 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 The DNA of Murder with Paul Holes 
 s1e1 - Hotel Homicide - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 The DNA of Murder with Paul Holes (2019–…): Season 1, Episode 1 - Hotel Homicide - full transcript 
 Paul Holes and Yolanda McClary investigate a double homicide that's left a small town in Iowa spooked for nearly forty years. But his quest to bring justice to the families will lead him to an unexpected discovery. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 September 12, 1980, September 12, 1980, Rose Burkert, 22, and Roger Atkinson, 32, arrive in the small farming town of Williamsburg, Iowa for a romantic weekend getaway. Rose is a single mom working her way through nursing school, and Roger is a devoutly religious man from a large, close-knit family. Roger is a married man, but Rose is not his wife. At 7:40 p.m. the lovers check in 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 to a near-sold-out Holiday Inn. The next afternoon a maid enters room 260 and finds them brutally murdered. Were Roger and Rose killed because of a lovers triangle, or were they targeted randomly by some stranger? The crime scene is puzzling. Roger's wallet has been torn apart, yet Rose's wallet is seemingly untouched on the bed. Oddly, a tube of toothpaste has been squirted out in the bathtub, and two chairs have been pulled up next to the bed near where Roger and Rose were found. For nearly 40 years, their families have been living 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 with unanswered questions. What was done to Roger and Rose and the horror that they suffered in the last moments of their life, nobody should ever experience something like that. By analyzing the crime scene and those final moments between Roger, Rose, and the offender, I will try and bring justice to the families of Roger and Rose. [rock music] ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ I'm a retired cold case investigator. I spent 271/2 years as a forensic scientist and as a cold case investigator, oftentimes doing both jobs at the same time. I'm most known for helping to solve the Golden State Killer case. The recognition from the Golden State Killer case is taking what I used to do during the course of my career and has expanded it to where now I can do that for law enforcement agencies across the nation. Even though I am retired, I don't want to stop doing this kind of work. This is the type of work that I'm good at. This is the type of work that is my passion. When you have these whodunit crimes, it is the ultimate challenge. It's the ultimate puzzle, and when you hear the families of Roger and Rose say, "You're our last hope," that's what drives me. - Mr. Holes. - Hey, Sheriff. How's it going? - Good to meet you. - It's very nice to meet you. - Welcome to Iowa County. - Well, thank you very much. I've reviewed the case files and the evidence from the double homicide of Rose and Roger. There's rage. There's anger, and that crime scene reflects that emotion. I'll be working with Iowa County Sheriff's Office and hopefully getting answers for the families of Roger and Rose. So you're the elected sheriff here? - I am. - Wow, and you're still involved in this case? - Well, growing up in Amana, I was 12 when it happened, but it was something that really shook up our town. - Yeah. - We have some more recent murders that we had to deal with, and then as soon as those were over and we had those adjudicated, we decided that this case needed some attention again, so we started working on it 2013. 2015 we really started to kinda pick up speed on it. - Okay. You must have some personal attachments to this case at this point. - Originally, when you're reading these, they're all just names. - Mm-hmm. - And then when we started looking into it and started meeting family members, it has become very, very real for us now. - Well, tell me a little bit about Rose and Roger. - Well, Roger's a married man, and he is not married to Rose. He was not happy in his marriage. He's actually having an affair with Rose. So when we look at motive, of course, that opens up a lot of doors into who might not be very happy about that. - And he meets her because-- through his work? - So Roger is a phone installer, repair person. - Okay. - And so they actually meet when he installs a phone at her residence. - Well, I think I was kinda surprised-- Rose is young. She's 22? - Yeah. - He's 32. I mean, this is a young couple. - Yes. - You know, so obviously, I mean, 22 years old and you lose your life at that age, you haven't experienced life yet. - And Rose has a little girl, so there's a two-year-old left behind. - These are your true innocent victims. Roger and Rose went on a trip together with the idea that they're going to have fun that weekend, and at some point that night, they end up being brutally killed. They did nothing. There is that injustice. I want to fix that. - One of the interesting things about this is there's actually a convention going on at the hotel. - Oh. - And it was sold out. - What was the convention? - It was an undertakers convention. - Undertakers? - Yeah. - So that just adds a little bit of-- - Of all things. - Yeah. We know that at 7:40 p.m., Rose and Roger checked in to the Holiday Inn. Rose makes a phone call to check on her daughter at 8:00, but I think it's important that when a phone call from the babysitter comes in at 8:30, Rose doesn't answer, even though she wants to check on her daughter. So now my thought is, is that maybe the offender is in that room by the time that phone call comes in. - We actually got lucky, and we do have some DNA that cannot be identified that could possibly be our killer. - Okay. - It's at least my belief that the person had the blood of the victims on them. They wipe the blood off with the towel, leaving their male DNA mixed with the victim's. - Okay. And how did this crime go down? What's your predominant theory? - I think it all centers back to who knew where they were gonna be. - Okay. - We spent a lot of time looking at all the suspects, and it all comes down to how did somebody know they were gonna be there, and how many people knew that? - You're thinking they were followed. - Yeah, absolutely. I think that's a very good, strong possibility. - I really believe that this is a Missouri murder that happened in Iowa. - Okay. - So all the players are from Missouri. All the relationships are Missouri relationships. - Yeah, so Rose and Roger came up out of St. Josephs, Missouri-- - That's right. - Drove four hours north to your jurisdiction, and that's where they got killed. - Yes. - But you believe-- it sounds like your predominant theory is that somebody that they knew out of St. Josephs may have come up and committed this homicide. - If someone is taking the time to follow them to this hotel, if it's a family member or somebody that knows them and they've built up that rage, they've got the proof they're looking for. These two were together. - I think it's obviously a crime of passion. Whoever did it is very upset about the relationship that Roger and Rose were having. You have to be connected to these people somehow. - What do you think is going once the offender is in the room? - I think they were told to lay on the bed and be quiet and everything's gonna be fine. - Yeah, lay facedown on the bed. - And I think they-- and maybe there's a gun displayed. - Yeah. - Nobody's just gonna lay in the bed while they're about to be murdered, so I don't think they realized they're about to be murdered. - The door of room 260 does not show any signs of forced entry, so that possibly could suggest that Rose and/or Roger voluntarily opened up the door to the offender. Did they hear a voice they recognized? But on the other hand, it's very easy for an offender to get into a room using a ruse, knock on the door, "Housekeeping." And why are they laying facedown side-by-side on the bed? It looks like they were ordered to do that. They're complying with this offender. Why aren't they fighting back? Well, maybe they knew him, and they go, "Okay, he's upset. He's hotheaded. He'll leave once, you know, he speaks his mind or he gets what he needs to get." Do you see one or the other being the offender's primary target? - I just tend to believe that it's just the relationship in general, and so they're both the intended target. - To kill someone is one thing, but to do it so viciously seems like almost a personal attack. - So it's not a single gunshot to the back of the head. - Right, right. - It's, you know, multiple blows with a hatchet. ♪ ♪ Meeting Sheriff Rotter, he gave me better insight into Rose and Roger's lives. Because of the rage at the crime scene, and the lovers' triangle, I'm leaning towards an interpersonal crime. Somebody who knew Rose and/or Roger came up and killed them. And yet, there are aspects of this crime scene that don't add up. ♪ ♪ Hey, how's it going? - I'm good. How are you? - I'm doing great. Yolanda McClary is a retired crime scene investigator out of Las Vegas Metro. She's got years of experience dealing with all sorts of crime scenes. She brings a level of expertise to the table to help me better understand what happened to Roger and Rose. There's no signs of forced entry. The weather stripping-- - No signs of a real struggle. - No signs of real struggle. - Things aren't knocked over, like lamps and tables, where there's a real fight. - No, though it'll be interesting. I do have some photos that-- that kinda show that the-- there is aspects of disarray in the room that's more consistent with the offender kinda ransacking their stuff. - If this is truly somebody who was after them, would they really ransack all their stuff? - Don't know. You know, the investigative theories are broad. You have a potential pool of suspects, Rose's side, Roger's side, and then there's the random, you know, person who happened to just decide to target them because interested in their possessions and wanted to eliminate them. - It just seems like an awful lot to just want possessions to murder two people like this. - Yeah. This is what fascinates me. Rose's wallet doesn't look like it's really been dug into, all her stuff is still there. - Right. - Whereas Roger's wallet, it appears the guy is taking every single item out of Roger's wallet. - Throwing it down-- - And throwing it on the floor. The other real oddity in this case is we've got the toothpaste squirted out in the bathtub. And did the offender do this? And if he did, why? - Well, the whole thing, Paul, is odd. I mean, you've got a situation that almost looks like a burglary gone bad, but this is really gone bad. ♪ ♪ - Do we have a burglary gone bad versus a jealousy-motivated crime? That's why it's so important to go see the location of that hotel and room 260 to get a better sense of did the offender follow them there, or did the offender go to that hotel knowing he could find victims, and he just happened to find Roger and Rose? Driving on I-80-- I-80's this freeway that goes all the way from the west coast to the east coast, you know? - Right. - So if we are dealing with somebody and this is a random crime, then it's going to be somebody who's probably very mobile and very transient. - I don't know how just randomly they were chosen that night, you know? - Yeah. - And it just seems odd, but we'll know more about that when we get there and really see are they literally right next to the exit? Well, sometimes, then, you are the lucky chosen one. - Right. ♪ ♪ - It's confidence. - Mm-hmm. - Do you think this is his first time? - And just to ask straight-up, did you have anything to do with Roger and Rose's murders? They had another case. - Wow. - That becomes significant. - Yes. I think that the case has taken a complete turn. ♪ ♪ - Rose and Roger were killed in room 260 at a Holiday Inn right off of I-80. A huge question for me is were Roger and Rose targeted based on who they were, or was it where they were? Is it an offender that was upset about the affair, or is the offender somebody who's moving along this major freeway where the Holiday Inn is? ♪ ♪ - It is kinda creepy that it looks exactly like it did back then. The only thing that's changed is the cars and the parking lot. - What is the significance of room 260? Would the offender have had to walk in through the front lobby in order to get back to room 260, or was there another way that he could've snuck into the hotel without being seen? Room 260, how far away from here is that room? - It's probably the room furthest away from the front desk of any of them. - Really? - It's all the way in the back. - So now, if-- if somebody were trying to get to room 260 from the outside of this building, what direction do they have to go in order to get to that room? - They would go down this hall, take a-- follow it around, go up the stairs and down the hall. - So if they're coming through the front lobby door, they'd go down this hallway-- - Correct. - Then work their way back to room 260. - Correct. - Can they get to room 260 from the other side, from the outside? - No, 'cause the doors were all sealed up and locked. - There's other ways to get in, but you would have needed a key to get in those doors. - Okay, and did all hotel guests have a key to those side doors? - They would have-- their room key would've allowed them access into that back door. - Okay. - Okay. - So that's-- that's actually interesting. - Mm-hmm. - For the offender to enter those locked doors, he would had to have gone in when a guest had actually unlocked it, so at this point, it appears that it's very possible he walked through the front doors, the open lobby, and once inside, you've got all these guys at the undertaker conference. The offender could just be hiding in plain sight because there are so many people. We know this little hallway right here before that stairwell, this is where our offender had to be. He came to this door at 260, and he left, but then he has sort of a choice to make, go left or go straight, and we don't know which way he did. - Nobody's gonna hear you out there... - Right. - ...because you're on an outside wall, so the only person really to maybe hear anything would be room 262. - This is almost the perfect location, right here, because it's only two rooms side by side versus when you get down to that-- to rooms down that hallway-- - Yeah, you've got someone on each side. - Somebody on each side. - Mm-hmm. - So that almost shows that there could be a purposeful selection for this location. ♪ ♪ Oh, there's the bathroom. - I actually would have thought this would have been a lot smaller. - Right. I'm probably standing roughly-- you know, right in this area is where that chair was, you know, and there's a thought that the offender sat in that chair as he's taking out Roger's, you know, articles. - Mm-hmm. - So he's-- he's literally, you know--40 years ago he's, you know, sitting in this space. There's something going through his mind as he's doing this action right here. There's an emotional kind of intrigue as I'm trying to go back in time. What happened 40 years ago? What did this space look like 40 years ago? Somebody else was in this very space, and they were taking a life, and I just wish I could just grab out of the ether, you know, that visual of what happened and who that person was. - You can perfectly see right to this parking lot, too. - Yeah. - You don't have any other view, but it's right there, that back parking lot. - You could be in that parking lot and see there's lights on in the room and knowing that it's occupied. - Mm-hmm. - The location of room 260 supports the idea that this could be a random crime. It's ideally situated to carry out this type of attack. I now start to lean to the possibility that we have a random crime occurring, but I can't eliminate the idea that this could still be interpersonal. ♪ ♪ One of the primary reasons people end up getting killed is because of the relationships they get involved with, these lovers' triangles. When that jealous rage kicks in, even if they've had no criminal history, no signs of violence before, they see red. So if this offender knew Roger or Rose, who potentially would have a personal inner rage that might compel that person to drive 41/2 hours up to Iowa County to kill Rose and Roger? ♪ ♪ - Hi. Tammy? - So now, how did you first meet Rose? - In high school. - In high school? - Yeah, but we really became close friends when we shared an apartment together and worked at the same place. - Oh, okay. - She found out she was pregnant with her daughter, and so the whole time she was pregnant, we shared the apartment together, and she was really excited to be a mom, and, you know, she knew she was gonna be doing it by herself at that point, so. - So the father didn't come around after the baby was born at all? - No, not that I'm ever aware of, no. - Did they just split up? - Yes. - Did she ever mention that she was dating Roger? - No. No, she didn't, and I didn't know anything about Roger until the murders happened. I don't know how Roger really felt, but I believe Rose thought he really was in love with her and was gonna, you know, be with her because she wasn't the type to just go off and-- with a married man. She wasn't like that. - Yeah. - Unless she thought, you know, his marriage wasn't gonna last and he was gonna be with her. - Now, just before her homicide she had been engaged, is that right, or was at least dating somebody who wanted to marry her. - Yes. - What was this individual's name? - His first name was Danny. - Do you know much about that relationship? - She just broke it off with him, and I know for a long time he didn't leave her alone. You know, he still tried to-- - What would he do? - To see her. Well, there was notes that was left on her car, you know, threatening notes, and-- - Do you remember what they said specifically? - Just that she wasn't just gonna walk away. - She's now told him she doesn't wanna be in a relationship. - Right. - And so he's still coming. - Yes. - What else was he doing? - Well, there was a friend of his that had a big brown van, and they used to sit down the road from her house and just watch her. I guess it was just stalking. - More intimidating? Do you know if they ever followed? - I think they followed her a few times, but I-- they never really actually did anything to her. I think they just tried to scare her just because she was just not gonna get back with him, and he didn't like that. That's who I thought was involved from the very beginning of this because she had went-- like, two or three weeks before she got killed, she had went to the sheriff's office in Savannah and told them if something happened to her, that it would be her ex-boyfriend that did it. ♪ ♪ - It's important to realize that we have two victims killed, but who is the primary target? One side is Rose and what interpersonal relationships she had, but then on the other side is Roger and his interpersonal relationships. - Hi. - How's it going? Yolanda. Nice to meet you. Thank you for coming. ♪ ♪ - For me, you know, I want to know about Roger to start off with, you know? So you're his brother. - Oldest. - Oldest? - I was the oldest of seven. Roger was the third one down. He and I shared the same very small room, bedroom. It was a room that was-- used to be the porch, and my dad boxed it in 'cause he had more kids and needed more room. - He was a very mellow, mild, sensitive young man. I knew his-- he was in trouble with his marriage, and I knew he wasn't happy, but he stayed in the relationship and made other choices, which was not smart. - Do you think Roger would have asked Marcella for a divorce? - Oh, yeah, but he couldn't get it because every time he tried to talk to Marcella, she would open the Bible and point out to him-- and he's very religious-- how this is wrong. You don't do this. - So she-- she has a strong personality. - Very much. - Oh, she's very dominating. You could talk to anybody about that. - Yeah. - She's just overbearing. - So did you guys ever know about Rose? - No. - No, never did. - We were shocked, and-- - Family didn't know either? - Mm-mm. - Well-- well, now, his sister did-- - Because-- - And never told us. We were never-- - Because Rita, my sister, was married-- or was married to Mike Hale. Mike Hale is the one that got Roger the telephone job. A lot of the phone guys, they were just all over the place, and Roger was caught up in it. - Encouraged. - Caught up in-- in what? - In-- - Their relationships that they had. - Fooling around. - Okay. So Roger's getting into this, this telephone business, and then you've already got sort of an established culture. - Okay. - We kinda, through the years, have homed in on Mike, because I think Mike's connection or motivation was Rose. The company guys knew Rose. - Do you think one of them had an affair with Rose at some other point in time? - I-- yeah. - It's possible. - We think so. - Do you think Mike is responsible for Rose and Roger's death? - Mike had all the information, what Roger was gonna do and where he was gonna be, and I think he passed enough of the information to Marcella, and Marcella-- - And her dad, I think. - I'm sure went to her dad. Her dad was a hothead. - And this is Floyd? - Yes. - Floyd Hatcher. - Okay. Do you think Marcella is potentially the one that wanted to see Roger killed? Tell me how you think this all plays out. - I think Floyd Hatcher was in that room. Whether he swung the axe or whatever they used, I don't know. At least two people because I know there was two chairs beside Roger's side of the bed. Like somebody wanted to sit down and talk to him, okay? Marcella's a Bible-thumper. - Okay. - Was she sitting there reading to him? - Because of the strong emotional aspects of Marcella finding out about Roger having an affair, could she be so in a rage to have gotten somebody to go kill Roger and also Rose? These types of family dynamics exist. - We know he made a mistake. - You know, but I think it's also important that even though there are certain lifestyle choices that were made, I mean, it does not come down to Roger's fault of what happened to them. ♪ ♪ - It's been a hard long years. - Yes, it has. - Yeah. - The hardest thing in my life I ever did was make that phone call to my folks in Tucson. - Yeah. - It's a hard thing to tell your parent that they lost a child. - Especially knowing what we found out. - Yeah, absolutely, absolutely. - Right. That was tough. - Yeah, I know, but, you know, I really appreciate-- I know this is all very tough, and you guys want an answer. You know, my hope is that I'm able to help the sheriff's office get your answer. - This, we think, is our last chance. ♪ ♪ - When you're dealing with lovers' triangles, the scorned spouse is going to be the first person that law enforcement is going to focus in on. This is why speaking with Roger's widow, Marcella, is critical. Did Roger's widow, Marcella, know about the affair prior to the murders? Jealousy often is motive to commit murder. - Hi. - Hi, Marcella? - Yes. - Yolanda. Nice to meet you. - Nice to meet you, Yolanda. - Hi, I'm Paul. - Hi, Paul. Nice to meet you. - Nice to meet you. - Come on in and try to get out of the heat. - Thank you very much. - Thank you. - Marcella, you know, of course we're here to talk to you about Roger. And, you know, I know it's been almost 40 years. So tell me about how did you two meet. - Well, we met at church in the youth fellowship. He seemed to be going the circuit of dating the different girls in the group, and when he got to me, I said, "That's it." [laughter] - What was the relationship like in those-- in maybe the final couple years? Did you sense any troubles with him at all? - You know, I just didn't feel he was himself. - You end up finding out he's-- he was killed. - Yes. - Did the detectives tell you all the details about the whole situation of what was going on, or-- - They said, "Do you know Rose Burkert?" and I said, "No. Like, who's Rose?" and then they told me that she was found with him, so it's like, oh, you know-- - And that was a-- that was a shock? - Yeah. You're upset because you've had a loss, but then you're upset because you've been betrayed. - Did you talk to his family at all afterwards? - Not a whole lot. I just kinda felt like I was the black sheep of the family after he got killed because his mom, you know, blamed me for if I'd have been a better wife and all of that, that it wouldn't have happened, and, you know, I just told her I don't buy that. - Tell me about your dad. Tell me about Floyd. - I feel like he was a good dad to me. He was an alcoholic, and that made me sad during my childhood. Wasn't abusive, but it's just living with an alcoholic's just not fun. - Did your dad have a temper? - I think so, yeah. - How was he after finding out about Roger being killed in terms of-- did he make any statements about Roger? - No. I just felt Dad acted a little odd. When we went to go see the body for the first time, he said, "Now, don't cry," and I thought, "Don't cry? I mean, why shouldn't I cry? I've been through a horrible ordeal right now," And-- but I didn't. He said, "Don't cry," and I didn't. I think that's what kinda made me wonder then could he have done something? Because I thought he was telling me, "Don't-- don't cry because I don't want to see you cry because that's gonna hurt me," maybe. I don't know. That's just what I thought. - Do you today have any suspicions about your dad being involved with Rose and Roger's murder? - Yeah, I still do. I feel like I was betrayed by Roger, and then if it was my dad, what was he thinking? Was he thinking he was doing me a favor? 'Cause it really wasn't. - And just to ask straight-up, did you have anything to do with Roger and Rose's murders? - No. - No reason to, right? You know, all possible leads are on the table right now, so as we take a look at the evidence-- - At 67, I'd just like to have some answers, and if any of my family had something to do with it, it is painful. - Because of the rage displayed at the crime scene, a jealous wife finding out about her husband having an affair does make sense, but we have male DNA. That's where I think it's more likely, if Marcella is involved, she had somebody do it. ♪ ♪ - After talking to people in Rose and Roger's lives, there are multiple people that had motive to have them killed, but the fact that Rose has more wounds, she has 12 to Roger's seven, makes me think that she may have been the target. In a replica crime scene in a room identical to room 260, Yolanda and I are going to analyze the offender's actions to determine who exactly was the intended target. What I'd like to start is the actual act of homicide. We've got Rose on the left. You can see the-- kind of the orientation of this bladed weapon striking the back of her head. - And that's kind of interesting on his too, linear lines going this way. If that's the case, then my strikes are certainly not coming down like this. They're gonna be coming down more like this. - The blade of the hatchet is vertical with the handle. - Right. - Yes, so that helps position where the offender is standing at the time he's striking. Could he kill both victims standing in one location if she's facedown and she's got those injuries to that right shoulder? That's closer to-- - That's pretty close. I'm not that big of a person, yet where I'm at, I can reach over. - And the orientation is just like the back of Roger's head, right? - This way. Then you've got the hand. I think after the first initial strike, what does your body automatically do? What does your hands do? Go up to where you feel this pain. - And then he ends up getting several strikes to his right hand. - He bring-- I think that-- both because he gets both of his hands, and you can see where they're being hit. - So kind of-- kind of that shielding posture. - She is struck several more times than him. - Yes, and so does that-- does that reflect more emotions towards her? She's the-- she's the lesser threat. - Of course. - Why is he having to strike her more? But I'm also wondering if he's standing closer to Roger, he may be feeling that he's being more effective because he's now within his reach, right? Easier. - Right, he's getting more on him. - Versus having to reach over. - So he's striking her more, just making sure. - And his strikes may not be as forceful. The initial emotions that I thought that the offender was expressing towards Rose really wasn't there. Now it appears that that is a matter of mechanics because the offender is not as effective with the hatchet stretching over the bed, and he's not delivering as powerful blows to Rose, so the offender is now having to inflict more blows to neutralize and kill Rose. Now he's, like, in a dominant position, and she is basically helpless as this weapon is now coming down on her. - She can't-- - Those are the last moments of her life right there. I'm now seeing how the offender, he's positioning himself by Roger. This is a Roger-centric crime. I believe Rose was ancillary. Roger is the one that the offender's most interested in. - You've got someone, then, who is definitely-- gets a sense of command presence, okay, in what he does. He's confident. - Mm-hmm. - Do you think this is his first time? - No. - No. - I don't, not with what I'm seeing here, because this is where he's now effectively killed these-- - Two people. - Two people, Rose and Roger. They're lying, now dead, facedown in this bed. - Mm-hmm. - But now he pulls a chair and sitting here. - So casually. - Yeah, has Roger's wallet, just kinda looking at it, flipping it down on the floor. I've just taken control of who you are. For me, this ends up becoming so critical in terms of getting into the mindset of the offender. He's done this before. - Mm-hmm. - And imagine these items here. - Mm-hmm. - He's comfortable. He's throwing these items out. What he's doing at this point, if they're dead, he basically is playing God. He is now, "I've just taken your life. I made the decision that you two are going to die tonight." - Mm-hmm. - "And I did that, and now I can do anything I want to your items in this room." This idea of playing God is not something that is common. It's usually a select type of offender that does this. This makes me think it's not somebody in Rose's or Roger's life, like Marcella's father or Rose's ex-boyfriend. The offender, after he has created bleeding injuries and probably after they're dead, it does appear he goes into the bathroom. - Cleans up. - Cleans up, and then for whatever reason, while in the bathroom, we now have toothpaste being squirted out into the tub. - Mm-hmm. - I'm dealing with an experienced offender who is Roger-centric. I'm still puzzled about the toothpaste. Did the offender do that? I've never had toothpaste squeezed out in a single case that I've worked, and now I've got this going on. Is he doing this as part of his crime scene ritual? The toothpaste. - Mm-hmm. - Which would have been squirted down in the tub here, you know, so you can kinda start to see, you know, what he's doing in here, but the question is why is he doing that? ♪ ♪ - We got all the evidence gathered up from the case, and I've got it assembled here. It's basically everything that was left behind in the motel room. - I like to evaluate the physical evidence after I get a good working knowledge of the crime scene. This allows me to put those items into context of what happened between the offender and the victims during the commission of the crime. Those items speak to me more once I know what has happened. - Got it. - A lot of stuff here, everything that would have been in the room at the time of the murder, all kinds of personal items. - I'm really interested in seeing the items of evidence that you've recently done some work on as well as, you know, the items that the offender had touched, if possible. Now that I think I'm dealing with an experienced offender, looking at the evidence will give me insight into the signature behaviors of what the offender is doing within that crime scene, and that insight could give me clues into who I think the offender might be. - So this is what we would've sent to the lab in 2015 to have examined for bloodstains, and I think they went through all those cards to look for latent fingerprints, as well. - Oh, is that the one that's up on the bed? - Well, it almost looks like the one that's on the bed. - Yeah. - I think it is. - And all those-- at least from what I can recall at that picture, all those contents were actually in that wallet, but at the same time with Roger's wallet, that offender's interacting with those items, and he's-- I mean, he's tearing up a photo, and he's crumpling something else, so there appears to be an emotional aspect as he's going through Roger's stuff, and I thought it was curious with her in that she's obviously facedown on the bed when she's receiving those-- those fatal injuries to the back of her head, but she's been turned over. - Yes, and not only that. She was more meticulously covered up. Roger was what appeared to be just sort of left as he was. - Yeah. - She seems to be a little bit more covered up, as if the killer had at least some respect that this is a lady here, and she deserves to be covered up. - Yeah, and sometimes when you see that covering up, that's when the offender is showing an association to that victim, some remorse of what he's done. I've seen cases in which the male is eliminated, you know, and the female's killed horrifically, but then the offender afterwards is now-- can't stand to see what he's done. Like the Golden State Killer case, after the sexual assaults, sometimes he would wander around the house sobbing, saying, "You stupid piece of s--- ," as if he's beating himself up over what he's done. It's an interesting psychology. Oftentimes, it's out of a sense of remorse. He's now not liking that he's done it. - So here's the infamous toothpaste. - Oh, that's one of what I wanted to see. - So we are-- we're dealing with the old-fashioned metallic tube, which lends itself to crushing pretty well. I don't think it looks like anyone did anything nefarious to it. I think it is just the way a crushed tube would look like. - It's basically been squeezed. - We paid special attention trying to find touch DNA on the cap, thinking that that surface would lend itself well. It did not. - Yeah, you know, you read the description that the original investigators are say-- and how it ap-- it was like it had angrily been just smashed with a fist. That's not what that looks like. - I think it looks like it was squeezed just like this, as you can see the indentations here. Just as you see it in the-- in the bathtub squeezed out. I think that's exactly the movement you would have made to do that. - I see the tube of toothpaste, but it's not in this crushed condition as described in the case file. It just looks like it has been squeezed just like any normal tube of toothpaste, and I've got concerns about whether or not it's really important evidence in Rose and Roger's case. Okay, no, that was extremely valuable to see. That gives me a different perspective on what's going on with that tube. ♪ ♪ I'm constantly having to go back to the case files, looking for new investigative leads. Now that I'm leaning towards I'm dealing with a more experienced offender, information that seemed insignificant before can now become very critical as I learn more information about the case I'm digging into. In the case file with Roger and Rose, I saw the mention of another case that occurred 130 miles away ten weeks prior, and it was a homicide in a hotel right off the freeway. ♪ ♪ You know, this is kinda getting interesting. I was going through the case file, they happened to mention another case, and so I reached out to the agency, Galesburg PD, and I think you need to see this. - All right. - So we have William Kyle, a 28-year-old traveling salesman. He is staying at a hotel in Galesburg in room 217. - Okay. - That's a hotel that is directly off the freeway. It's about 130 miles away from where Rose and Roger were killed. - Okay. - And it occurred about ten weeks prior. The murder weapon-- - Look at that. - Is a hatchet. - Mm-hmm. - I've never, 27 years, had a case that involved a hatchet or an axe. - I've had a couple, but they were far and in between. You're right. - Yes. The victim's over the bed, but he has been covered. - He's facedown, too. - He's facedown, but he also has that shielding-- he has injuries from the weapon-- - On his hands, too. - His hands. And look at the chair. Look at what's on the floor directly in front of the chair. This is his wallet. - Mm-hmm. - Look at what the offender has done. - Throwing all the cards and everything out again. - Just like Roger's, in dishev. - Mm-hmm. - This offender is sitting in that chair going through... - And throwing everything out, too. - ...William's wallet and throwing it down on the floor. But this is what catches me. That's a toothpaste tube. - Oh, my goodness, I couldn't tell from the photo, but yes, it is, toothpaste again. - And in this case toothpaste was also squirted. - That's bizarre. - And it's unique enough to where I think it's the same offender. ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ - With what I am seeing in the William Kyle case, just because I'm seeing similarities in crime scene photos, that's not enough. Do I have overlap between the William Kyle homicide and Roger and Rose's case? I want to see just how similar these two crime scenes are. This may be the work of the same killer. ♪ ♪ This is actually room 217, where the... - Room 217. - ...the homicide actually occurred, right? - Yes. - So Bob, you were one-- the original investigator on this case? - Yes, I was. This is where we found Mr. Kyle. Legs were off the top of the bed. Upper torso was still fully extended out onto the bed. He had been covered by a comforter that was on the bed. - Okay, and then we know based on the crime scene photos there was a ton of blood spatter up on the headboard. - Up on the headboard and up on the ceiling. - Okay, and so it appears that he's up on the bed and receiving blows to the back of his head, but he's not covered at that time with all that blood spatter. - Correct, because there was still a pillow up there on the bed that-- you could see the imprint or the impression of Mr. Kyle's head, where it had been pushed into the pillow and then drug backwards. - And the large blood pool where his head used to be. - Yes. - We know that William was sitting over there working, but now his wallet has been opened up, and every single item has just been tossed down onto the floor. - Yes, almost to appear as if it had been a robbery. - Right. - The person who we later suspected was more or less homeless. - And this is-- this is Esparza, right? - Esparza. - Raymundo Esparza, yeah. - Yup. - The records that Raymundo Esparza died in 1983. Esparza turned out to be a drifter that was initially contacted at railroad tracks by railroad security. Galesburg PD officer responds, picks Esparza up, and drops him off right at the interchange where William Kyle's hotel was at. He had a bag on him with a bunch of tools in it. Could his tools have been the source of the murder weapon? Galesburg PD actually built a compelling circumstantial case against Raymundo Esparza. It's surprising to me that they were not able to get a DA willing to charge Esparza. Tell me about how Esparza became came to the attention of your department. - Three people had identified as being here at the hotel that night. - And you interviewed him, right? - I interviewed him for 12 hours. - And what was he like? - He cried. He laughed. I went-- took him back to his childhood, to when he was five years old. Folks used to chain him to a post in the basement because they had to work, and they didn't want him out on the street running around. I would get him to the point where I thought he was ready to talk to me, and then it just-- it's just like he turned a switch off, and he didn't know what I was talking about. - Tom, you ended up taking over this case. - I took it over in 2009. We opened the case back up to see what we could do because of the update in DNA analysis, which we didn't have in 1980 when the crime occurred. We submitted some fingernail case and clippers to the lab, which were found in the room because Mrs. Kyle stated that was not her husband's. - And at that point they didn't get anything? - No. - And then on the floor-- and this is really-- really caught my attention, was a tube of toothpaste. - Yes. - Some of the-- the actual paste had been squirted out? Is that true? - Yes, yes. - Over by the victim? - Over by the victim. I later consulted a psychiatrist. Given Mr. Esparza's history of being a heroin addict, some heroin addicts, that's about the only way they can satisfy themselves. - Okay. - Mr. Esparza maybe was... using the toothpaste-- - Like-- like a lubricant for masturbation? - It'd be more of a ejaculation simulation for the heroin addict. - Oh, so okay. I've never heard of such a thing. - That's the only-- only way they can achieve sexual gratification. - You say the toothpaste is over there. He may have stood over there and squirted the toothpaste out. If he's doing that to simulate ejaculation, he's sexually getting off on what he's just done to William. In my 27 years, I've never had toothpaste squeezed out in any homicide scene, yet now I've got two cases in which toothpaste has been squeezed out. This is a unique offender behavior, so it's something that I put a lot of weight on as I assess the relationship between the William Kyle case and the homicides of Roger and Rose. William being killed facedown in his bed with something akin to your-- a hatchet. - Right. - With Rose and Roger, they're both facedown, killed with a-- probably a hatchet-like weapon in a hotel next to the freeway, immediately adjacent to the freeway. - Right. - In addition, there's also a chair that's been pulled out, and the offender has taken the male victim, Roger's, wallet and has removed every single item and thrown it down on the floor. - Did we have the toothpaste? - We had the toothpaste, and that's where now, in that case, there was toothpaste that had been squeezed out into the tub. I've worked a lot of cases, and I have not seen such a stack of similar activities that the offender has done. To-- to my mind, it's absolutely compelling that the same offender that killed William Kyle is who killed Rose and Roger. ♪ ♪ - In Rose and Roger's case, you've got families pointing fingers at each other over decades as to which side of the family was responsible for the homicide. That has got to be such an anguishing time in their lives. - How are you? - Doing great. Paul Holes. If I show that no, you know what? Your families weren't involved in this case, Roger and Rose were just in the wrong place at the wrong time and the wrong guy happened to go to that hotel, it at least gives them an answer, and maybe they are able to live more peacefully amongst themselves. - Galesburg, a fairly small community, we don't have many homicides here, and we have very few unsolved homicides, and this is only one of two that I'm aware of in the last 40 years, so. - Yeah? - Yup. - Now-- now, what exactly do you have out-- out here? - Well, this is part of-- just part of what we would consider our evidence that was collected back in 1980. - And I'm seeing what appears to be, you know, relatively fresh tape seals on some of the items, so it looks like you've had some recent forensic work done. - That's correct. I believe at about 2009 this case kinda got reopened for us. - Do you have offender DNA? - From the scene, they have not been able to find any. - Okay. - My suspicion would be that there may be something in these boxes that does contain it, but what that is and if there's enough there to test-- - My hope is to determine what items of evidence are likely to give me offender DNA and compare that DNA to the unknown male DNA from the Rose and Roger homicide case and see if I can make a DNA link. White towels from bathroom, room 217 at the Sheraton Inn. - Right. - So it's been ten years since any DNA testing had been attempted on that. - That would be correct. - Okay, so that-- to me, this is a-- this is a priority item as far as I'm concerned for further DNA testing. Now, the other interesting item in your case is this old fingernail clipper kit. - That's correct. - You know, the owner of the fingernail clipping set, if they're digging into their fingernails all the time, it would be a great source of DNA. - Yes, and when we submitted the items in 2009, there was not enough to formulate a DNA match. - 2009, of course, DNA technology had progressed considerably, but since 2009 it's taken another step forward. - There's still that-- that idea that there could still be DNA in those fingernail clippers. - Yeah. Seeing if we can get DNA, I mean, I think the towels are a priority item 'cause it-- in all likelihood your offender touched that. The fingernail clipping set and that case, you know, that would be a priority item at this point, and possibly that toothpaste tube. You know, I haven't seen a real good close-up photo of it, but to consider the possibility of maybe contact DNA if the offender is squeezing that. In the William Kyle case, what stands out is the fingernail clipper kit that the offender likely dropped at the crime scene, the tube of toothpaste that the offender likely touched and squeezed toothpaste out of and the towel that the offender used to clean up after he killed William Kyle. The offender's DNA could be on any of those items. And because of the advances in DNA technology, I just need a small sample to possibly get a match. - They had developed a suspect on the case. - And this is Esparza? - Yes. They were looking real heavily at him as a potential suspect. I actually found it really interesting that we have Esparza's time in Louisiana and the Mississippi area, which I think there's also an open-- or an unsolved or open case from Meridian. I had never seen the photos from the Meridian case. - So this says "Meridian, Mississippi case." - Mm-hmm. - "Murder at Travel Inn Motel, room 412, 23-year-old white male named Jack McDonald." Bludgeoned, and he has wounds all over. Victim's wallet missing, including a small amount of cash and credit cards. Oh, wow. I mean, that-- that looks identical to how William Kyle was left. - He's placed. - Just based on the positioning of the body, he is-- he is being bludgeoned to death in a hotel bed. You can see the blood spatter up on the headboards. This is identical to what we see in William's case. - In the Kyle case, yeah. - Yeah. These are identical-looking crime scenes. This just-- just doesn't happen by accident. If this guy's going into hotels across the nation, it's very possible that there's additional cases that are just like this that law enforcement has never linked together. - This was the first time I got to see the photos from Meridian. - Yeah. - When you pulled it out there, I'm like, "Well, wait a minute. Is that-- " or I had to double-- I had to take a double-take 'cause I'm like, "Wait, no, those aren't photos from Meridian. That's our hotel room." - Between Rose and Roger's case, the Jack McDonald case in Meridian, Mississippi in 1970, and the William Kyle case, I believe you have the same offender. Galesburg PD found out from Meridian investigators that toothpaste had been squeezed out into the toilet in their 1970 Jack McDonald case. I now have three cases involving hatchet murders in hotel rooms involving toothpaste being squirted out. This is starting to become compelling that we have a serial killer that's been going around the nation killing in a very unusual manner, in a very brutal manner. ♪ ♪ - I am now convinced that I have a serial killer that is responsible for the homicides of Rose, Roger, William Kyle, and Jack McDonald, and now it's time to get law enforcement on board. You know, after reading the case file, you know, my predominant theory was this is interpersonal, you know? Somebody on Rose's or Roger's side of the families. - Yeah, the statistics bear that it's usually someone that the victim knows. - So as I was reading Rose and Roger's case file, I became aware of this Galesburg case that I know you're familiar with, William Kyle. - The fact that it happened in a motel along an interstate was compelling, but we have a male and a female here and then a lone male, and so I think there were just differences enough that it was discounted. - Predatory crimes are rare, and it's very understandable that the similarities between the William Kyle case and Roger and Rose's case would not set off alarms to the Iowa County Sheriff's investigators. They haven't dealt with these types of cases before. When I got the case file from Galesburg and the crime scene photos, aspects about Rose and Roger's case started to add up with what I was seeing-- a hatched being used in a hotel right off the freeway, the chairs being pulled out and the man's wallet absolutely dissected, and then finally that toothpaste, and taking a look at their files, they had another case contained within there. - Okay. - And this was the 1970 case, homicide of Jack McDonald in Meridian, Mississippi. It was stunning. As you can see right here, on the left-hand side you have William Kyle. Right-hand side you have Jack McDonald, and in the McDonald case, there's toothpaste squirted out. - Wow. - That becomes significant. - Yes. - I am seeing the same offender killing Jack McDonald in 1970 in Mississippi that killed William Kyle in 1980 in Galesburg, and I believe the same offender is also involved in Rose and Roger's case. It appears that we have a serial killer that has been targeting males. During their investigation of William Kyle, the developed Raymundo Esparza as a suspect. The original Galesburg investigator told me something I had never heard before. He ends up reaching out to a forensic psychiatrist, and the psychiatrist keyed in on the toothpaste that had been squeezed out on the floor next to William Kyle's body and said he sees that with heroin addicts. - Really? - Heroin addicts develop erectile dysfunction, and so they will squeeze toothpaste out as a form of ejaculation simulation. - Hmm. - That matches Esparza because he is a heroin addict, and that's why getting a DNA sample from Esparza is going to be something that is a step that needs to be done. Esparza died in 1983, and he is buried in Los Angeles County. I believe getting an exhumation order, that would be the step that I would prefer, is to exhume him. - Yeah. Well, I have the prosecutor waiting to help us, so-- - Awesome. - That should not be a problem. When you bring in Mississippi and you look at those photos and those crime scene photos, you can no longer disregard that, and so I think that the case has taken a complete turn as far as I'm concerned. I think what was once discarded as a slight comparison in crime scenes is now a pretty-- pretty major lift to think that they're not related. I'm more hopeful of solving the case today than I was before. It isn't the suspects that have always been thought of, that it is somebody outside the family, and the connection between this case and the other two cases we're looking at now really, really hits that idea home. - I don't think Roger or Rose's families are involved in their case. - No, what I-- what you've shown me today just gives me completely new hope for the case because really, I still got family members from both victims that are counting on us to solve this, and I think we're getting close. - Even though this is a 40-year-old case, basically, family members are still wanting an answer. - Yes. ♪ ♪ - It's natural for families to think, you know, because Roger and Rose were having an affair, that's why they ended up being killed, but I want the families of Roger and Rose to understand where I'm at, and I do not believe this is an interpersonal crime. I want these families to stop pointing fingers at each other. ♪ ♪ Thanks for your willingness to meet with us again. You know, we're-- we've been working the case. You know, we have some updates for you, you know, and I'm sure you're gonna have some questions, you know, of us. - Have you interviewed Marcella? - We have interviewed Marcella. - Okay. She's very clever. - But I know, you know, over the decades, of course, there's been a lot of suspicion within the families that have all been affected by this, and even though I don't want to close down any investigative angle on those avenues, based on the assessment that I'm seeing right now, it appears that we have multiple cases that were committed by the same offender. ♪ ♪ - It appears that we have multiple cases that were committed by the same offender. - Are we familiar with the cases of who-- who you're-- - So these cases have been looked at before. There's a very strong suspect that we need to obtain DNA from and compare to the DNA that is present within the Iowa case. - Okay, what other progress? - What we're doing is we're doing additional DNA testing from the other cases. - Additional, okay. - Additional testing. - From that-- their cases. - In order to determine whether or not we have the same DNA showing up, which, of course, would be very strong. It's not just going to be something that's closed out based on, "This is what we think." We want to take it to where we prove this is the case. - So even though it wasn't who we thought it could have matched, if it matches anybody, that would be good. - Yes. - Key word, anybody. Exactly right. - That's right. - Oftentimes who we think is not necessarily who it will ever come back to. - I think I kinda felt almost disappointed that, you know, I'm sure of who it-- who it is or who they are, and for it then to end up being a complete different stranger, that just-- it really blows my mind. So this may be a serial-type killer? - That's right. - Okay. He just simply made a mistake, and the mistake led to this. We're proud of him. Hope he's had a chance to sit-- sit down with God... and have a good talk. ♪ ♪ - From the thought that we have a serial killer that killed Jack McDonald, William Kyle, you know, Rose and Roger-- - Mm-hmm. - This-- this is where-- now going and meeting Marcella, just kinda letting her know, you know, all three cases are related, which pretty much eliminates, you know, a family member, relative on either side of Rose's or Roger's families as being responsible. To at least be able to give Marcella that bit of information-- - Yeah. - You know, that could give her maybe some peace of mind. - So basically, we have some good news, and then unfortunately, say there's still a little bit more work that has to be done. - Yeah, and my fear is-- is that, you know, this-- this revelation without, you know, the solid proof, they're always going to have that question in the back of their mind. ♪ ♪ So Marcella, as promised, you know, I'd come back and give you an update with what I can possibly tell you at this point in time. There is an ongoing forensic testing being done, and it's very possible that that could give you a conclusive answer as to who did this. I can tell you at this point in time, after digging into this case, I am entirely confident that your father, Floyd Hatcher, had nothing to do with Roger and Rose's death. ♪ ♪ - That's a really big relief if you're telling me my dad didn't do it. - And at this point in time, I am telling you that. - It's a really big relief, really. Has this all been a dream or a nightmare? And it's like, I've waited so long and wanted to know if it was my dad or not. It's a gift to know that my dad didn't do it. - There is the possibility that-- and I think it's a very good possibility that there are other cases that could be related. - So that's-- would give us one suspect for those three cases, so it kind of takes everybody else out of the picture that has possibly been in this picture for years. - It's still a suspect. This is not somebody that we can arrest at this moment. We need to do further testing, and it's going to take some time. - But you think we're really close? - We are close, absolutely. - I don't know if Roger and I would have patched things up, amended our marriage or not. That I don't know, but I wasn't given that opportunity. Somebody took that decision away. May I hug you and thank you? ♪ ♪ Thank you. ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ - For more information about "The DNA of Murder," 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 