Adventures of Superman: Season 2, Episode 7 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Adventures of Superman 
 s2e7 - Superman in Exile - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Adventures of Superman (1952–1958): Season 2, Episode 7 - Superman in Exile - full transcript 
 Superman narrowly prevents disaster at an atomic facility. In doing so, he has become totally irradiated and will kill living things just by being close to them. This forces Superman into exile while the atomic scientists try to figure out what to do. Meanwhile, criminals kidnap Lois Lane, figuring Superman wouldn't dare try to apprehend them because of his condition. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 [♪♪♪] OpenSubtitles recommends using Nord VPN from 3.49 USD/month ----> osdb.link/vpn NARRATOR: Faster than a speeding bullet. More powerful than a locomotive. Able to leap tall buildings at a single bound. MAN 1: Look! Up in the sky! MAN 2: It's a bird! WOMAN: It's a plane! MAN 3: It's Superman! NARRATOR: Yes, it's Superman, strange visitor from another planet who came to Earth with powers and abilities far beyond those of mortal men. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Superman, who can change the course of mighty rivers, bend steel in his bare hands, and who, disguised as Clark Kent, mild-mannered reporter for a great metropolitan newspaper, fights a never-ending battle for truth, justice and the American way. It's out of control! And building in intensity every second. Gentleman, we've got to stop it, or Metropolis and every living thing within a hundred miles is doomed. Yes, we've got to stop it. But how? Mechanically, it's very simple. All we've to do is to take the center control rod and insert it in aperture B-74, 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 to neutralize the chain reaction. The trick is to get close enough to that monster to do it without... Without dying. That's right, Fred. But still I have to try it. Not you, Professor Adams. I am in charge here. It's my responsibility. But you're too important. Let me. Well, at least let me go in there with you. That way if my body can protect yours, we can get close enough to it to have you do it. All right. Allen, get on the short-wave radio and alert all police, military and civil defense. If we fail in this, Metropolis must be evacuated at once. Yes, sir. Project X calling civil defense. Project X calling civil defense. Come in, civil defense. [♪♪♪] Here I am! It is I. In the midst of this dull afternoon, I have brought you the greatest story of the century. Permit me, my card. Joseph Ferdinand, public relations. I don't understand what you're talking about. You're, no doubt, Mr. Clark Kent. Or perhaps Miss Lois Lane? No, I'm not Mr. Kent, or Miss Lane either. I'm Jim Olson and I'm busy. You have something more important? Nothing is more important than the crown jewels of my so beautiful country. I'm sorry but I can't afford to buy any crown jewels today. [LAUGHS] Buy? I'm not selling. I merely spread the enormous news that these beautiful jewels are to be exhibited here, in your so charming city. Oh, I see. You're a press agent. You got the wrong department. Excuse me, Mr. Kent? Miss Lane, I presume. Be quiet. MAN [ON RADIO]: Stand by, all channels. Relay it. Police channel stand by. Prepare to evacuate the city. Stand by all channels. Mr.Kent, what's going on here? Just a minute, Jimmy. The professor is coming out of the main chamber now. Hold it. We'll still have it straight from him in a minute. I am sure when you hear the importance of my story... Shh! ALLEN [ON RADIO]: Professor, do you have it under control? Control? No, I'm afraid not. Harris is still in there... dead, perhaps. The nuclear power is running wild. This is an emergency of the greatest nature. Huh? And you thought you had a story. You just heard what the professor said. There may be an explosion at any moment. Worse than a 100 atom bombs. [♪♪♪] Let me try and help him, professor. It's no use, Allen. You'd never get out, yourself. Anyway, we're all doomed. Look! Superman! Show me what to do, professor. I'm afraid even you can't stop this terrible thing, but if you can remove the center rod from this center aperture and insert it in aperture B-74... That's this one. It might just work. If you can reach the pile. I can try. [♪♪♪] He's still alive. Get him behind a lead shield in the decontamination chamber. But don't expose yourself. He's loaded with gamma rays. He's done it. He's done it! Attention civil defense. Sound the all clear. The danger from the nuclear pile has been brought under control. [ALARM SOUNDING] Superman! It was Superman! Oh, Jimmy! Stand back, everyone. Get me a Geiger counter. But Superman, we want to thank you. Millions of lives were saved, thanks to you. Get me a Geiger counter. Do as he says. Yes, sir. Professor, if there had been an explosion, that radiation would have been spread all over, wouldn't it? Yes, that's true. Now, it simply can't happen. But it's new, isn't it? You haven't quite figured on how to handle it, have you? The radiation? No. That's why we started to break up the pile the moment we discovered it. It's too dangerous. Anything contaminated may stay that way forever. [CLICKING] [CLICKING INCREASING] You see, the terrific power of the radiation seems to have become concentrated in me. ADAMS: No! It can't be. Your whole body, radioactive... forever? Jimmy, I'm going home. You be sure and call me if anything happens. [RINGS] Yes? He is? Well, hurry up and put him on. Hey, Miss Lane! It's him! Miss Lane! Who? Our wandering boy? Mr. Kent. Aw, hurry it up, operator, will ya? All right. Don't fall off your chair. Sure, we're waiting. Here, Let me take it. Well, well, well. Mr. Kent. And what air raid shelter have you been hiding in? Yes, Clark, we know all about it. We've already put out an extra on it. Surprise! Oh, Clark, it's horrible, isn't it? That radioactivity is all through him. He could bring death to anyone he comes near. Clark, wait. Where have you been? What? Where are you calling from? Well, uh, it's a phone... uh, sort of in the country. But Lois, why shouldn't I be in the country? I'm just trying to follow Superman and find out about him. Yes, but, he's gone up in the mountains somewhere. Clark, I know that. Everybody knows it. He told Professor Adams he was going... to get away from people. Jeepers, what's wrong? Clark, speak louder. This connection is... Operator... oh. Isn't it funny, the way Mr. Kent disappeared today just before Superman showed up out there and saved everybody? What? Shh. Clark, what's the matter with you? Why did you call? Lois, I told you. I just called to tell you I won't be coming back for a while. No, I don't know when. It'll be longer than that, I'm afraid. Much longer. Lois, maybe I shouldn't have called you at all. Clark, what kind of a story could possibly keep you away? Clark, you haven't said anything yet, except about Superman. Lois, I'll, I'll just have to write you a letter or something about it. I can't explain it to you now. I'm sorry. Goodbye. Operator. He was just talking and... From where? He did? No, never mind. [♪♪♪] Jimmy, he was calling from near Blue Peak, the same place where Supe... Oh, no. He just couldn't be. Just the same, the next time Mr. Kent's around, I'd sure like to put a Geiger counter on him. Then we'd find out if he's Superman. It's what makes me wonder. Maybe you can't. Huh? Clark says he can't come back. And why can't he unless... unless, he's Superman. [KNOCK] Here I am. It is I. One side, young man. Who is it, Skinny? Oh, it's you again. Precisely. The name is Ferdinand. Now, Mr. Regan. Regarding the crown jewels my country is sending for an exhibition. Throw him out. What? Come on, press agent. But I told you of the value. I've told you! I was handling all of the arrangements. Don't argue with the man. Yes, I've even told the papers the jewels are arriving by ship when they are not. They will be here tomorrow night by a special plane and I am the welcoming committee. I told you I don't wanna handle a job that big. Not in this town. It's too dangerous. Besides, here in Metropolis, we got a great big guy named Superman. But haven't you even seen this? It's like I told you, Mr. Ferdinand. I like to play it safe. And the man doesn't wanna read the paper. Now come on! Hold it, Skinny. Let him go. "Exile." "Self-imposed banishment to Mount Blue Peak in order not to endanger other human beings." How much did you say those crown jewels were worth? A king's ransom! Now here is the way I thought we should handle it. Your friend Skinny, here, can fly a plane, you said... Yeah, yeah. Don't worry about it. We'll take care of it. Well, what do you know? At last. Well, it looks like there'll be a hot time in old Metropolis in more ways than one from now on. Yes, sir. With Superman stuck up on a hill and out of our hair. Yeah. [♪♪♪] [RINGS] Yes? Superman? How did it work? Did it get rid of the radioactivity? Of which one, professor? Hmm? Oh, the grounding in the iron ore? Well, I found a deposit and I dove right straight through it. I can't tell you... Uh, just a moment. No, Professor Adams. I'm afraid you'd better try something else. All right, all right. I've got more faith in the acid idea, anyway. We'll parachute-drop a tank of the solution to you in the morning. This may be the neutralizing agent that will do the trick. Yes, I've read all the books you sent me. Oh, that reminds me. You're getting your papers, aren't you? Have you noticed how the crime situation in Metropolis has increased? Well, of course I've noticed. What can I do about it, when everyone I go near is threatened with the same radiation? I have the best research men in the country working on your problem. We'll find a solution, if there is one. All right. Goodbye. Superman, I've received a reply from Dr. Fischer, in Vienna. His theory is that some kind of counteracting shock might do the trick. But there would have to be a way to carry the energy off. And what kind of energy would do it? He doesn't know, and frankly, neither do I. [TYPEWRITER CLACKING] Pardon me, Miss Lane. What? It is I. They said you would work late tonight. So it struck me like a brick that here was the way to have proper coverage for the arrival of my country's jewels. The feature editor will take care of that story. But Miss Lane... He's already assigned a photographer to meet the steamship. Don't worry! But there is a secret! You can have a scoop. The exhibit is arriving in half an hour, on a special plane. The story will be all yours, if you come with me to meet it. Oh, it's just not that important a story. Oh, I'm sorry, that's not true. I'm worried about something else, that's all. Well, a job's a job, I guess. Let's go. Here they come. These are some guards I hired, Miss Lane. Just for safety. These jewels are worth a great fortune, you know. Oh. Miss Lois has been worrying about Superman. So am I. Superman can prevent a lot crimes, even if he is radioactive. Well, I don't understand. He means like if somebody tried to hijack an airplane, lady. Maybe, in a case like that, Superman wouldn't care if people got hurt with that, that radiation stuff of his! Oh, I still don't understand. What I mean is, maybe, uh, Superman wouldn't worry if it was only crooks that might get that, uh, radioactive stuff of his on 'em. What's he talking about? I'm just trying to play it safe. Now, Superman wouldn't bother a hijacked plane if any of his friends happened to be on it... now would he, Miss Lane? [SCREAMS] REGAN: There, gag her. What? When? It was on the radio. They shot one of the real airport guards. Are you sure that Miss Lane was with them? That's what it said. The moment the plane landed, they hauled the pilot out and took over! Right in the middle of the crowded airport. And they were back in the air again within two minutes! Well, what can I do about it? If I even touch that plane, everyone on it might be affected. [SOFT MUSIC PLAYS] Why don't you relax? Go on, sit down. Here. I guess you can make all the noise you want, now. Would you like to try one of these on? You might as well get used to us. You want us to treat you nicely, don't you, when we get out of the country? [THUNDERCLAP] Skinny? Just a little storm we've gotta get through, that's all. In fact, it's good. Make it harder for 'em to track us. [SOFT MUSIC PLAYING ON RADIO] MAN [ON RADIO]: And now the nightly weather report. Storm warnings and a probable thunder shower for you farmers of the region beyond... [THUNDERCLAP] With the Blue Mountain region building up the heaviest pressure. Lightning and immoderate rainfall expected before the storm passes. Stay tuned to this station for the latest news and weather reports. A "counteracting shock" of some kind... [♪♪♪] [THUNDERCLAP] It's all right. Nothing to worry about. What is it? Skin... I don't know! Feels like the tail. We're going to crash! SKINNY: Shut up! Do something! Shut up, I said! There's an emergency field near here. We'll be all right. We'll just land and check it, that's all. Skinny. There's a dump of an operation shack over there. See if they got a telephone so you can call a mechanic. Okay, okay. I think we'd better stay right here, Miss Lane. Before too long, we will continue our little trip. Sorry mister, but I'm afraid your little trip is over. Now just take it real easy. Nothing's gonna happen. You're all right, Miss Lane? How do you know who I am? He told me. Guess he gave you a pretty rough ride, huh? Who told you? Who gave us a rough ride? Why, Superman. Superman? Skinny! Never mind him, mister. My men have got him already. Come on. Let's go. Superman. So that's who it was. That's right, Miss Lane. He gave me a phone call. Told me he was going to force the plane down here. Come on. Good evening. And where have you been, Mr. Kent? Me? Oh, I've been around. Oh, "around," eh? And I suppose you can explain why you and Superman have both been missing for approximately the same length of time? My dear Miss Lane, don't you realize there's a logical explanation for everything? All right. Start getting logical. Well, let's just say that Superman had certain things to do and I had certain things to do. Such as? Well, Superman had a hunch that if he exposed himself to the full fury of an electrical storm, it might neutralize the radiations he'd absorbed. Well, it worked. Oh, it did, eh? And I suppose if Superman isn't radioactive anymore, you aren't either. Me? Radioactive? I should say not. See? This is a Geiger counter. If I were radioactive, this gadget would be clicking away like mad. And what are you doing with a Geiger counter? Oh. Well, Superman asked me to check this plane for any traces of contamination. Obviously, it's perfectly all right. See? No clicks. You're just trying to confuse me. But Superman and you... I still wonder. Wonder? Well, it's no wonder you wonder. You're a pretty wonderful girl. [♪♪♪] OpenSubtitles recommends using Nord VPN from 3.49 USD/month ----> osdb.link/vpn  
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 