Adventures of Superman: Season 1, Episode 4 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Adventures of Superman 
 s1e4 - Mystery of the Broken Statues - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Adventures of Superman (1952–1958): Season 1, Episode 4 - Mystery of the Broken Statues - full transcript 
 A notorious con artist and his thugs are going to all the antique shops in town, buying cheap figurines, and smashing them. Clark and Lois assume that they are looking for something hidden inside the figurines, so they investigate. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 [♪♪♪] NARRATOR: Faster than a speeding bullet. More powerful than a locomotive. Able to leap tall buildings at a single bound. MAN: Look! Up in the sky! MAN 2: It's a bird! WOMAN: It's a plane! MAN 3: It's Superman! NARRATOR: Yes, it's Superman, strange visitor from another planet who came to Earth with powers and abilities far beyond those of mortal men. Superman, who can change the course of mighty rivers, 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 bend steel in his bare hands, and who, disguised as Clark Kent, mild-mannered reporter for a great metropolitan newspaper, fights a never-ending battle for truth, justice and the American way. And now, another exciting episode in the Adventures of Superman! [♪♪♪] OpenSubtitles recommends using Nord VPN from 3.49 USD/month ----> osdb.link/vpn Afternoon. Can I help you? Possibly. We'll look around. Hey! What's the big idea? How much are they? 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Fifty cents apiece, but that's... I count 10. That will be $5. Nothing? Thank you, sir. Hello, Miss Lane. Greetings. Good heavens! What happened? Craziest thing. Two fellows walked in. One was a nice-looking gent carrying a cane. I just can't believe it. It's like in a dream where everything gets smashed up. You mean someone did this deliberately? The fellow stood right here smashing them on the floor. Ten of them. Here's the money. You mean he paid for them and then smashed them? No, the little one smashed, then the big one paid. It's cuckoo. Oh, you want your pitcher, huh? I had a little trouble with the handle, but if you lift it carefully I think it'll hold. Thank you. Glad to do it. By the way, I'm sorry about the breakage. All I'm sorry about is they didn't smash some of the $50 vases! Oh, by the way, do you have you any China egg cups? China egg cups? No, I'm afraid not. Try Edwards on Front Street. He'd have them. Oh, no! Wasn't no bull in the china shop, lady... Don't tell me, I'll tell you. Two men walked into the shop, a tall one and a short one. The short one smashed them and the tall one paid for the statues. How did you know? I read minds. Thanks. [CAR ENGINE STARTS] And that was about 4:30. I see. Yes, you told me. Busy? Come in, Mr. Kent. You're just the man I want to see. Nine. Uh-huh. Well, thanks a lot. Bye. You look like you've just won the Pulitzer Prize. Mr. Kent, I have just stumbled onto the wackiest story this side of a nuthouse. Now, get this. At 3:00 this afternoon, two men walked into Bonelli's Artcraft Shop... And smashed a lot of cheap plaster statuettes. Well, how do you know? Oh, I get around. Now, don't be difficult, Clark. They've done the same thing in seven places, and I have a list of 12 more here still to check. Is there a "Davis Brothers, 416 Kingsley Drive" on your list? Yes. Well, Mr. Davis called. It seems they went into his place and smashed 14 statues, and he wants us to send a photographer and shoot the wreckage for free publicity. What do you make of it? Well, obviously they're looking for something. How big are these things? Oh, not very big. White plaster, real cheap. All the same? Sort of. Animal subjects. Horses, cows, dogs, cats. Clark, will you be a good sport? Mmm? I have a hunch there's a story behind this statue-breaking binge. Now, let's buy some of them and see what's inside. Here, you cover five of the places and I'll cover six. Oh, Lois. Where's your spirit of adventure? This is silly. Now, look, I'll be home after I check my places. If you hear of anything exciting, let me know. [SIGHS] DORN: That's the dame, boss. Follow her. Uh, wait a minute. If we're going to follow her, we'll have to get Pete and Charlie to cover the rest of the shops. We'll lose her if we don't move fast. It'll be getting dark. Go ahead. We'll call from wherever she stops. [ENGAGES HANDBRAKE] That's her car. This must be where she lives. There's a drugstore on the corner. Call Pete. Have him cover the rest of the places with Charlie. I'll wait here for you. Right. Eureka! [RINGING] Hello. Clark, I found something! CLARK: You did? LOIS: I bought 15 of the statues and guess what: in the last one I found a small brass key. And that's not all. They'd already been to two of the places on my list. Hmm? Now, it doesn't make much sense, but at one of the places, MacVey's, the owner saw them pick up a small acorn and a little toy automobile, and at another... Now, wait a minute, Lois. I want to write that down. LOIS: Yes, and a little toy automobile. And at the other place, I think it was the Art Mart, they found a safety pin and a small dried-up onion. Just a minute now. Safety pin, and a small onion. LOIS: Sounds crazy, doesn't it? Maybe not. How did you make out? Well, they'd been to the four places I checked. I haven't checked the fifth one yet. It's clear across town. I'll call them as soon as you hang up. Oh! Getting interested, huh? Mm-hm. Sort of. They find anything at your places? Yes, they found a dollar bill and a little plastic cow. It gets crazier and crazier. I want you to hide that key that you found. I'll get back to you later. Okay. [LOIS SCREAMS] [STATUETTES SMASHING] [TELEPHONE RINGING] Elite Gift Shop. This is Clark Kent of the Daily Planet. We're checking on two men that have been going around town smashing statuettes. Oh, yes, they're here now. Having a wonderful time. I have 19 of those horrid little things, and if they hadn't smashed them, sooner or later I would have. Call the police and have them arrested! Oh, now, really. They're not committing any crime. Why, they've paid for the little monstrosities. Let them smash them. Very well. That was a newspaper reporter. He told me to have you arrested. For what? Oh, don't worry. Here. You can smash every solitary thing in the shop, so long as you pay for them. [♪♪♪] Okay, let's go. Thanks, chum. Don't mention it, gentlemen. Come again when you're in a destructive mood. My name is Kent. I'm a newspaper reporter. I'd like some questions answered. Out of the way, chum. Call Inspector Henderson at police headquarters. Goodness gracious! But what am I going to hold them on? I don't care. Disturbing the peace, willful destruction, anything. There's one thing you newspaper boys have got to learn. You can't take the law into your own hands. Now, look, Inspector... This time, Kent, you pulled a real boner. Those two guys may beat their crippled grandmothers five times a day and ten times on Sunday. They may be murderers and second-story men, but in this case, so far as the law is concerned, they haven't done a thing. Just smashed 19 statues. They paid for them. And what about the 3 cents they found in one of them? Big deal. The statues cost them 9 bucks and they get back 3 cents. Oh, they can get real rich that way. I'm sorry, Kent. Have to release them. Now, just a minute. Even if it's certain from the descriptions we got from various shopkeepers that the tall, smooth one is Paul Marden, one of the top confidence men in the world? Law, Kent, the law! What has he done to break the law? We don't know... yet. Until we do, we can't hold them. MAN [OVER INTERCOM]: Yes, sir. Release those two guys we just booked, and fill out Form 114, and tell O'Brien to see to it. [BUZZING] Great Scott! Lois! Lois? Get me police headquarters. After you, Miss Lane. Sit down, Miss Lane. Please. Believe me, I deeply regret exposing you to these, shall we say, uh, disreputable surroundings, but I am afraid you have no one to blame but yourself. Never mind the sweet talk. Get to the point. There is only one point. Where is the key you found in one of those statuettes? Aren't you tired of asking me that same question? You'll discover that I don't tire easily, Miss Lane. Nor does my associate. You interfered in something that was none of your business. You stuck your pretty, inquisitive nose into a matter that concerned you not one whit. I know. Curiosity killed the cat. We may have to kill more than a cat before we're through. Don't threaten me! Dorn! Leave her alone! Look, let's get one thing straight. That key belongs to me. I paid for the statue it was in and I own it. And you and your friend here can threaten me until the cows come home, but it won't do you one solitary bit of good. Nick? Paul Marden. Get the plane ready. We're going up to the mountains to do a little persuasion job. Right. Yes, what is it? MAN [OVER INTERCOM]: Fingerprint report on Miss Lane's apartment, sir. Bring it in. I'm sorry, sir. There were no prints. You mean to say...? Oh, never mind. Well, how do you like that? Marden's too smart to leave fingerprints around. That place looked like a cyclone hit it. You'd think there'd be a print somewhere. What difference does it make? We know it was Marden and his men. Fingerprints won't help us locate Lois, and I have a horrible feeling if we don't find her soon, it may be too late. [CAR ENGINE SPLUTTERS] Cops. On the floor. You folks need any help? No, thanks. The wire to the distributor head popped out. It's okay now. All right. Goodnight. Goodnight. [WHISTLES] That was a close one. Get moving! [SIGHS] Now, we know that all the statues were shipped from one European factory. We also know that Marden found seven objects in the statues, and they were an acorn, a safety pin, a toy automobile, a little plastic cow, an onion, a dollar bill and three pennies. Doesn't make any sense. Must be a code of some sort. I haven't had a chance to work it out yet, but I've got an idea. [INTERCOM BUZZES] Yes? MAN: We've got one of Marden's men, Inspector. Oh, bring him in. Swing that chair around, Kent. You bet. Okay, leave him here. Well, sit down. Ain't you guys getting a little tired looking at me? Sit down! Take off your hat. Where's Marden? How would I know? You're a two-time loser. Armed robbery in '39, and felonious assault in '44. You know what happens if we clip you now. Well, I didn't do nothing. You broke into Miss Lane's apartment. That wasn't me! Who was it? I-I don't know. Okay, punk. You want to play tag? We'll play tag. You better take the south gate. You can drive right up to the plane. Okay. [TIRES SCREECH] Once more. Where does Marden go when he holes up? I told you, I don't know. Okay, you asked for it. You're gonna get it. You'll be a three-time loser and go up for life, if we have to frame you for it! No, you can't do that! Where's Marden? Well, he's got a place up in the mountains. Where? Rock Hollow. Is he there now? I don't know. He told the guy who runs his plane... Plane? Yeah. Where does he keep it? Ramsey Airport. Hey, Kent, wait a minute! Can't wait, no time! [♪♪♪] Keep Miss Lane up at the lodge until you hear from me. If you're nice to her, she might play canasta. Could be. Happy landings! [TIRES SKIDDING] There. Well, we have an artist in our midst, Inspector. Well, at least it will give you an idea. The objects Marden and his men found in the plaster statuettes make up what's known as a rebus. And here's how it works. That's an acorn... plus "pin." Now we subtract "car." Now we add "moo" for cow. Now we subtract "onion." O-N-I-O-N. Now we add a dollar. And we subtract 3 cents. Which leaves 97. Now, what have we got left? P-M-O 97. CLARK: P-M-O 97. Let's kick that around a little bit. P-M-O 97 doesn't seem to mean anything. What about M-P-O 97, hmm? Don't look at me. I flunked simple arithmetic. What about P-O 97? Let's leave the M out for a moment. Well, it could be Post Office 97. Either a box or a substation. Well, good girl. Now we'll add the M. It is a box! Post Office Box 97, Main Branch. CLARK: That's right. There's something in Post Office Box 97 at the Main Branch that Marden has gone to a lot of trouble to get. Well, what are we sitting here for? He's got the key. Because the Post Office doesn't open till 7:00 in the morning. And I'll be there in person to help Mr. Marden open that box. [♪♪♪] You're under arrest, Marden. LOIS: Inspector, must you take so long? Let me do it. Relax, Lois. We need a screwdriver. We'll break it open. No, no, no. Wait, wait. LOIS: Oh, no! Is this what we've been beating our brains out for? No, Inspector. This. It's a ruby! The Rensselaer Ruby. That's right. The largest ruby in the world. Stolen three years ago from the London Museum. What a story! Thanks to Kent here. And to Superman. Like I always say, two heads are better than one. [♪♪♪] OpenSubtitles recommends using Nord VPN from 3.49 USD/month ----> osdb.link/vpn  
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 