Rome: Season 1, Episode 11 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Rome 
 s1e11 - The Spoils - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Rome (2005–2007): Season 1, Episode 11 - The Spoils - full transcript 
 Rejected by Vorenus and Eirene and racked by guilt for the killing of Eirene's fiancé out of a jealous rage, Pullo has sunk to working as an assassin for the gangster Erastes. When Pullo gets arrested for killing one of Caesar's popular opponents, he condemns himself by refusing to name who hired him, despite Octavian's attempts to defend him. Meanwhile, Vorenus finds his new official duties as magistrate tedious, especially when he gets caught between Caesar and the demands made by veterans' spokesman Mascias. Niobe revels in the prestige of Vorenus's office until Caesar invites the Voreni to a symposium at Atia's house. Despite Servilia's surreptitious propaganda depicting Brutus as a tyrant-killer, and the urgings of Cassius and his own doubts, Brutus resists turning against Caesar. Antony makes his move to win back Atia. On the point of death in a gladiator arena, Pullo finds a new reason to live that yet again puts Vorenus in a tight spot. Also, Caesar makes a move that compels the conflicted Brutus to make up his mind to turn against Caesar. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Subtitles downloaded from www.OpenSubtitles.org The Spoils * They're spolia opima (or "best
spoils/trophies"), that's to say the arms
and other effects that belong to an enemy
general killed by the Roman general
in a single combat. - Hurry up, girls.
- Nearly ready. You have too much
metal on you. It's not so much. I'm a magistrate,
not king of Asia. Give one
to your sister. Give one to your sister ! Will you stop fussing and
put that veil on, please ? We're going to be late. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Patron*, I kiss you. * A patron is usually a patrician but not
always (cf. Vorenus) who takes clients
(such as freedmen, businessmen, artists).
These ones are under his influence but he
provides them with advice, money, business
opportunities, and even represent them in
court. The clients will help by working on
his patron's political campaigns, appearing
with his patron in public as part of a group
of faithful retainers, or using their specialized
skills or training to enhance their patron's status. Mabinio, you honor me.
What do you want ? I... Well, I'll go
straight at it then. My piss pots were all broken
this past nine day. Soldiers, naming no legions, Thought it funny to tip them out
over the heads of honest citizens. Now now, who's to say
it were soldiers ? Might have been gladiators,
simulating. I know soldiers
when I see them... Not as I'm prejudiced. Most soldiers are
good men like yourself. But there's a lot of a foreign
element these days... 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 - It won't happen again.
- I should hope not. Roman citizens that
need and deserve respect are getting drenched
in piss instead ! There's not a drop left ! How am I to make
cloth* without piss ? * Urine is used as bleaching agent for
cleaning clothes (and even as teeth
whitener). So urine is sold to fullers
who tread clothes with their feet.
No need to say that this unpleasant
work is done by slaves. - How am I supposed to make...
- It won't happen again. Thank you, patron. Minerva* keep you. * Goddess of crafts and wisdom
(see the Greek Athena). Brother Mascius. Brother Vorenus. Big man now, eh ? You're not so small. These Roman bitches. I've done nothing but fuck
and eat and fuck since I got here. We're not under
goatskin* now, brother. * Vêtement préféré des soldats
romains en campagne. No disrespect
to your women, huh ? I am pleased to speak
with you more, Mascius, But I must see
to my clients first. And they are upset if not received
in their proper order. Of course, of course. Excuse my crude
soldier's ways. What brings you here, Mascius ? Just seeing how you do... Which is good, looks like. But where's that
old Titus Pullo ? I don't know.
I haven't seen him. Gerrae* ! * Bullshit ! You and Pullo were
like Castor* and Pollux*. * Twin brothers, sons of Zeus (Jupiter),
brothers of Helen (of Troy) and Clytemnestra.
They're called "Dioscuri" (means "sons of
Zeus"). Pullo's dead to me. Well, I'm glad to see
you're doing so good. - How's our old chief then, eh ?
- He is well. Good good. I'll not lie, your brothers are unhappy,
very unhappy. They feel the old chief's
forgot who brung him here. They cannot have more coin.
There is an agreement. There is, there is. And it's adequate coin. Got his picture on it now I see. A coiner may depict
what he likes. Fact is, our brothers
need more than just money if they're to lead honorable
and peaceful lives. Money runs out one day,
then what do they do ? What ? They need to take up
a trade maybe ? It's unlikely.
What are they to do ? Do not pose questions at me, brother.
Speak directly. We want land in Italy. Caesar will give all veterans land
when he can as he promised he would,
but not in Italy. Caesar gave you land in Italy. I am a magistrate,
and he must have an income. But I am one man,
not legions. Must be lovely. I haven't seen it yet.
I'm too busy. Of course.
Busy busy. - We don't want to be unreasonable...
- Then don't be. We have an agreement. Talk it over with your man. - Mars* and Bellona* keep you.
- And you. * God and goddess of the war (the name
"Bellona" comes from Latin "bellum", "war"). Cave*, chief. * Beware Salve, Pullo. How goes it ? Want some mouse* ? * I hear "mouse" but it's more likely
"dormouse". The famous cook Apicius
(Ist century B.C.) considers them like a
sophisticated course. Dormouses were
put in big wine-jar called "dolia". They
were fed with chesnuts and walnuts to
get fat, then roasted with honey. You should.
They do 'em savory here. Best mouse in the city. So... do you have
some work for me ? Always somebody
needs mortality. Give me a name. Trouble is, my honey,
you want discretion. This last job ? You ran that poor scurra*
up and down the Aventine like... * scurra = jester, buffoon. Justice chasing chickens. Might as well have
done it in the forum. - I'll go quiet nextime.
- I don't know. I've my reputation to think of. People come to me
for their mortality work because they know
my men are reliable. That's right.
Reliable men. I'll be quiet
as death next time. Come back tomorrow,
same time. Urbo will take you
to your man. Give me some money on spec. Not here. This is a respectable place
for decent citizens. What would they have me do ? I cannot make farmland. Certainly you can.
It's called eviction. - And who shall I evict ?
- Your enemies. Enemies ?
I have enemies still ? Strange to say. I shall make friends
of them in time. And make enemies
of your veterans... Unless something is done. Is it possible they turn on me ? They would never
fight against you, but if they're not satisfied they will turn
to banditry and raiding. In your name.
Not good. Tell Mascius I respect his honesty. Tell him my veterans
are as sons to me, and to all loyal veterans
I shall give good lands in... Pannonia*.
Good fertile bottomlands. * Nowadays, Hungary. - Pannonia ?
- Speak freely. It's hard country,
Pannonia, and far away. Mascius will refuse it. Does Mascius have
the men's full trust ? Can he sway them
either way ? He can sway the 10th men,
and what the 10th men do will sway other legions. Make him
a personal offer then. - To what limit ?
- You be judge of that. Magistrate Vorenus... My niece is holding
a symposium next market day* * That is to say on the nones of each
month (usually the 5th day, the 7th
in March, May, July and October). and I should like you and
your wife to come as my guests. We are honored, sir. You look troubled. My wife and I
are simple people, sir. No matter.
You shall get used to good society. How is it ? Much more comfortable. I don't think my back could take
another of Cicero's eulogies. No, he praises you
so long and high, one might think
he was being sincere. - Salve, magistrate.
- Salve, citizen. My husband is home. It was so good of you to visit. Not at all, I'm sure. Please come again.
I'd be so happy to receive you. Thank you. Desist that now. Receive us, she says. - I would...
- Ladies. Magistrate, sir. - Husband...
- What are these now ? Leased,
and at very good rates too. And don't they look impressive ? Put some more cloth on úem. You look tired. Why don't you lie down ? I wish I could. "By claim of the Senate
and people, our beloved father,
Gaius Julius Caesar, has been declared
dictator for life*. * This charge is supposed to be no longer
than six months. Furthermore,
the fifth month is henceforth name
July* in his honor." * It was Quinctilis before ("The Fifth"). Erase that. Cassius. It will do no good.
The image is on every wall, on every hill. Don't worry about
those scribbles. King Caesar knows
you're his loyal friend. I'm not worried about that. No, it's just...
Do I truly look like that ? It's near. Well, how tragic. But an image cannot catch your vim, your noble vitality. I speak only what's true. You have that grace in action
they say your noble ancestor* had. * Lucius Junius Brutus is the founder of
the Roman Republic after hunting down the
Tarquinii in 509 B.C. That's why plebs
put you on the walls. - They see him in you.
- They see my wretched name, that's all. Simpletons.
Let us speak of something else. There's weight in names,
isn't there ? You may call a cat a fish,
but it will not swim. The plebs love liberty.
In your name they... They would not pluck
a hair for liberty. Plebs like to see
their betters fight. It's cheaper than thear
and the blood is real. Come,
come here with me. Look now. Look at that. It is a chair.
What of it ? Chair ?
It's a throne ! I believe thrones are
generally more decorative. That is decidedly plain
and chairlike. Are you blind ? Do not become hysterical. Your mother said you were a coward.
I begin to believe her. My mother is very unhappy. Forgive me.
I spoke in anger. I am no coward,
nor am I blind. I know what Caesar is. I can see. But I have pledged
myself his friend... No, I am his friend. So for friendship you would let the republic die ? I am just a man. The life or death of the republic is not in my hands ! You are precisely wrong. The republic is in your hands. The people will not
accept a tyrant's death unless a Brutus holds the knife. Now you have gone too far. He has to die. You know him.
You know he'd never accept exile. He has to die. Wait, friend. Wait ! How's that Gaulish cunny then ? Greasy I bet. Don't talk
unless I tell you. There, in the middle.
Aufidius. Murderer !
Murderer ! Murderer ! Murderer ! Murderer ! Murderer !
Murderer ! He killed Aufidius ! Murderer !
He killed Aufidius ! Aufidius. He killed Aufidius ! Murderer ! Murderer !
He killed Aufidius ! Murderer !
Murderer ! Pannonia ? Pannonia is 900* miles away. * 1 Roman mile = 1481,50 m
900 miles = around 1333 km (828 miles) More like 600*. * Around 888 km (552 miles). In Germania practically.
It's not even provinced. Soil's black and deep they say. Tall forests,
full of game. Full of Teuton raiders and
Dacian bandits and who knows who ? * Dacia is modern Romania. Our brothers don't want
any more fighting. They won't have it. If our brothers accept Pannonia, Caesar will be extremely
grateful to you. - How so ?
- 5000 denarii. - I don't understand you.
- I think you do. I have been true to my brothers
since I first spilled blood. You think I would betray them
now for 5000 denarii ? - Seven then.
- It might be 20000. I am not so greedy as some. Not so greedy as who ? I merely say that my honor
is not for sale so cheap. In favoring Pannonia,
you would not betray our brothers. If they will not have Pannonia,
they will have nothing. - Men with swords never starve.
- But they still die, captains first. - 15.
- 10. 12. 12. I'll be away then,
brother. Good to see you. And you. - Has that man gone ?
- He has. - Is this all right ?
- You look beautiful. I'm so scared
I can hardly breathe. It will be fine. My dear girl, I have enough
to worry about. I will not be fearful
of graffiti. I'm telling you, the scribblers
are not wrong. Brutus will betray you. You seem very sure. His mother will compel him. She will not rest
until you are dead. I well imagine poor Servilia is
not very fond of me, but really, wants me dead ? Atia, you're a dramatist. Well, I've warned you.
I'll say no more. I've warned him. You're far away. Somewhere pleasant, I hope. - It's all one.
- So they tell me. I need your help. Your mother is a vicious
and heartless creature, but I find I am... wretched without her. I have done my best
to sway her, but still she shuns me
like a leper. Refuses even to speak to me. Will you talk to her for me ? Let her know how
pitiful I have become ? There's no need. Her disdain for you
is an act. She is entirely
infatuated with you. That is a wicked, foolish lie ! Atia, you let me
speak with you... Daughter, that creature over there
by the door, who is she ? The beauty in the vulgar dress ? She's with Lucius Vorenus. His wife, I expect. It's so beautiful. They've even painted
the ceiling. She has a wonderful tang
of the street about her. Let me introduce you. - Maybe we should walk around.
- No, we should wait. - They're coming towards us.
- Calm calm. Magistrate, my niece would like
to meet your lovely wife. Honored. Niobe, Atia. How did a grim thing like you
win such a flower ? I found her when she was still
young and foolish. Perhaps you will entertain Niobe while I speak with
her fortunate husband ? Delighted. Now, tell me, who on Gaia*'s earth
made this astonishing dress ? * Gaia is archaic word for "gê"
(deified Earth, great-mother of
all the gods). - I did.
- You didn't. I did. So...
What does Mascius say ? He will accept
Pannonia for 12. Very good. I did not think he would
sell himself so cheap. I must send you to negotiate
all my corruptions. I would rather not, sir. I spoke in jest. I understand. Please. You have corrupted
one man and saved thousands
from banditry. I often wish I were
back in Gaul. There is something pleasingly
simple about warfare. - Vorenus...
- Magistrate Vorenus, if you please. He outranks you now, my boy. Excuse me,
magistrate Vorenus. I hear rumor
among the servants that Titus Pullo
is in the dungeons awaiting trial for murder. Is it true ? It is. He has been hiring himself out
as a knifeman. He killed a man
in broad daylight. We must do
something for him. We must do nothing. Nothing ? The man he killed
was Aufidius Dento, deputy chief of the Caelian
nailmaker's association. Popular man, apparently,
and a vocal critic of my leadership. People will suspect
I ordered his death. I must not confirm those suspicions
by helping Pullo. And did you ? Order his death ? I did not know he existed
until he didn't. I have no notion
why he was killed. Public man like that,
might be many reasons. I can't appear to be
sending out my soldiers to murder anyone
who opposes me. I would lose support
of the plebeians... Perhaps Vorenus and I
might be able to... Nor can anyone
associated with me help him. Has he any friends ? Who will help him find
a lawyer to defend him ? He is guilty. People must see justice done. Soldiers have to learn
they're not above law. I'm sorry, Vorenus.
I know he is brother to you, but there is no choice. It's all true. I think we can
go now unless you... Can we ? This is
very nice, but... I know. Castor. In the morning,
bring Timon the Jew here. Good night, mother. Good night, my love. I don't see
what's wrong with it. Number one justice
right here ! Right here ! Take me, boss !
Top lawyer ! Top lawyer ! - You're good are you ?
- Good ? I could have Medea* acquitted. * With Circe, who is her aunt,
she's the second and last witches of
the Greek mythology. Princess of Colchis
(= Georgia), she falls in love with Jason
when he comes to claim the Golden Fleece.
For him, she betrays her father and kills
her brother to flee with Jason. When several
years later, Jason repudiates her in
order to marry a princess, she kills her
own children. What's your case ? Man,
name of Titus Pullo... - On your way, jew.
- You don't want the case ? I'd rather suck
Pluto*'s thorny cock ! * God of the Death and the Underworld. Anyone ? Anyone want work ? Anyone ? It would go much easier for you
if you said who it was that paid you. It-It shows penitence. I can't help you.
Sorry. I gave my word. Perhaps you need the money
to help your sick mother ? Or a friend in need ? Something like that would help. I needed money for wine. Have... Have you any friends
that would speak for you ? There must be someone ! Good bread, this.
Have you got any more ? Titus Pullo, soldier,
13th Gallic legion: accused of homicide. Res* citizen Aufidius Dento, * res = case Caelian hill, tribe of Falerna. Brought to trial by his friends. We begin. Who speaks for the corpse
of Aufidius Dento ? I... Maius Nigidius. Who speaks for Titus Pullo ? I-I... Priscus Maevius. Accusator, proceed. Citizens, friends... When I was told
of the death of Aufidius, I was deeply saddened. A good man, stabbed !
Butchered ! Hacked to death in daylight
on a public street ! I was deeply saddened. But I was not surprised. These horrors have
become commonplace. Wretched specimens like this are common as rats. I will not take your time
with lengthy proof of his guilt. Look at him ! It's not open to question.
We all know he's guilty. When I find a rat
in my cellar, I don't ask questions,
I have a slave squash him underfoot... Salve, brother. And to you, brother. Not good, eh ? What are you doing here ?
I thought Pullo was dead to you ? Dead to all soon. Hard as adamant, you. Well, you might
be wrong, though. Many's the slip
'tween knife and altar. - What ?
- Pullo is not alone. We'll not let any brother
be damned by this dirty mob. These dogs will be
yelping louder soon. When they bring him
down off there, We'll go in swinging
and have him away. - Call them off !
- Why ? Do you not understand
what is at stake here ? - Brother Pullo's life.
- Politically. What is at stake
politically. Politically.
I fuck politically in her fat ass. If Pullo is rescued
by Caesar's men, people will assume that
he ordered Dento's killing and Caesar will
be held responsible. And so ?
Caesar can do as he likes. He is trying to re-establish
law and order. That won't work
if his soldiers are seen to be killing citizens
without consequence. Still, I can't call
the boys off now. - Why not ?
- Because it makes me look bad. You could look far worse. You will tell them ? I will if I have to. Look at us, brother. How has it come to this ? It is for the good
of the republic. It's a worthy cause then. Just call them off. To add insult to injury,
this soldier, this brute, this barbarian
from who knows where, refuses to name his paymaster ! Caesar ! Caesar ! We name no names, citizen.
We cannot know. We might guess. We might very well guess, but we cannot know. Which makes his crime
even worse. Is there punishment enough
for monsters such as this ? But perhaps my learned friend can tell us otherwise. Priscus Maevius speaks. This-this man... is nothing
but a helpless servant. A tool, a puppet. We should feel pity, not anger. Pity for his... Pity for his degradation. Wait.
Do you claim him innocent ? No, I'm simply
saying that... Well if you do not deny his guilt,
then we're done with it. Do you deny his guilt ? - No, I do not sir.
- Very well. Titus Pullo condemned to death
in the arena*. * It wasn't rare condemned men were
killed by gladiators or wild beasts in the
arena (exécutés par des gladiateurs dans
l'arène (these "spectacles" took place at
noon and were meant as the more savage). You know that I have always
looked on you as my son. Oh dear,
one of those conversations. Good move. I have a favor to ask of you,
father to son. I need someone to take over
Macedonia from that idiot Valerius. I would like to appoint you. I, govern Macedonia ? If you will accept. Why by three Furies* would you
want me to govern Macedonia ? * They're allegories for Vengeance.
Their heads are wreathed with serpents
and their eyes full of blood.
They hunt the criminals and torture them
until they drive them mad (hence their
name, "Furor" in Latin means "madness"). You are the right man
for the job. I can think of
few men less right. Brutus, you've always
underestimated yourself. You might achieve great things
if you would but try. In Macedonia ? I think not. I would ask you to reconsider. I need someone I can trust. - You need me out of Rome ?
- Not at all. I need your help. Someone you can trust ? Am I wrong to do so ? - You have doubts, do you ?
- I did not say that. Speak plain, I beg you. Have I given you reason for doubt ? Since you ask, you have
as you well know. You speak of years ago. Old betrayals do not signify ? I betrayed nothing. Had you told me
you were to march on Rome and asked me
for my allegiance, I would have given it. I would have
judged you insane... But I would have given
you my allegiance because I look on you
as my father. - Brutus...
- But you did not ask me for my allegiance. You demanded it at swordpoint. I betrayed nothing ! Forgive me, I spoke too hot. You have never betrayed me. So why do you not trust me now ? I trust you completely. So much so that you
would send me from Rome
to govern Macedonia ? Well... Thank you. I am honored, but I will not go. It is in my legal power
to insist that you do go. As my father, as my father
I looked on you... For a year or so,
no more. Until the city is stable. Forgive me.
I feel unwell. Perhaps we can finish
this game another time... Be reasonable ! You're on every wall
with a knife at my throat ! I would be foolish
to ignore it. Only tyrants need worry about tyrant killers. And you are no tyrant. Haven't you told me so many times ? You may go. Janus*, Gaia* and Dis*... * Janus, two face-god invoked when
we're about to change (like death).
Gaia is the Mother Earth, in which Pullo
will be burried.
Dis ("the Rich") is the god of the Death
and of the Underworld. I humbly beg you accept this creature
as my offering, and if it pleases you... I ask you to give
Eirene long life. And same for my friend Lucius Vorenus
and his family, if it's not too much. And let Eirene know that I am sorry for what I did. Come on, soldier, up ! Cave* with this one... * See note line 92. Soldier. Come on, coward !
Fight ! Stand up and fight. I don't want to. That's not how it works. You're supposed to resist. Not if I don't want to. I just want to die, all right ? So come ahead and kill me
and be done with it. Bollocks.
Move ! What's wrong with you ?
Where's your dignity ? Get up and fight ! Soldier !
Wake up ! Why don't you come here
and suck my cock ? Look, just hold your sword. Just stand up and hold it,
that's all. You don't have to
run about or anything. You're naught
but a bloody mollie. You and the whole 13th !
Naught but bloody mollies. Don't talk of the 13th. I piss on the 13th ! Pig spawn, all of em. Why don't you and the 13th
all line up and suck my cock ? 13 ! 13 ! 13 ! 13 ! 13 ! 13 ! Pullo ! Pullo ! - In autumn, they disappear.
- Who ? Eels, they all disappear. - That so ?
- Where ? - Where what ?
- Well, where do they go ? - The eels ?
- That's what I'm saying. Nobody knows. It's a mystery. I was expecting you time ago. If we employ you again, next time, best not use veterans. Mother ? I owe Caesar
no more friendship I must do my duty. I'll speak to Cassius. See what can be done. www.tvsubtitles.net Best watched using Open Subtitles MKV Player 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 