Rome: Season 1, Episode 10 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Rome 
 s1e10 - Triumph - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Rome (2005–2007): Season 1, Episode 10 - Triumph - full transcript 
 The price of Caesar's mercy: Cicero nominates Caesar to an unprecedented ten-year dictatorship and Brutus speaks in support of the motion. With martial authority and Niobe at his side, Vorenus campaigns for magistrate under Posca's advice, but is shocked to learn from Posca that Caesar has already fixed the election in Vorenus's favor. Meanwhile, Atia continues her humiliation of Servilia while denying any involvement in her assault. But Atia becomes troubled by the silent depression of Octavia after Octavian compels her to return home from the cloister where she had fled. As Servilia lies at home shattered by her recent attack, she soon revives and gets her self-confidence back when she takes in the homeless and embittered Quintus Pompey whom she sees as her tool for revenge against Caeser for leaving her. As Caesar prepares for his Triumph involving five days of celebration and games, Antony finds that the dictator has no sense of humor about the trappings of power. The circulation of a denunciation of Caesar, signed by Brutus, fascinates Rome but stuns Brutus, who suspects his mother. Denied permission to march with the Thirteenth in the Triumph, the dejected Pullo resolves to make a new life as a civilian with Eirene, but his dream leads only to horror for the Vorenii and utter wretchedness for himself. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Triumph* * Dear me, I've never seen
so many long faces. It is customary
to be sad at a funeral. Well, the republic
is old and infirm. Death can be a merciful
release in such cases. You do not mean that. You do not believe that. You of all people shouldn't
lay jokes about tyranny. I am deadly serious. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 It is in all our interests to be reconciled
with Caesar now, for the good of Rome. The good of Rome indeed. As soon as this...
farce is done, I shall retire to the country and wait for the city
to come to its senses. It is the only
honorable thing to do. My dear friend, we have no honor. If we had honor,
we would be with Cato and Scipio
in the afterlife. First, Senate will hear
Marcus Tullius Cicero. On this eve of his
most glorious triumph, 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 I move that
Gaius Julius Caesar be made imperator* and granted absolute power
over Rome for a period of 10 years. As some of you know, Caesar and I have
had our disagreements. However that may be, he has shown himself to be as wise
and merciful in victory as he was invincible in battle. Let this be an end to division and civil strife. I willingly pledge
my loyalty to him, and I urge you all
to do the same. I heartily commend the motion proposed by Marcus Tullius Cicero. The motion
is carried unanimously. Many of you here today fought against me. Many of you wished me dead. Many of you perhaps still do. But I hold no grudges and seek no revenge. I demand only this... That you join with me in building a new Rome, a Rome that offers justice, peace and land to all its citizens, not just the privileged few. Support me in this task, And old divisions
will be forgotten. Oppose me... And Rome will not forgive you
a second time. Senators... the war is over. Domina. Atia of the Julii is here. Atia ? Here, now. She wishes to see you. Atia... In my house ? My dear Atia. How lovely to see you. Bona dea. My poor friend. What have they done to you ? You're so sweet. Come sit down. I'm very sorry
I haven't visited sooner, But to be honest, I was far too
upset to face seeing you. The very idea, it's...
It's too sinister. A noblewoman stripped naked
and beaten on the streets... Horrible, horrible. Tell me truly,
how are you now ? I'm recovering very well. Have they found
the culprits yet ? They have not,
but justice will find them eventually. I'm quite sure of that. Would you have
some lemon water ? That would be lovely. - Brutus is well, I hope.
- He is. It's so wise of him to choose
submission to my dear uncle. I was very afraid he might try some foolish act of bravery. Men are so silly about
their honor, no ? I've come to ask you if you will sit with me
at the triumph. Even though I'm being
besieged by sycophants asking for space,
I thought, "no, if someone were
to have first choice, it should be
my dear friend Servilia who's been
through so much pain." That is very thoughtful of you... But I think I shall not
be well enough. Well, that's a pity. - Are you sure ?
- I am. - Well, if you change your mind...
- I will let you know. People tell me that
Octavia's left the city, But no one knows where. I hope there's nothing amiss. Not at all. She's staying at my
cousin's villa in Paestum*, * Paestum ancient Greek colony in Campania
become Roman. It is located near the coast
about 85 km. SE of Naples, Italy. mooning over some young fool
of a poet she's met there. She'll be back
in time for the triumph. Brother. What are you doing here ? I've come to take you home. - This is my home.
- This ? This is not your home. I'm happy here. I don't believe you. In any case, your place is
with your family. Bad enough to run away, but to these people ? This isn't the healthy
way of life. You call
our family healthy ? Our corruption stinks in
the nostrils of Mother Earth. This is your
foreign priests talking. They are frauds.
They only want your money. Priests are nobody.
They're just servants here. This is
the Great Mother's house. The Great Mother
wants nothing from me. - I'm a worm in her sight.
- You are not a worm. You are a daughter
of the Julii. It looks very ill,
you running away like this. Reflects badly
on the whole family if it were known publicly. For a moment I thought
you wanted me back - because you missed me.
- Don't be silly. We've missed you terribly. Your mother has missed you. I believe even the servants
and animals have missed you. And you ? And I. I've missed you. I can't go back. What's done is done. I forgive you.
Your mother forgives you. You forgive me ? Mother forgives me ? What if I don't forgive ? Whatever you think
she may have done, consider the possibility
she did it out of love for you. I'll never forgive her. Be that as it may, your forgiveness
is irrelevant. You must come home. I'm sorry, I will not. I don't want to use force. The priests will protect me. They won't. I've bought them. Quite cheaply. I beg you, let me stay here. What have you done ? Fellow citizens
of the Aventine ! Fellow citizens ! Fellow citizens
of the Aventine ! My name is Lucius Vorenus, tribe* of Stellatina,
veteran of the 13th legion. * There were 35 tribes in Rome and
every citizen belonged to one of them. Some of you may know me. I bring you good news. Caesar has put an end
to patrician tyranny, and will ensure
that the common people - be heard once more.
- Go back to Gaul, ginger knob. I'll not deny it, friend,
I have a Gallic look about me, but I'm as solid Roman
as you are. I've shed blood for Rome. My father shed blood for Rome, as did his father
and his father before him. My wife... My wife was born
here, in the Aventine ! I am as solid a Roman
as any man here ! If I am elected
as your local magistrate, I promise on Jupiter's stone to strive to make this
an era of peace, prosperity and justice for all Aventine. Tomorrow Caesar holds a triumph, a symbol of his love
for the people of Rome. Cack ! Why don't you shut up, you... Ladylike, madam, ladylike. Five days
of feasting and games as appreciation
for the trust and support the people of Rome
have given Caesar. Freedom, more like !
We've given him our freedom and our honor ! I would not be standing here
on Caesar's slate if I did not believe,
if I did not know that he has only the republic's
best interests at heart. "A new era." "Tomorrow's triumph,
a new era." With tomorrow's triumph,
a new era begins. For all Aventine.
For all Rome. - It was good. You did well.
- Thank you. King of all the Gauls. Makes you think,
doesn't it ? It does. Goodbye, old friend. Do your best to tidy him up.
He looks dead already. Found you at last, you bastards. - I've been through the whole damned army.
- The famous Titus Pullo. To what do we owe this honor, citizen ?
Do you come to wish us luck ? Listen, I've got most of my kit,
but I've lost my crest. Surely someone's got
a spare, you think ? It's only a crest.
It's not like I lost my sword. Well, you can't march with us. You've left the legion.
You signed yourself out. I know, but...
13th forever, eh ? It's enlisted men only in the triumph.
You're a civilian. Civilian ? I'm the hero of the whole
mumping legion, I am. I saved your skin more than once. Shouldn't have to remind you that. If you want to sign up for a few
more years, that's a different story. You can march with us
till your feet are nubs. Haven't I spilled
enough blood for the 13th ? Don't be like that. I don't fucking make
the rules, do I ? I follow them. It's enlisted men only.
Don't push it. If you come by after, I'll stand you some
drinks, eh ? Stand me some drinks ? I've got better things to do than go
drinking with the likes of you. Well, walk on then, citizen. Walk on ! Right, ladies, on your feet ! Time to look like soldiers ! Is this too much ? - Just enough, I'd say.
- I don't know. I think it's too purple.
I want to suggest purple without actually wearing it*. * It will look less loud
in direct light. - What do you think ?
- Jupiter in life. Resemblance is uncanny. What do you find amusing ? It's absurd, isn't it ? Dressing up,
playing at being god ? Playing ? I'm not playing*. * A statue of Caesar was placed in the
temple of Quirinus (the deified likeness
of the city and its founder and first king,
Romulus) with the inscription:
"To the Invincible God". This is not a game. As you wish. It is not a game. Something more red. - Is the canal around the circus filled ?
- It is. It was not last night. - I saw to it at first light.
- Very good. Make sure the elephants are give
their emetics in good time. I don't want my chariot
slowed by giant turds. You are looking much better. I am not better, however. Well, I must get you
out to the country, perhaps. Some... ... fresh air and sunshine
would do you good. This lying abed is not healthy. I rise when I have
reason to do so. Don't loiter here pretending
to be solicitous. Go to your friend's
obscene display. Mother... Go ! Go. Do you want some color
on your cheeks ? Please, darling, say something. This horrid silent business, it's most upsetting. - What did they do to you ?
- They did nothing. She speaks.
There's a start. They were very kind to me. Kind enough to let you
hack away at yourself like a... side of pork. My poor little grump. I didn't realize until now
how much I missed your gloomy presence
around the place. - Domina... There's a beggar at the door
who says he is Quintus, natural son of Pompey. He asks for your son's
protection. Send him away. - Take your hands off me !
- Get out ! Brutus ! Scared to talk to me, eh, coward ? You're a coward, Brutus ! I swear by Janus*, * Janus was the god of doors, doorways,
beginnings and endings.
Quintus calls upon him as
god responsible for changes
and transitions, as the ones
that the city's through. Jupiter* and Juno*, * Jupiter is not only the supreme god.
He's also a part of the Capitoline
Triad, (Jupiter, Juno and Minerva)
who protects Rome. I swear on the grave
of my father, I, Quintus Valerius Pompey, I'm going to kill
that son of a whore tyrant ! I'll get Ajax
to deal with him. - He's a bastard traitor to Rome...
- Wait. and you're
a traitor too, Brutus ! Pompey's natural son, eh ? I am. I gather at least you're still
no friend to Caesar. I'll burn him alive. I will pluck out his eyes, I... Be calm. You're among friends. All will be well. Have him washed and fed. Caesar ! Caesar ! Glorious Caesar ! The gods favor you, Caesar ! Caesar ! Caesar ! "Tables for 5000 men "will be set up
in the cattle forum*. * It's the Forum Boarium,
the oldest forum in Rome. "Slaves and freedmen
are not eligible. "Those citizens that cannot find
a proper seating place "must leave "when ordered
by the civic officers*. * These officers are the aediles,
responsible for maintenance of public
buildings, regulation of public festivals
and enforcing of the public order. "Gaius Julius Caesar has decreed "in tribute
to their virtue, "each and every citizen of Rome "will be issued
from the Public Treasury "the sum of 100 denarii." "Further, "20000 deserving families "will be given farms "on the public lands
around Capua." "Further, for the coming year, "All rents...
All rents "on low dwellings in the city "will be paid in full "by Gaius Julius Caesar." Very noble, and very nicely expressed,
if I may say so. Might I have a quiet word ? Of course. A quiet word. You may speak
in front of Quintus. As you wish.
It is of Quintus I speak. The good man has been here
several days now. Perhaps he grows weary of entertaining us
with his happy presence. Do not mind him, Quintus.
He has no manners. He shall stay
as long as it pleases me. Well, that's the thing, mother. I do not see
in what way he could possibly please you. What is his purpose ? Does he help you
to write poetry ? - He has a good ear.
- Indeed ? - You surprise me.
- He has fire in him. It warms me. Light more lamps
if you are cold ! It looks very ill to keep a son
of Pompey in our house. And we should strike
such fine figures otherwise ! So you see the fourth clause
of the previous statute only applies in cases
of fire and flood, unless otherwise stipulated
in the appendix. - Do you see ?
- Not clearly. I'm not sure I can explain it
in simpler terms. Surely this can wait
until after the election. There's no point learning
all this if I lose. You will not lose. You're very sure of that.
There are other candidates. I believe I warned you
about mocking me. Forgive me, sir.
I had thought you understood
the system. The other candidates
are straw men. Straw men ? It saves a great deal
of useless strife if there's no opposition,
but it would look ill if Caesar's man was
the only one standing. These facts
disturb you somehow ? The elections are sanctioned
by Jupiter Capitolinus*. * Cf. note line 303. They are sacred. Caesar also is sanctioned
by Jupiter, is he not ? By augury,
by triumph, by acclaim of the people. Anything he does is sacred. In a way,
he is a demigod. For one day only. For the rest, he is
a mortal man like you and me. Mortal or not,
he is trying to save the republic. By corrupting the elections ? The Roman people are not
crying out for clean elections. They are crying out for jobs. They are crying out
for clean water,
for food, For stability and peace. You can do great things
for your people. You can help save the republic. Or you can go back to your shop
and resume selling mutton and pig, Have dirty hands
but a clean conscience. So what do you say ? Say to what ? You haven't heard
a word I've been saying. Is everything all right ? Forgive me. So what was it you needed ? I want to free Eirene,
take her off to the country, - if you'll lend me some money.
- Of course. And I'll need you to come
with me to the slave registry, to vouch your name
for my ownership. Slow down.
Why are you freeing Eirene ? Can't marry her otherwise. Marry her ? Look, I've... I've been feeling
strange and low and empty
these last months, and... Anyway, I've puzzled it out,
and I realized what it was. I love Eirene. I love her, and I want her
to bear my children and be my wife, and... Congratulations, I suppose. So you'll be going
to the country, you say ? Leaving Rome ? Rome's no place for me. I need clean air,
room to move. And what will you do
when you get there ? There's always work for
a good man with a sword. Well, as long as you're sure... I've thought it through. I've never been so sure
of anything in my life. I'm happy for you. I hope you find
your path. Still here ? I thought you were retiring to
the country as a point of honor. You do right to mock me. You make me feel small. A joke, old man, a joke. I'm always happy
for your company. So... Why didn't you
tell me beforehand ? I could have been
of assistance perhaps. What are you talking about ? Everyone is reading it ! I saw some temple prostitutes*
with a copy. * They're hierodules, slaves who have sex
with pilgrims to serve and honor a deity. "A call to virtue." The writing is... adequate,
which is something we should talk about,
but the sentiments are full of... ...grace and bravery. "Sons of the republic,
the blood of our forefathers calls you to honor the memory
and emulate the deeds de... ...Porcius Cato,
the last true Roman." Who wrote this ? You did. Gods beneath us ! Mother ! Mother... Have you seen this ?
This lunacy ? Of course I've seen it.. It's not lunacy. It is a cogent defense
of republican principles against the forces of tyranny. I am rather proud of it. You wrote this ? In my name ? Cassius* contributed * Several nice
turns of phrase. You know Cassius, of course. Of course. Delighted. Quintus. It's lovely to see you again. - It's been too long.
- Indeed. You will excuse me if I... ...speak with my mother
privately ? I'm deeply sorry
you feel I have failed you, but this...
this is going too far. My name is not yours
to be used... You haven't failed me. You can't fail me,
I'm your mother. - You have failed the republic.
- Dear gods ! Bring me a pen and paper It's bad enough that you keep that little madman
Quintus in this house, but this...
This ! - I don't know what to tell him.
- Why don't you fall on your knees and kiss his feet
and beg for mercy ? - It served you in the past.
- But not you. Eh ? Perhaps you did not
beg hard enough. You... You do understand... he might have me
killed for this ? Rome has fallen into the hands
of a corrupt monster. You, direct descendant of the father of the republic*, * what do you do ? What would you have me do ? What would
your father have done ? What would his father
have done ? Would they bend their knees
to a tyrant ? They would take account of the specific circumstan... They would chase him out of
the city like any mad dog ! Chased him out ? And how am I
to do that exactly ? You would not be alone. Ah, these fine men in the house are very very good.
I am reassured. They are good men.
And there are many others, men of rank and wisdom. It is not a dog gone mad. I would rather be mad
than disgrace our name. No more ! You send your fool
henchmen away... and forget this insanity. - Brutus.
- Cassius, it's lovely to see you but as you can see... Of course,
forgive the intrusion. Perhaps I may visit
another time. Good.
Certainly. On Jupiter's stone,
you're a full Roman citizen, and you attest to this man's
ownership of listed property ? I am. I do. Sign here. Any kind of mark will do. I can write my name
as good as the next man. Done. 42.
42 up. Eirene. Come over here.
I want to talk to you. I'll leave you to it. I've been to the registrar of slaves.
You're no longer my slave. You've sold me ? Please don't sell me. Don't send me away.
I beg you. I'm setting you free. You're free.
It says so here. Thank you. Thank you.
You're the kindest
man alive. I love you, sir.
I love you, sir. Here is a dress. Go try it on. Let's see how it looks. Titus Pullo, sir.
I cannot thank you enough. Thank me ?
What are you thanking me for, boy ? For freeing her. We have been saving
to buy our freedom, But we never...
To happen so soon. I cannot tell you
what a gift it is. You've both been saving ?
You and Eirene ? We thought to take
the Vorenus name* as ours * When a slave gets freed, he takes
the first and the last names of his master.
The name he had when he was a slave
becomes his nick (cognomen),
the third part of each Roman name (for men). when we became freedmen, but Eirene says
it must be under your name she becomes my wife. Wife ? Legal wife, I mean. We are...
already married in our hearts. * Eirene ?
My Eirene ? Sir ? Sir ! Dead ? Looks like. What happened ? I killed him.
I did it. I can see that, but why ?
Why did you do this ? It doesn't matter*. * Killing a slave isn't considered as
a murder in the Roman law. It does matter, though. It matters to me. This boy was my property. - He angered me.
- He angered you ? He... He and Eirene,
they were... So what does that matter ?
Did you think she was a virgin ? She's still yours
to use as you wish ? I love her. This is
how you prove it ? This is no charnel house
to kill people as you want. This is my home.
My home ! You do this violence
before my children ?! I'm sorry. Silence ! I'll pay you back. Pay me back with what,
you damn fool ? You've got no money
but what I've given you. But please... do not call me a fool. I'll call you what I like.
You're a damn fool. I don't care about the money.
It's... It's the disrespect. Look at what you did !
Look at him ! Maybe you're right. Probably I am a fool. Never was a clever one like you. Never demoted, you,
never flogged, never locked up. Straight to the top. And here you are, with your nice, clean, white toga. Lovely cloth, that* ! * Only a citizen standing for some charge
can wear such a whitened toga. Stays clean, no matter
how much you wade in the filth. Speak your mind. As you will.
Time was, you said Caesar was
a rebel and a traitor. And now, today, he tosses you some coin
and some farmland, and he's savior of the republic,
and you're kissing his royal* ass. * You stand up. Stand up !
Stand up ! I'll not fight you. Then go. Go and do not come back here. Go. Go !
And do not come back here. Eirene, I'm sorry.
I'm sorry. Stay away from her. Right. Sorry. I had no idea. I must go now. You... You do believe me ? My dear friend,
of course I believe you. You have never lied to me. Besides, why would you
put your name to a thing - and then deny it ?
- Well, exactly. And anyone... Anyone may
forge my name to a thing to give it weight. We shall just have to become
used to it, no doubt. I wonder who it was
that wrote it. I wish I knew. Someone of talent.
Anyhow, I've seldom seen a bad case so well put. I shall have to write a reply. Well, as long as you and I
know where we stand... Where do we stand ? I hope we are the best
of friend, are we ? We are,
we are. Brutus, I have never doubted
your friendship or fidelity. Even when we were enemies. Titus Pullo. You look tired, my friend. I'm drunk. These are hard times
for war veterans. You're right there. Too many soldiers
back in Rome. Not enough work to go round.
It's a sad situation. But it's a crime to see a man of
your ability unemployed. I'm doing fine. I have plenty
of irons in the fire. Well, if your prospects
don't work out, you can ask on any street
in the Aventine Erastes Fulmen. I will always have
a job for you. I'm a soldier,
not a murderer. These days, Pullo,
is there really any difference ? Have a drink on me. When you've sobered up,
come and see me. We'll talk a little business. www.tvsubtitles.net Best watched using Open Subtitles MKV Player 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 