Happy Days: Season 1, Episode 13 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Happy Days 
 s1e13 - Great Expectations - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Happy Days (1974–1984): Season 1, Episode 13 - Great Expectations - full transcript 
 The Cunninghams get an unexpected glimpse inside Bohemian counter-culture when Richie befriends a beatnik and brings her home for an evening with the family. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 (Bill Haley and the Comets) ♪ One, two, three o'clock, four o'clock rock ♪ Five, six, seven o'clock, eight o'clock rock ♪ Nine, ten, eleven o'clock, twelve o'clock rock ♪ We're gonna rock around the clock tonight ♪ Put your glad rags on, join me, hon ♪ We'll have some fun when the clock strikes one ♪ We're gonna rock around the clock tonight ♪ We're gonna rock, rock, rock till broad daylight ♪ We're gonna rock, gonna rock around the clock tonight ♪ When the clock strikes two, three, and four ♪ If the band slows down, we'll yell for more 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 ♪ We're gonna rock around the clock tonight ♪ We're gonna rock, rock, rock till broad daylight ♪ We're gonna rock, gonna rock around the clock tonight (guitar solo) ♪ When the chimes ring five, six, and seven ♪ We'll be right in seventh heaven ♪ We're gonna rock around the clock tonight ♪ We're gonna rock, rock, rock till broad daylight ♪ We're gonna rock, gonna rock around the clock tonight ♪ When the clock strikes twelve, we'll cool off then ♪ Start a-rockin' 'round the clock again ♪ We're gonna rock around the clock tonight ♪ We're gonna rock, rock, rock till broad daylight ♪ We're gonna rock, gonna rock around the clock tonight ♪ 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Hello, boy. You were watching me for quite a spell, weren't you? Yes, I was. You know, I... I like a man who watches things go on around. Shane, you want me to tell you somethin'? Let's do somethin'. It's only the second day of summer vacation, and it's duller than school. Hey, let's split. This is where we came in. I-I think I'm gonna stay and see this one part over again. OK. Catch you later, Rich. Good luck. With what? The girl in the fourth row. Here, take my Jujubes. She's wild about 'em. (boy) I'll wrap it up careful in the blanket again. (Shane) That's a good boy. Could I see it again? You promised you'd show me how to shoot. Please? All right, Johnny. Come on. (horse neighs) (cow moos) Well, we got some learnin' to do, huh? Come on. Stand right here. Is this seat taken? Is the universe mindless and soulless? It's taken. Oh, not yet. Oh. Well, mind if I sit here? You're free. Do what you want. (sighs) I'm Richie. I'm Deidre. How do you like the movie? Great. It's got a lot of daylight scenes. Daylight scenes? Yeah, like, it makes it easier to read. Oh. What are you reading? Warts on my Soul. Shh! Shh! Oh, um, I'm not familiar with that. Oh, it's poetry, man. Oh, that's nice. I-I like poetry. It gets you where you live. Where do you live? Here. Here? Here... in the movies here? Yeah. Yeah, see, like, my boyfriend and I split, and so I was leaving town, and my car broke down. Oh, I'm sorry. Why? I mean, it doesn't matter where I am or how I am... just that I am. Yeah, I never really, uh, thought of it that way. Listen, I have this friend who's a terrific mechanic. His name is Fonzie. Thanks. Well, what do you think about the car, Fonzie? It's gonna have to be in the shop a couple of days. That's too bad, because Deidre doesn't have anyplace to stay. Oh, that's OK, Richie. Maybe I could just stay here and sleep in the car. Uh, you're gonna have to ask the boss first, and I don't think he's gonna be too understanding. Well, where is he? He's in the office hiding the keys to the restroom. I can just go back and stay in the movies. Oh, no, no. That's ridiculous. You'll come to my house and have dinner, and then we'll decide what to do. Oh, I wouldn't want to put your folks out or anything. You won't be putting anybody out. How was the Junior Chipmunk meeting, dear? Good. Barbara Jo Allen ate a fly. With beef at 68 cents a pound, I can't blame her. We were learning how to live in the wilderness. Barbara Jo always takes things really seriously. (Richie) Hi, Mom, Dad. Hi, dear. You're a little late. Sorry. Uh, could I have a friend over for dinner? Certainly. Your friends are always welcome here. Good. I was hoping you'd say that. I hope it's not Potsie. It's not Potsie. Mom, Dad, this is Deidre. Like, hi. How do you do? Won't you sit down and join us? Thank you. I'd like to wash the world's impurity and insincerity from my hands. Uh, Joanie, would you kindly show our guest where we keep our hands sincere? What? Show her where the bathroom is. Oh. Oh, this is really nice of you. But I think I ought to tell you I only eat vegetables. It's against my principles to eat murdered animals. I think she's a beatnik. You don't say. I'm pretty sure. Richard, I was not expecting you to bring home a stray beatnik. Her name is Deidre, Dad. It's just that when you're expecting a "Potsie," a "Deidre" can be quite a surprise. I met her in the movies. She was reading me poetry during the daylight scenes. Oh, well, that's different. I thought maybe she was just a pickup. She is still a beatnik! I am not thrilled at having a beatnik in my house! Dad! Shh! What? She's just a girl who dresses differently and reads poetry. I know what beatniks are... I read an article about 'em in the Saturday Evening Post. Well, Howard, she seems like a nice enough girl. I mean, we can feed her. She doesn't want our food. And I don't like someone calling my dinner a-a murdered animal. Dad, she has nowhere to go. Her car broke down. She could stay at one of her friends' pads. I read that article, too, Howard. (sighs) OK. Deidre can stay, but she's your responsibility. You keep an eye on her. And I don't want any of that beatnik stuff during dinner. Beatnik stuff? You know... poetry reading, bongo playing, espresso drinking. She's gonna drink milk just like everybody else. I'll keep an eye on her, Dad. And, Richard, I don't want to see her smoking any of those funny cigarettes. Funny cigarettes? Reefers, dear. You know, I think I'm gonna cancel our subscription to the Saturday Evening Post. Oh, Howard. I don't think she's a real beatnik... she uses soap. Hey, folks, that's a terrific bathroom! Wow! It ought to be in a poem! A poem, huh? Would you please pass the roast beef, Deidre? Sure. She fainted! OK! So she doesn't have to pass the roast beef! Hi! Hi. Hey, where am I? My brother's room. Hey, I thought I'd died and heaven had been taken over by the Boston Celtics. Would you like another cold compress, dear? Oh, no, thank you. I feel much better. Oh, good. Then I'll go take care of Howard now. His hands are shaking! Maybe he needs a cold compress. No, I think he needs a cold bourbon. Well, I'm glad you're feeling better. Oh, thanks. Deidre? I-I was wondering if you would do me a favor. Sure. Oh. Ha-ha-ha-ha. Well, you see, um... I fool around a little... I feel better, but not that much better. No. I mean, I write a little poetry, and I was wondering... if you'd read some of it a-and tell me what you think of it. Sure. Hey... Lay one on me! Well, I just happen to have one with me. I jotted down a few lines while we were waiting at the garage. (clears throat) "I dreamed of her before we met, "but never did I ponder "that fate would open up the door "and into my life she'd wander. "For once I looked into her eyes, "I knew I'd found my purpose... "to hold our memories in time and hope someday she'll... call me up." You see, I could never find a rhyme for "purpose." Oh, wow! I like that! I mean, that's really professional. Good enough to be published? It's better than that. It's good enough to read in a coffeehouse. But it's not even finished yet. Don't worry about it. It took my boyfriend Lawrence two weeks to find a rhyme for "purple." And he's a good poet? Oh, he's good... only he never sold anything. That's how come he has to play the bongos. Oh, that's too bad. Hey, it's OK. Well... well, listen, we'd better get you some food before you faint again. Oh, don't worry about it, Richie. I didn't faint 'cause I was hungry. You're sick? No, not exactly sick. Good. Just a little pregnant. (♪ saxophone music) Uh, Fonzie, could I talk to you for a minute? Can't you see I'm tryin' to make time with a chick? Who with? Charmaine... chick across the room. (giggles) By just staring at her? Hey, don't you know anything? It's called "eye contact." You stare at a chick, and pretty soon... bingo. Works every time if you got the talent... and I got the talent. (giggles) Well, I just have to ask you one question. Yeah, well, ask real quiet, 'cause you're disturbin' my aim. If you were a bongo player, where would you hang out? With Desi Arnaz. No. If you were a beatnik bongo player? The Purple Ego. Where is that? Near the college, next door to the library. And bing-o. Oh, right. Bingo! (Potsie) Hey, Rich, come on over! Ask Rich. He'll know. He always knows about these things. Yeah, Rich'll know. I gotta get down to The Purple Ego. That's a beatnik joint. Hey, we'll go with you. No, wait a minute. I'm traveling alone tonight. You're going out with a beatnik? Hey, I heard they're really wild. No, they're not. I read On the Road. Sexy, really sexy. Remember that chapter where Jack Kerouac... They're not what you think. They're sort of intellectuals. Sexy intellectuals. Come on, let's go. I'm going alone! Touchy, very touchy. What can you do? He wants to be alone. Right. We'll wait 10 minutes, and then we'll follow him. Hey, little bird... (man pounds on bongos) ..with your nose pressed up against the bakery window... there are no jelly donuts for you today... only death. (fingers snapping) Pardon me, a-are you Lawrence? I was when I came in here, but, uh, who knows who I'll be when I get home. Well... I just wanted to talk to you about Deidre and her problem. What problem's that, man? Well, sh-she faints a lot. Like, she's sick? No, like, you're gonna be a daddy-o. ♪ Mona Lisa, Mona Lisa, Mona Lisa... Come on, Dad. Throw out the dice. I keep sitting like this, I'm more likely to throw out a disk. Howard, we decided to play your game if we sit Deidre's way. Uh-oh. Well, Deidre, with, uh, one hotel... That's $250 I owe you. Oh, hey, Mr. Cunningham, like, I can't take your bread. Wow, you've been so nice. Well, I know you're feeling better, Deidre, but do you think that's wise - mixing jelly beans and egg salad so soon? Well, you know, I can't help it. It's really weird. I have had a craving for a jelly bean and egg salad sandwich ever since I got pregnant. Marion! (woman) Hey, little girl, with your nose pressed up... I can't see nothing through these glasses. Do you see Richie? Not unless he grew a beard. Come on. Act cool. (fingers snapping) What'll ya have? Oh, hey, like, we just blew in to make the scene. Like, ya can't have lime rickey at this scene. Marsha? Yeah, it's me, but if you make fun of my clothes, you get guitar picks in your espresso. What are ya doin' here? Moonlighting. I don't make enough at Arnold's to keep me in chewing gum! Ya get good tips here? Not good but interesting... Tonight I got, uh, two poems, half a bongo and a discount coupon to have my ears pierced. Now, what'll ya have? Oh, uh, espresso, made with love. Espresso we got. You want love, go home to your teddy bear. Man, they get some weirdoes in here, don't they? Yeah. Check her out. Hey, little bird, with your beak pressed up against the pet-store window... there is no bird seed for you today... only death. You think we can pick up any chicks in here? If we do, I'm not going window shopping with them. Hi, Dad. Another one. Dad, where's Deidre? Upstairs. Uh, first door on your left. Hey, nice pad. Richard, can I talk to you for a minute? Right. I-I'll be up in a second. Richard, I don't know whether this is a rescue mission or a house. Joanie's thinking about becoming a bongo player, and my legs are stiff from sitting like a pretzel, and your mother's out buying some more jelly beans for a pregnant beatnik! Oh, you found out about that. That's good. Don't worry. That's her boyfriend, and he's gonna marry her. Oh, that's very noble of him! Maybe we should give him a ticker-tape parade, huh?! I just did what I thought was right! Richard, when are you gonna learn that you can't bring home every stray you meet?! He has a name, too, you know. It's Lawrence! OK! Lawrence! Lawrence and Deidre! Now, Howard and Marion would like them both out of the house! Dad, you don't understand! You're not even trying to understand! You probably wouldn't even like my poetry. What's that supposed to mean?! You see?! You don't understand! You still think I'm a kid! Are you and Richie having a fight? No, we're not having a fight! We're having a discussion! I wonder who won. "I knew I'd found my purpose. "To hold our memories in time and hope someday she'll call me up." I like that. It just lacks one thing. I know, I know. A rhyme for "purpose." Yeah, that's a tough one. Almost as bad as purple. But do you know what's really missing? Life. Life? Oh, yeah, man. You know what life's all about? Life. That's what life's all about. Hey, listen to him, Richie. He makes sense. Well, yeah, but I have a life right here. This, this, this is a life? You can't write about love and malt shops. You'll end up like Bernie Polaski. He's a poet? He thinks so, but he only writes for Humpty Dumpty magazine. What Lawrence is trying to say is that there's a whole world out there. Yeah. There's poverty, disease, war, pestilence. Oh, man, it's so beautiful! Have you ever been away from home? You kiddin'? I've been to summer camp. A-And I went with the church choir to Ann Arbor. He's living Bernie Polaski's life. We're splitting tomorrow morning. Why don't you come with us? Where are you going? Who knows? Wherever the wind takes us... The Left Bank, Morocco, Newark! Yeah, Newark. Well, I guess we better cut out. Richie, if you want to come with us, we'll be at the garage at 7:30. Maybe I'll see you again... maybe tomorrow. Thanks for everything. (dog barks) (sighs) How can I learn about life when I'm surrounded with kid stuff? Mom, Dad, I have to talk to you. Oh, Howard, get up. We overslept. (sleepily) Hmm? What, again? What time is it? I'll make the coffee. You get dressed. You don't want to be late for work. Marion, it's still dark. And you know why? Because it's always dark at 3:00 in the morning. Oh, oh, Richard, what is it, dear? I've made a decision. Oh, that's nice. A little late but nice. Mom, Dad, I'm going on the road to mature. There comes a time when a person outgrows his parents, and he has to go out into the world and broaden his horizons. I'm leaving in the morning with Deidre and her friends to search for life. I'll see you in August. Howard! Richie's gone. He probably went out for an early swim with Potsie. No, he's run away. He left a note. "Dear Mom and Dad, I meant what I said last night. "Goodbye. Love, Richie. P.S. If Arlene calls, "tell her I'm sorry, and she should only make one sandwich for the picnic. Richie." What did he say last night? I'm not sure. He either said he's going on the road with those beatniks or he's going to make coffee. You said the part about making coffee. Then he must have said the part about running away. Oh, he's run away. Well, I'm goin' on the road. Hey, good. Have a nice trip. What do you mean? Lawrence and I are getting married. We're taking the bus to my father's dairy farm. You mean the trip's off? Oh, no. We gave them the car, so you can still go. (phone rings) Hey, take care. I found an ending to your poem. Huh? To your poem. "For once I looked into her eyes, "I knew I'd found my purpose. "To hold our memories in time, for time cannot usurp us." Oh, yeah, yeah, th-that's good. Thank you. Yeah, well, may the winds blow our paths together again sometime. Hey, Fonzie. Well, guess I'm gonna be taking off now. You know... travel around, learn about life. I mean, it can't hurt to go out on the road, see new things, meet new people, see what life is about. Yep, I'm gonna do some travelin'... Just go... out on the old road. Want me to drive you home? No, I think I'll walk. Dad! Morning, Richard. I guess you got my note. Oh, yeah, yeah, I, uh, I read it at breakfast this morning instead of the newspaper. Well, don't worry, because I'm not going. Oh, I wasn't worried. No, I-I came down here because, uh... see who's winning the gas war. You know, like some people like to follow baseball, I like to follow gas wars. Can I, uh, give you a lift home? Dad, remember the last time I ran away from home? You wouldn't let me keep my snake in the house. You were 10. 9. Got as far as the dime store. The drug store. Boy, you really yelled at me then. Well, then, I was right. I mean, who wants a snake in his house? But, uh, Richard, I-I think I was wrong last night. I didn't understand. I didn't understand because I didn't listen to you. Dad, I think you understand me a lot better than I thought you did. Well, I'm learning, Richard, I'm learning. But, Dad, next summer, I may go out on the road, though. Oh. Well, maybe I'll go with you. ♪ Hello, sunshine goodbye, rain ♪ She's wearin' my school ring on her chain ♪ She's my steady, I'm her man ♪ I'm gonna love her all I can ♪ This day is ours ♪ Won't you be mine? ♪ These happy days ♪ This day is ours ♪ Oh, please be mine ♪ Oh, happy days ♪ Happy days ♪ 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 