Happy Days: Season 1, Episode 12 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Happy Days 
 s1e12 - In the Name of Love - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Happy Days (1974–1984): Season 1, Episode 12 - In the Name of Love - full transcript 
 Richie is smitten after the most popular girl in school asks him to kiss her while he's tutoring her in English. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 (♪ "Rock Around the Clock" by Bill Haley and the Comets) ♪ One, two, three o'clock, four o'clock rock ♪ Five, six, seven o'clock, eight o'clock rock ♪ Nine, ten, 11 o'clock, 12 o'clock rock ♪ We're gonna rock around the clock tonight ♪ Put your glad rags on, join me, hon ♪ We'll have some fun when the clock strikes one ♪ We're gonna rock around the clock tonight ♪ We're gonna rock, rock, rock till broad daylight ♪ We're gonna rock, gonna rock around the clock tonight ♪ When the clock strikes two, three, and four 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 ♪ If the band slows down, we'll yell for more ♪ We're gonna rock around the clock tonight ♪ We're gonna rock, rock, rock till broad daylight ♪ We're gonna rock, gonna rock around the clock tonight (♪ guitar solo) OpenSubtitles recommends using Nord VPN from 3.49 USD/month ----> osdb.link/vpn ♪ When the chimes ring five, six, and seven ♪ We'll be right in seventh heaven ♪ We're gonna rock around the clock tonight ♪ We're gonna rock, rock, rock, till broad daylight ♪ We're gonna rock, gonna rock around the clock tonight ♪ When the clock strikes twelve, we'll cool off then ♪ Start a-rockin' 'round the clock again ♪ We're gonna rock around the clock tonight 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 ♪ We're gonna rock, rock, rock till broad daylight ♪ We're gonna rock, gonna rock around the clock tonight ♪ (♪ "How High the Moon" by Les Paul and Mary Ford) ♪ Somewhere there's heaven, how high the moon ♪ There is no moon above when love is far away, too ♪ Potsie, I'll lend you the money for a soda. Oh, no. I love ketchup freezes. I'm in love! I'm in love! I'm in l-o-v-e with a wonderful girl. Again? Who is it this time? Uh, Carol Rensko? Carol Rensko? She's old hat. We broke up Wednesday. This time, it's the real thing. Cindy Shellinberger. Ci... You can't be in love with her! I am! Right, Rich? I told you at lunch. I said those very words, didn't I? I guess so. It was kind of hard to tell. You had a lot of food in your mouth. Well, I saw her first! Yeah? Well, I saw her in the principal's office when I was getti" my late slip! Yeah? Well, I saw her last year when we played Wycliffe High. She was the homecoming queen. Yeah. I was in love with her then, only I forgot about it until she transferred to Jefferson. Listen, guys, from what I've heard about Cindy, you both better just forget about her. Why? I'm cute! My aunt Blanche once told me I was cute as a bug's ear! Yeah, well, with Cindy, I don't think cute matters. Not only was she Wycliffe's homecoming queen, but she was also the prom queen, and last Arbor Day, she was picked as "Miss Sapling." Oh, yeah. And I heard she's older. Yeah, she missed some school 'cause she was traveling through Europe with the army. She's a Wac? No, no, her father's a major. There she is. She waved at me. Unh-unh! Three out of five fingers were wavin' at me! Hi. I'm Cindy Shellinberger. You're Richie Cunningham, aren't you? Yeah, he's Richie Cunningham. You probably don't remember me, Hi. But you and I met this morning... Uh, Mr. Shandler says I'm a little behind in English and Biology. He said you might help me. He did? Yeah. So is it OK if I come over to your house to study tonight? We're busy moving in at my house. Welcome to the neighborhood, Miss Sapling. Thanks. Uh, is it OK? Oh... sure. Sure. Why not? Potsie Weber. Um, I was getting a late slip... Well, great. I'll see you at 8:00, then. Nice talking to you, Richie. Um, bye, whoever. (Ralph) That's the breaks. Nowadays, it just doesn't pay to be cute as a bug's ear. ♪ Down, down, down, down, down dee doobie ♪ Down down down down, down dee doobie ♪ Down down down down, down dee doobie ♪ Sha sha la la ♪ Sha sha la Richard. Why are you so nervous? Me, nervous? I'm just having a friend over to study. What makes you think I'm nervous? Little things, like spending an hour and a half to take a shower. And now you're playing musical chairs, and there's no music. Well, it's just that I have a lot on my mind. Oh, Dad, listen, I'll be right back. Don't touch these chairs. Don't touch these chairs, Marion. Oh, Howard, Richard is acting a little strange. I noticed that. He kept writing the name "Cindy" in his mashed potatoes. 'Course, we could just be imagining it. Now, he never has had the appetite that Chuck has. Marion, Argentina doesn't have the appetite that Chuck has. He's acting as if a girlfriend were coming over. Well, I hope so. I'd hate to think he wasted half a bottle of my best aftershave lotion on Potsie. (doorbell rings) I'll get it! I'll get it! It's my get! Hey, Rich. Hi, Mr. C. Hi, Mrs. C. Were you expecting Potsie? No, Dad. Good boy. Potsie, what are you doing here? Oh, well, um... Remember in English class today, Mrs. Wallerstein read that poem on friendship? "Be a friend, good and true, and pay a visit long past due." I saw you all day in school. Oh, yeah, but I wanted to... Potsie, listen. You know who is coming over, so why don't you go visit some other good and true friend, OK? Some best friend. (doorbell rings) Dad! I know. It's still your get. Good night, Potsie. Let me just see you-know-who, and I'll leave. (sighs) Oh. Hi. Hi. Oh, well, Mom, Dad... This must be you-know-who. I'm Cindy Shellinberger. Well, come in, please. Hi, Mr. Cunningham. Hi, Mrs. Cunningham. Oh, hello, Cindy. Hi! I didn't know Potsie was going to study with us. He's not. He was just leaving. He was right between "good" and "night." Oh, uh, right, right. Bye, Cindy. Bye, true friend! Oh, uh, don't do anything I wouldn't do! Well... Uh, let's get down to studying. Do you always study in the living room? Well, no, uh... Would you rather study in the dining room? Well, where do you usually study? My room. Well, that's OK with me. Where is it? Upstairs? We're going up to my room now... to study. You know, I don't think I was that nervous on our honeymoon. I'd call it a tie, dear. This is it. M-My room. It's nice. Yeah. Oh! I love James Dean! Oh, yeah. Yeah, he's cool. You know, th-there are many ways to study. We could study with me sitting over there next to you, or with you sitting over here next to me. Or we could both sit on the floor, kind of face-to-face. Whichever you'd prefer. You're the teacher. Right. I-I'm the teacher. Well... I could sit this chair next to the... where you're sitting. That sounds OK to me. Oh. Now... what would you like to start on first? I never knew there were so many decisions involved in studying. How about English? Good choice. Don't you think we'll need a book? Oh, right, a book. Sure. English book... There. English book. OK. Hi, Richie. Good night, Joanie. ♪ Richie and Cindy sitting in a tree, k-i-s-s-i-n-g ♪ Kids. Well, uh... Why don't we start on Evangeline? Or would you rather work on The Raven first? Doesn't matter. They're both depressing. Right, well... Hi, kids. How's the studying? Oh, hi, Dad. Fine, fine. Learning a lot. Good. You know, it's much nicer studying with someone. You know, this helps me, too. And since we're studying together, it sort of gives us a chance to get to know each other... Would you like to kiss me? I beg your pardon? I asked if you'd like to kiss me. Well... sure... if you think it's the thing to do. Yeah. OK. Kiss away. Here I go. Now, tell me the difference between a simile and a metaphor. (♪ dreamy music) How long did you kiss her? I mean, if it was just a peck, like this: That doesn't mean a thing. It was long enough. Rich, you're crazy if you don't ask her to go steady. Oh, I don't know, Potsie. Look, you've been with her every night for a week, and every night she let you kiss her, right? Well... yeah. OK. Rich, the lips mean somethin'. Maybe you're right, but... if I'm gonna ask her, I gotta have the right setting, you know? Hey, how about the lake? No. You see, everybody goes up to the lake. I need a special place. Why don't we ask the Fonz? He knows all the great places. Hey, Fonz! Let's go. I don't remember sendin' out invitations. Fonzie, we need the advice of a worldly person, and you're the most worldly person around here. I'm not the most worldly... but I'm in the top two. Well, uh, Rich here needs a little help. He needs a special place to talk to this girl tonight. Well, I guess a worldly man's gotta share with others. I'll tell ya where to go. You two, scram. We wanna hear the place, Fonz! Yeah! Hey, what am I doin' here, givin' a lecture? The drive-in movie. The drive-in movie? Everybody goes to the drive-in movie. You know, it's not romantic enough. Now, I was thinking... Hey! I haven't finished yet! Oh, well, go ahead and finish, Fonzie. Thank you. You go to the Half Moon Drive-In movie, you park in row "L," seventh stall in from the left. It's romantic? The car speaker is busted. There's nothing to do in that stall but be romantic. Unless, of course, you can lip-read. Yeah. Thanks, Fonzie. Fonzie... how did you know that that speaker's busted? You did it. You didn't do it. You're not telling me. Thanks, Fonzie. Bright boy. ♪ Sha la la la, sha la la la ♪ Down, down, down, down, down dee doobie ♪ Down, down, down, down, down dee doobie ♪ Sha la la la ♪ Sha sha la ♪ Nope. It's dead. Oh, that's OK. I'll tell you what's happening. I've seen this picture five times. No kidding. I love monster movies. Cindy, I'd really like to talk to you about something. Sure. We've been seeing quite a bit of each other lately - every night now for a week. And I've really enjoyed studying with you, Richie. Really? Mm-hmm. I think you're very special, too. I like the way you kiss. Cindy? I've been thinking about the future... Is this row "K"? No, this isn't row "K." You don't have to bite my head off. I have feelings too, you know. Sorry. Listen, on your way in, did you happen to see a red station wagon with seven kids and a very nervous woman named Lillian? No, I don't think so. I must be walking around in circles. I'm sorry I bothered you. I don't like to bother people. It's OK! Lillian! Lillian! (man) Lillian's not here! Tell me if you hear me, Lillian! (shouting/horns blaring) Cindy? Mm-hmm? I would like you to go steady with me. Steady? You and me? Well, yeah. You need two people to go steady. Going steady. I'm very flattered. Then you will? No. I can't. I don't understand. Well, I never go steady unless I hear the Platters singing "My Prayer." I'll turn on the radio! No, Richie, you don't understand. Uh, some girls know when they're in love when they hear bells. When I fall in love, I hear the Platters singing "My Prayer." That probably sounds crazy to you. Oh, no, no. I think it's because my first steady used to hum it in my ear when we were necking. Why did you let me kiss you if you didn't want to go steady? Because whenever I study with boys, all they think about is how to kiss me. So I give them one kiss, and then we can concentrate on the books. It's sort of a study system. Ah. Still friends. OK, Richie? Yeah. Sure. Still friends. Richard, my advice to you is to keep trying. Some girls may start out thinking of you as a friend, but if you keep after them, sooner or later, they'll come around. Your mother was that way. When I first met her, she was crazy about some guy with a Stutz Bearcat and a raccoon coat. But after a while, I won out. Listen to your father, Richard. He did a lot of silly, crazy things before I came around. Marion, I never did any silly, crazy things. What about the time you wrote "I love you" in red paint on the sidewalk in front of my house? Well, there was nothing silly or crazy about that. And he didn't just write "I love you." He did it symbolically - with an eye and a heart and a little drawing of a sheep. Well, I understand the eye, and the heart is for love, but, uh, how does the sheep fit in? I didn't understand it myself for a couple of days. Then I finally remembered that a female sheep is called a ewe. E-w-e. "Eye love ewe." Oh! You did that, Dad? Marion, do you have to come up with that? Grandpa didn't like it very much. I remember Howard looked so cute with that turpentine can and scrub brush. OK, OK, so I did one silly, crazy thing... Then there was the time he took me home from school. Oh, you're not going to go into that now, are you? What did he do, Mom? Well, your father promised to pick me up after school one day. But his car wouldn't start, so he carried me on his back. You did that too, Dad? Well... Eight blocks, at a full trot. I was in better shape then. And I was a little thinner. You know, you're right. You're right. I'm not gonna give up on Cindy. I am gonna fight for an un-platonic relationship. Good for you, dear. Your father once even sent me a five-pound box of candy on Valentine's Day... anonymously. He was a devil! I never, ever sent you a five-pound box of candy. You didn't? No, I didn't. Ohh! Then I must have married the wrong man. (♪ Happy Days theme) ♪ Wah wah wah wah-ah ♪ Wah wah wah ♪ Oh! Fonzie! I didn't know you were standing here. Hey, I'm a big fan of sidewalk art. I don't get it. Oh, you see, Cindy passes by this way every day on her way home from school. This is just sort of a message to her. I... love... sheep. No, "you." "Eye love ewe." A female sheep! How do you tell? Hi, Richie. Hi, Fonzie. Hey. Oh, hi, Cindy. Hi. Well, I was just writing you a note. Oh, how sweet! But I don't get it. Well, see you later, Richie. See, it don't look like a female sheep. I've tried everything. I even tried sending her a box of candy. Did you try blowin' in her ear? What good would that do? Works on Sue Ellen Lisky. "Hello" works on Sue Ellen Lisky. Hi, Richie. Hi, Cindy. Hi, Cindy! I said it first! Hi, Cindy! I said, "Hi, Cindy" before you even got out the "hi." You did not say... It was a tie. You wanna have a sudden-death playoff? Richie, could I borrow your biology book? I left mine in my locker. Yeah, sure. Can't give you my love, I might as well give you my biology book. Cindy? Do you think I'm cute? Doesn't hurt to ask! Well, sure, Ralph. You remind of... of Red Buttons. I remind her of Red Buttons. Big deal! Red Buttons? You always reminded me of Howdy Doody! (Ralph) I do? OK, then pay back that dollar you owe me. (Potsie) Definitely Red Buttons. (Ralph) OK! Here's the biology book, Cindy. Thanks, Richie. Looks like her mind was occupied. You see what I mean? She's talking to me, but she's staring at the busboy. Why? I think I know the key that opens Cindy's heart. Tell me! (Richie) This is ridiculous, because I'm not getting a tattoo! (Ralph) Why not? You love her, don't you? (Richie) Well, yeah. (Potsie) You've tried everything else, haven't you? (Richie) Yeah, but... (Potsie) Then try this. (buzzing) I always wanted to see somebody get a tattoo. (buzzing continues) Will you tell me where you marked down what this check is for? You follow this purple arrow around these three checks to the back of the stub! Marion, Rothchild did not base the system of banking on purple arrows! And look at this one. Now, why have you got the word "oops" written on it? Oh, I made a mistake. That check's no good. Well, didn't you ever hear of the word "void"? Well, yes, but that's an ugly word, and it makes me feel guilty. Well, if you don't want me to have a checking account, (Joanie) Hi, Mom! I do want you to have a checking... I won't have a checking account. (door closes) Don't fight in front of the children. "Don't fight in front of the children. Not too loud, the neighbors will hear us." Why don't we just rent a hotel room for fights? Let me know when Richie comes home. I wanna see his new arm. Oh, what new arm? He's getting a tattoo. It's gonna be cool! He's getting a what? Mary Ellen Gilmarten, my friend at the Little Chipmunks, heard it from her brother Buddy. Anyway, he's down at the tattoo parlor. Oh, I rubbed baby oil all over his body for the first three whole years of his life, and now they're going to mark it! Don't you worry, Marion. He is not getting a tattoo! Howard! Howard, what if they've already marked something on him? Then we'll write the word "oops" over it! ♪ Ba ba ba Barbara Ann ♪ Well, how about that schooner there, with the sails? $50. Oh, $50 dollars! $55 with cannons. We only have five dollars. Uh, we better not get one. Well, you better get a fish. But forget about the sharks. Sharks cost ten. You might try a mackerel. I always sort of liked fish, I guess, but... If there's one mark on this boy, I'm suing! He was gonna try a mackerel! Yeah, well, he better try going home before I get very upset. On second thought, I'm already upset, so I suggest you go home anyway! I was just humoring them. Dad... Look, I don't want to hear about it. You're not getting a tattoo! That's right! Listen to your father! Hey, how 'bout you? No thanks! ♪ Boop boop boop boop ♪ Bee-oop oop bee-oop bee-ahh ♪ (Potsie) Not bad, Rich. Not bad at all. But I still think you should have gotten an eagle. Hey, I don't do birds! I only do fish! And if you don't stop movin', you're gonna have a fish with a Mona Lisa smile. I wanna look at it in the mirror. Hold still! If you move one more time, I'm gonna draw my fist on your little nose! Does it look real? Will you cool it? I'm gonna put a hook in its mouth. (knock on door) (Marion) Richie? What's going on in there? Nothing, Mom. Uh, we're just studying. Why is your door locked? Because, uh... we're studying McCarthyism. (♪ guitar) Richie, thanks for these bio notes. You draw amoebas much better than sheep. Cindy... I know you think of me as this nice, sort-of-square honor student. But there's another side to me. There is? I bet you didn't know I could run a mile in under six minutes. No, I didn't. And I bet you never would have guessed that I have one of these. Hey! A tattoo! Yeah. Tattoo. A rugged fish! It's nice. Richie, can I ask you a question? Sure. When the blood goes into the right auricle, how does it get back to the left ventricle again? Is that all you have to say about my tattoo? I thought the tattoo was the reason you were staring at that busboy at Arnold's. Oh, uh, well, he could make his wiggle. I thought it was, you know, interesting. But I'm not crazy about tattoos. Cindy... what can I do to make you change your mind about me? I don't want to be just friends. Well, Richie, friendship is one thing, but love is magic. I don't know what it's all about. I just know that when Mr. Right comes along, I'll be able to tell. I know. You'll hear the Platters. Richie, look, give it time. Maybe someday, it'll happen. Meanwhile, can't we be friends? Well... I guess you can never have enough friends. Right. Cindy? I would like you to have a memento of our relationship. How sweet! What is it? My tattoo. ♪ Sha la la la ♪ Dad, uh, Mom? Could I talk to you for a second? Sure, Richard. We'll see you later, huh, Joanie? Do I have to leave? Yes. Where will I go? Well, you might try school. OK. Bye, sweetheart. But you'll tell me later. Won't you, Ma? No. Oh, it's lousy being a kid. Dad, tell me, what would you have done if, after all the things you tried, Mom still had not liked you. Oh, gee, Richard, I don't know. I suppose I would have been pretty upset at first. Well, after a while, I'd figure that she wasn't interested in me, and it was obvious that we weren't right for each other. Now, Mom, what would you have done if Dad had just stopped goin' after you? Yeah, Mom, I've often wondered about that. What would you have done? Oh, that's easy. I would have found out who sent me that five-pound box of candy. (♪ Happy Days theme) (laughter) That's one of her better ones. Yeah. ♪ Happy days ♪ (♪ "Happy Days" by Charles Fox) ♪ Hello, sunshine goodbye, rain ♪ she's wearin' my school ring on the chain ♪ She's my steady, I'm her man ♪ I'm gonna love her all I can ♪ This day is ours ♪ Won't you be mine? These happy days ♪ This day is ours ♪ Oh, please be mine those happy days ♪ Happy days ♪ OpenSubtitles recommends using Nord VPN from 3.49 USD/month ----> osdb.link/vpn 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 