Alone: Season 2, Episode 10 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Alone 
 s2e10 - The Gamble - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Alone (2015–…): Season 2, Episode 10 - The Gamble - full transcript 
 The final four contend with mental fatigue and physical exhaustion. As one participant faces stiff competition for fish, another may miss the salmon run due to a potentially disastrous miscalculation. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 [dramatic music] * - Oh, yeah. Dungeness crabs! I love them. Yes, that's number six! Whoo! - Hi, sweetheart. Whoo! I've been able to catch so many fish, I do not need more salmon. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 We're gonna let you go today. Whoo! - My surf lines caught me this today. And now, my paiute deadfall is down again. Bazinga! - The kayak is finished,  but it's very unstable. Whoa! I can help myself out with an outrigger to stabilize my boat. It's working fine. Now we're talking. - Who are you when everything's  been stripped away? [bleep]. - [yelping] - It's scary out here in these woods. - I have not had  a serious meal in a week. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 - If I can't get a fire, then I can't stay here. - It's always in the back  of your mind, "Well, I could tap out." - Putting up with  this filming bull[bleep]? - Running into a predator,  it's not an if. It's a when. Get the hell out of here. I see you. Get out of here! - I'm living  a hand-to-mouth existence. Yes! Ah! - $500,000  is a lot of money. - It's just gonna keep  getting harder. - It's not the world  that needs to change. It's me  that needs to change. - [moans] * * - Oh, finally out in the water. Very, very happy the boat  is working as well as it does. The outrigger is a success. It stabilizes the boat. It's basically right now quite  difficult to capsize it, even if you tried,  so maybe I'll cross to the river  and check out to see if maybe that the salmon  are running and hit that salmon run. But still, it costs energy  to get there and back. I only have some food  for the day, so I have to find  those salmon and have a steady income  of food from the ocean. * * Yeah, there's like an inch and a half of water in here already. In half an hour, that's not good. I think I need to go back  right now. * Can't have that. Yup, there's water in here. * I don't even know how or where,  but on the side there, she got punctured. [sighing] Every time, there's another [bleep] problem to solve. Oh, God, yeah, there's a hole. There's a hole there, and that's probably it. That's all it takes. * I'll do some tests, but I think I could try to patch it. This tarp is very  heat sensitive, so you can't really  do it very hot. But it is repairable. The black plastic I have here was just the right  amount of heat. Can seal a little hole,  as long as it's not too hot. * It set me back on my plans  a little bit, though. * - * This is my limpet song * This is my limpet song * Making fun of Lucas is wrong * But this is my limpet song * I am very, very happy  that I discovered that I can catch crabs  with a hook and a line. And I can't tell you  how much that means. To have a tangible,  visible, repeatable source of food gathering. I'm gonna grab my fishing pole, and I'm gonna see if I can get some crabs and some fish today. And... I'm pretty sure the tide is still going out, which is a good thing. All of this fishing  has reminded me of my dad, you know? And our family had  a house at the beach on the Jersey Shore  and Point Pleasant. And, you know, we would  go down there ever summer and my dad was  an excellent fisherman. * Those early childhood memories are coming back to me  really strong. * I get to eat tonight! * I caught a fish. It's not a big fish, but there's other ones down there. I'm gonna try and catch some more of them, 'cause I get to eat fish stew today. I'm a happy man. * Boy, that's not much of a landing pad right there. I'm just so afraid  of falling in. But that water is frigid. I have to be really,  really careful. How good you are  at wilderness survival could very well  come down to how well you can walk on slippery rocks. * Yes! * No, come on, get the line. * Yes, and he's bigger than the other one. Yes, look at that. That's two large fish, and I'm not done. I am not done fishing. So I'm gonna leave these guys over here. I think I'm gonna move on. I'm gonna go back there  and try to get another-- yet another one of these. Come on... You love the limpets. * Got him! And look at this bad boy. That's gonna be a good meal. Time to pack it up. * [birds cawing] Oh, come on! This is a tragedy, people. * I get my third fish over there, come back to put 'em on the stringer, left the stringer with my tripod up here on the flat, up on the flat part of the rocks up here. Stringer's gone. With both my fish. It's just not here. It is gone, gone, gone. * There is no way that fish  wiggled all the way from here up on the flat all the way  down there in the water. I'm thinking something came by,  swooped down, and grabbed him while I wasn't looking. Man, I can't believe that. * I have one fish now. Rather than a three fish stew,  it's a one fish stew. And I still don't know if they  got back in the water, which, to me,  is inconceivable. "Princess Bride"  reference there, anyway... Or if some giant bird of prey swooped in--a raptor, that's it. A raptor came in and swooped in and took off-- A bald eagle! That's what it was. Yeah, when I wasn't looking, a bald eagle came in and took my fish! Both of 'em! * 'Cause up here, they're not the national bird, you know what I'm saying? They have no--they have no love for us Americans. American eagles, now, down South... American eagles said, "No, that's an American, "I'm not gonna steal his fish. "'Cause he's a patriotic man, he's proud of his country, and I'm his symbol." Up here, these Canadian eagles, they just-- they don't know who they are, that's what it is. They just don't even know who they are. And they'll do things like that. They'll swoop in and steal your fish. * * - It's a beautiful day right here. I'm just watching the tide go out. Oh, the sun-- the sun came out, which is really nice, so I'm just gonna sit here. * Got a couple sit spots here. A sit spot's a place  that you go every day and, well, you just sit. If you don't have  a place in nature, it could be your front porch  or your backyard, as long as there's birds around  and trees around, or something like that. Then animals  and everything around that, they all get used to you. Then you become  part of that nature-scape. Part of that ecosystem. * I haven't heard any salmon going up this river since that one I caught with my hands, so I think the salmon run's just about dry, so this is like the last chance of catching fish. * My friend the seal is out here. What you doing, little seal? Huh. The harbor seal seems to be fishing at my fishing spot. I wonder if there's not something in that gill net. And that seal is fishing it. Or maybe it's just there randomly. I mean, it's been there before. See, it's not up yet, it could just be hanging out there. It seems to like it right there. I need a fish today, you know? * - So to try and redeem myself from my dismal performance  yesterday of losing two fish, trying to get something  to eat again today. I am really, really, really stoked about the possibility of getting a large crab. I mean, some of these crabs, these big Dungeness crabs, they have claws that rival lobster claws. They're huge. They rival lobster claws. You know, just giant... So yeah, that's what I want to do today. * I have caught crabs out here. I can do it again. So, yeah, getting  crabs, crabs, crabs-- that is the thing I want to do. They are so delicious. They're better  than big limpets. Now, being able to crab also is contingent upon having dead fish. I need a fish head or two. It's not like you can just go down to the fish market and say, "Hey, do you got any fish--fish heads for crab bait?" And they'll, like, "Yeah, here." I'm gonna try everything  I can think of to get food out of this bay. Basically, that's what  my job is right now, is to experiment with new  food-producing devices, methods,  or game plans for getting protein seafood out of my bay  and into my body. * Yes! Got ya! * When I was a kid,  we used to get blue claws, or just take a fish head  and tie it to a string and drop it in the water,  and then you just wait. And if you had two blue claws  on the same fish head, you could just pull them up. * Yes! Here you go. Fish number two. I'll eat one, and I can use  the other for crab bait. * Crabbing,  that's the order of the day. See if I can get some crabs  the old-fashioned way with a fish head. It's an experiment. And if it pays off,  I got a giant crab in the pot. So, yeah,  I'm gonna try it. Now, the idea here is to tie on the fish head. All right, now... whole idea of this thing is the crabs will grab on to this thing, and then you can pull them out of the water. Really not that complicated. But they've got to sit there for a while... * So that the crabs can... figure out that they're there. * I lost my line. Dang! * Oh! [grunting] Oh, I just fell in. Oh, my goodness. * [dramatic music] * - Oh, I lost my line. Dang! Oh! Oh, my... [grunting] Oh, I just fell in. Oh, baby. Oh, slipped on the rocks. Oh, baby. * Oh, my goodness. I just took a dunk. * Ugh! [panting] * Ugh. I just went in up to my waist. Oh, my goodness. All right, all right, all right. Yeah, I get to go home now and make a giant fire and dry everything I own out. I lost my heavy  monofilament line when I got dunked. I'm not happy with that  situation at all. But hypothermia  is a very real threat. I mean, I'm feeling  the cold right now. And I'm not gonna  risk my life out here for any personal goals  or any amount of money. I'm gonna get in my sleeping  bag, 'cause I am cold. I'm really getting the chills,  body chills right now. * My clothes are all  still slightly damp. I can feel that. And I know if I stay in here long enough, that they'll dry  just with body heat. But I got to get warm. All it takes is one stupid  decision on my part, and I could be out of here, because there is  no backup for me. There is no one to help. * The most amazing resource you  have in a survival situation is that other person  who's there. Therefore,  the people in your life. You know, they are the most  valuable asset you have for getting through life. I don't have that right now. I am alone. I don't know. And it is possible  that I could tap out. I could. I mean,  I really don't want to. [rain pelting] What a bummer of a day. If I can't get warm,  if I really am at risk of hypothermia,  I'll tap, I know it. So I've got to, got to,  got to keep warm. Good night. [tense music] * * - Well, I know I caught a fish. It's, uh, low tide, and I'm gonna go check my gill net, but I was out at the point, and I saw this chum salmon swimming in the shallows, and there was nothing in my gill net that I could see. And I saw this chum salmon swim, and I really almost wanted to jump into the water and grab it. [laughing] And then,  it got caught in my gill net. I watched the whole thing. Probably about a couple of hours ago, it got caught. I just had to wait for the tide to go low enough for me to grab it. So it's in there, and I'm gonna go get it. * Oh, my God, are you kidding me? * Sugar. Ugh. This is a bummer. So I had a lovely salmon, as you can see here. Just part of the head is in my net. Not even enough that I could, like, pick part of the head off and eat it. Like, the seals ate every bit of this thing. * See, they really-- this is all that's left. * I've got competition now. The seals know  that I've got a gill net. * I need protein. Fighting those seals for food  is gonna be bad. * * - Last night,  I spent a lot of time here by the fire  repairing that hole. Uh, she is stable,  which is fantastic. Everything here takes  longer than anticipated. The boat took 19, 20 days  to build and patch and fix. She is a good boat. We'll just be extremely careful  putting her into the water, taking her out. Still stubbornly wanting to go  out around the corner, check out that creek,  catch the salmon run. I'm just wanting to find  big amounts of food. * If I can reach a salmon run  before it's over and harvest the greatest number  possible of salmon, however many--  the more, the better. * I'm very happy to see the boat finally, really sea-worthy. * As far as sailing,  she goes beautifully well. It lifts a little bit  to the side. * Hopefully get to places  and find some abundance. I'm starting to really need it. * I've gone around the corner. I'm seeing a lot of sea birds over there. That is exactly the sign I was looking for. [birds cawing] * Okay, here we are. I did reach the fabled river. I see just a few salmon carcasses here on the banks. I don't see any salmon going up the water. * I don't see any black bear sign, either. Which is... would be another thing to be expected if the run was happening. And yet, there is a bunch of seagulls here, and there's a bunch of eagles. * This right here is the kind of shallow place where it would be ideal to just stand here with a gaff hook like this and grab them. But... I don't see them. * Here is one of the carcasses. * I could have missed the whole thing. * * * - Well, I haven't been  filming much today. There really hasn't been  a whole lot going on. * The boredom is starting to set in now. It's pretty boring to just sit here and tend the fire, which--it keeps me busy. I mean, it's less boring than other things I could be doing, which is basically nothing. * Now it's starting to rain. I just need to find  something to do, man, 'cause I'm bored. There ain't nothing--  ain't nothing going on. * Well, I'm on my way  to making a spoon. We'll see how it works out. I'm not the most crafty guy that never walked  the face of the Earth, but I'll do the best I can. * The hard part here  is the calorie gain. I could be doing  a lot of things, but you want to try  to not do very much, but on the other hand, you're  just bored out of your mind. * Oh, there's a knot right where I--jeez. Oh, whiz, man. A freaking knot. Damn it. I'm at the point now  where I'm gonna have to really start  conserving energy. I've still got  energy to do stuff, but it's gonna take its toll  on me before too long. I got to just focus and make sure I don't hurt myself. I don't know, man,  it's tough. It's tough without  the calories. * All I'm doing is just taking the point of my knife and just trying to slice little slivers out of this bowl of this spoon. * I feel pretty good doing these little minor tasks, because I'm not really doing anything. All day long, I'm not really doing anything. Keeping your mind busy  really affects your emotions. Even with the lack of calories,  it keeps your attitude up. I like it, man. Hell, yeah. * It's not bad for a few hours' work. * I got limpets and periwinkles and stuff. They'll be boiling in no time. * Gosh, I like this spoon. I'm happy with this thing. These are the dog days, man. I mean, I've done everything I came out here to do, and now it's just trying to suffer through. If there wasn't that big prize at the end, I'm not sure how many people would have stuck it out this far. I know I'm not sure I would've. * 'Course, that's kind of key right there, is having a fire. Having something to do. My mind is totally occupied by keeping this fire going. And it was occupied earlier by building my spoon. If I'm just sitting here, looking at the rain, it makes it tough. * This is the stuff that'll  pull me through here, man. If I can keep my  freaking mind busy, this is the stuff  that can pull me through. * You did good, spoon. [tense music] * - Well, it might start raining. * I was able to look at my net, because the tide's low enough, but hopefully, knock on wood,  I'll catch something. [geese honking] Let's see,  did I catch something, and the seals stole it,  or did I catch nothing? [geese honking] Oh! The seals got into my net and ripped a huge, gaping... hole in it. Oh, man, those seals. Yep, there was something here. Then the seals got in and tore my net apart. This is a hard net to break. The fish can't break it. There is just no way. Oh, those seals. What am I gonna do? I'm in a battle with the seals. Like, I can't get my fish. * I'm gonna have to try and repair it. This net's kind of, like,  one of my lifelines, you know? I really rely on this net  to be able to get me food. The seals are taking that  directly out of my mouth. So... if I'm not able to  get food on this line, well, that's not good. So I'm moving it up. Taking this whole thing out and moving it up. That's a big deal,  moving the gill net. It's gonna expend  a lot of calories and time. But it needs to get done. I am not happy with the seals today. I'm not happy with you, seals. Wherever you are. * Boy, we're competing,  that's for sure, these harbor seals and I. You know who's winning? They are. * [dramatic music] * * - Thinking through  my situation. What it is. Yesterday, it was frustrating  to reach that creek and see the salmon carcasses  there. I missed my big window  of opportunity while I was building  the kayak to reach that window of opportunity. * I've had a good talking to  myself about the options of this place and the resources  and where the abundance is, and the salmon  are hit and miss. I certainly was hoping to hit. I don't think I want to put all my eggs in that basket. And I've been too stubborn about that, I believe. * I've been using an approach that I tell my students not to use, which is trying to push my idea on the bush. * The thing is that,  the waters here, just judging from the amount  of seals around are very, very rich. I want to try and learn  how to fish offshore and spend more time  right here in these coves, near my shelter, minimum energy expenditure, and try to see what I can-- what I can catch. * Today, I want to concentrate on  making a proper jigging stick to fish from the kayak. Years ago,  I spent the winter with Inupiat Eskimos  in Northwest Alaska. Wonderful people,  the Inupiats. I have very fond memories  from that time, in the native village  of Kotzebue. I saw a type of jig they use. Just a bent branch,  basically. It lets you store lots of  thread on it and deploy it easily. So it's the next best thing  to a modern fishing rod. I spent quite a bit  of time in the forest just looking for  the right stick. * So, after a lot  of searching, I found one that I think  can do the trick. * I just try to make things beautiful, besides useful. Scratch out some beautiful lines, make it a little bit animal-like. Make it so that the objects that you use, everyday objects, become meaningful. These little things that are emotional assets, they can carry you. If it's a rough day, that can be just the difference between wanting to leave or willing to go another day, maybe another few days, and then conditions get better. Who knows? There we go, this guy is ready for traveling. Got about 50 meters of line on, which should be plenty of. * Missing this darn salmon run is  frustrating and discouraging, but it made me realize that  maybe I was being too stubborn  with just one plan. So I want to diversify  a little bit more and listen--  listen to what the bush, what this place,  has to say. Maybe there is  an extreme abundance right here at my feet  in the cove. * There is other ways  to get food here and it's maybe  right in front of my door. * And I'm learning  bits and pieces every day. Every day,  there is some new thing that I'm realizing about... the tides, about the winds,  about the currents, about the forest. * Each day has its own rhythm  dictated by the land, and I just try to adapt to it. * Holy cripes. And big, it is. Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. [mumbles indistinctly] Stay there, stay there, stay there, stay there. Look at this fantastic fish. Oh, my God. Finally, things are happening for me. Finally. * Come on. Get this in the bag, at least. Oh, thank you. Thank you-- finally, all those efforts. * I'm so glad. Make a big difference. * If the fishing continues  the way it was today, I don't see a reason to leave. * [dramatic music] * * - Good morning. Um, today... What's on the agenda for today? * I'm gonna start cooking... early afternoon. I've got a bunch of limpets to add to my stew. So that's gonna take a little bit of a fire, 'cause I was to boil it for about an hour. Boil some of the liquid down just a tiny bit, thicken it up. Nothing really to do  for a few hours, so I'm just gonna  cut some wood. Keep my mind occupied. Every day,  I've done the same routine. Wake up in the morning. Process firewood. * Check my lines. I'll check my traps. If I catch food,  I process them. * Make a fire, get me a rolling boil, and then I'm cooking. * Eat dinner. * I have my tea. And then waiting and waiting maybe three, four hours  for darkness. * Then just crawl  in your sleeping bag and go to sleep. * Every day that I spend here, nothing's different. It's boring. * Soon as I get bored,  I start wanting to work. And as soon as I start  wanting to work, I start cutting wood again. Exerting myself a lot,  burning calories. I got enough freaking wood here  for ten days, probably. * The length of the days are  really starting to get to me. I'm just trying  to get the day over with. They're really lasting  a long time. I am wore out. You look up "wore out" in the dictionary, my face is right there, just like a mug shot. Just wore out. * It's a struggle to get out of  bed in the morning. * I just don't feel like getting up. * What's really irritating me  is time. Every minute is dragging by, barely moving. Tick... tock. * Tick... tock. * I don't know  what to do with myself. Just sitting... sitting here,  watching the world go by. * After a while, there's just not very many redeeming qualities about this place. * I just feel like  I want to crawl up in bed and not get back out again. * All I do is go to sleep,  dream about food, wake up, and be like, "Oh, that's right, I'm [bleep] here." I'm still here. * How many more days, man? How many more days of this? * How long can a person  go out here? It's getting tough. But I still don't  want to go home. I want to stay out here. I want it to be over,  I don't want to suffer anymore, but unfortunately, I might  have to suffer a lot more. * So here's the deal. I finally did break down a little bit and start crying. And I'll tell you why. Um... yeah, it's hard out here. Not for the alone thing. It's--I thought maybe I'd get in my head with my demons and my own issues back home, but that's not the case. It's just freaking hard, man. It's freaking hard, eating a freaking sea snail and calling that dinner. And doing it over, and over, and over again. * I'm trying not to  think about tapping. And I'm thinking about tapping  all the time. You have to keep freaking  plugging away, keep plugging away. You always have to just give it your all, give it all you got, man. And that's what I'm struggling with, is giving it all I got, 'cause... there damn sure ain't a lot left, I can tell you that right now. * [sighs] * * - So I moved my gill net. The seals are still  eating my fish off my line  and off my gill net. * The calories, definitely,  these last couple of days, have been down,  without having any fish and only relying,  really, on the limpets. I've cut my  energy expenditure down. Just trying to  conserve calories. Feeling just a little bit off. * And I'm a little spacey. Feeling really light-headed. The salmon run's almost over. Now, anything left... It's this sort of game, like  the seals have their niche, and the bears can also eat it in the river, and they can also eat it in the higher intertidal area when the tide is out. So the bears and the seals aren't really competing. They don't really overlap. Well, I am right in the middle. So I'm competing with both of them. * Yeah, very empty net. Nothing caught in it. I need to eat  to sustain myself. It's--well, you know a good  survival strategy? Scavenging for food. If the seals weren't  stealing my food, I'd be fine. Scavenging's a great  survival strategy. Lots of people use it. Maybe not in our culture,  but it works. * All right, I'm gonna go check out where the bears live. Maybe they come here, but their main river. See if I can, uh... steal some food from the bears. 'Cause, you know--hey, if they're done with their carcass, I'm cool eating it. Yeah. See the path to the--on the right side of the screen? That's a bear path, right there. That's how the bears get down. How 'bout I take their path? See you later. Wish me luck. Maybe I'll scavenge some food. I'm gonna go take this bear trail. * Look at that. Someone's been eating well. * If there's anything left that the bears have been eating that still looks decent enough that I can chop it up and put it in my frying pan, I'm eating it. * Hello! Human coming! I'm, like, on their trail, so I want to let them know. 'Cause it's the mom and cubs. * I just want to let them know so I don't surprise them, you know? Want to make sure they know you're coming. That's when they do things like charge. * We're on their trail-- oh yeah, there's salmon. * I'm not gonna eat that piece. Tail. It's not big enough. * Hello! Human coming! [shouts indistinctly] * I got a weird feeling-- a cougar over here. * Huh. * I just feel like... Back in there, there's... Really strong feeling of mountain lion. * I have pretty good senses. Right in here, somewhere. * All right, yeah, I feel like I've gotten far enough here. I'm worried that the predators will keep stealing my food, and, uh, I'm hungry. I need to eat. * - * All I'm doing  is suffering * * Why are you suffering? * I'm trying to  make life changes * - My green food sources  are freezing, I think with with the weather. It's not looking very good. - There's ice falling  out of the sky. The wind is bone-chilling. Yeah, it's weather like this that makes people tap out. - Oh, man, look at all these mussels. They may make me  sick like a dog. But life is risk. * 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 