Alone: Season 1, Episode 3 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Alone 
 s1e3 - The Talons of Fear - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Alone (2015–…): Season 1, Episode 3 - The Talons of Fear - full transcript 
 After only a short time in the wild, the men find that extreme isolation is beginning to take its toll. A survivalist undertakes a massive cabin project, one man loses his most important ... 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Right up there. I have no way to defend myself. I'm not sleeping here under a piece of canvas with a bunch of wolves behind me. That was scary. That was enough for me. I've got to find water. So I built a boat out of a tarp and sticks. I hear some water running, a freshwater mountain stream. Oh, yes. (Joe) Hello, bear. You stay on your side. So I got a big problem. I lost my ferro rod. If that's the case, 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 I have to keep this fire going indefinitely. I'm screwed. I don't know what to do. (Brant) This is gonna be a bitch. (Chris) We have to film it, and we're totally alone. (Dustin) Nobody knows what it's like here except for the ten guys out here doing it. Time to get shelter. (Dustin) There's nobody here but me. (man) This is so hard doing this alone. (Josh) I'm scared to death right now. (man) I feel like I'm starving. [wolf howls] [animal growling] 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 (man) Pretty sure I just saw a cougar. (Wayne) Oh, [bleep]. (man) The last man standing wins $500,000. I don't want to go home. I want to win. (Wayne) This is the chance in a lifetime, but it's not worth dying over. (Alan) It's funny how time works here. I don't think about clocks or the hour of the day, but I look out at the ocean, and the tide now has become my clock, so I'm starting to-- starting to get into a rhythm. First couple days has been challenging trying to find my groove out here and get in it and just fit into the flow of nature. So we'll make the rounds here at the supermarket. See we have seaweed. The upper portion is the most palatable. (Alan voice-over) In my area where I live geographically, a lot of people come to me to learn about plants and things like that. Satisfying. During my time here being in an area that I'm totally unfamiliar with, I don't know a thing about the plants, and I'm gonna have to rely heavily on my instincts about things and just observe and study and make decisions on what's going on in that world. Bull kelp. Hmm. Tastes slimy, yet substantial. Lucky for me, I'll eat about anything, until you just get tired of it and say, "I want to go home." (woman) Would you like green tea tropical or organic African nectar? (Alan) I'm gonna go with the green. Like I said, it's not a competition against people. It's a competition against myself. I think that's something that's common among everybody that goes to the woods. That's why you go there. It's our church, and that's our temple. That's where we get in touch with creation, creator, self, and when you strip everything away, it gets pretty real. This stuff is good, but it don't have anything on Nana's cooking. Mmm. So I need to get some firewood, and I also want to build a cabin, so I think it's time we do some serious work. So let's drop a big tree. Now, why am I building a cabin? I really want four walls around me that I can feel secure in. If a big, bad bear is going to come knocking at my door, I'm going to have a few moments to be able to grab my ax, my spear, or whatever. So close. I found clay. I scored, because right here is a deposit of clay. There's so much I can do with clay. I can make vessels. I can make--I could-- in between a fireplace if I want to have an indoor fireplace, if I make it that far. So I would be able to have a fire indoors with some stone and clay mixed. I'd be able to eat food in there and feel safe. Plus, I'd just be able to dry out. I think the real challenge is the psychology of being here alone, and if I can get four walls around me and a little fireplace, I know I can last longer. Whoo! Perfect. Oh, my God. That was a lot of work. The first time I hauled logs out of the wood, it was with my pop. We would get firewood on weekends. I was, like, eight years old, and all I wanted to be doing was, like, watching Ninja Turtles. I despised it. Now I really like it, but he did teach me how to move logs on my shoulder. A couple times--the couple first times I did it, it was the most painful experience, and then after a while, he was like, "You know there's a muscle on your back "that you can kind of balance stuff on, and it isn't so bad as long as you have good footing," and one day, I found it, and something clicked, and I was like, "Oh, yeah." Okay. Now I just need to adjust it. Oh, yeah. Okay, let's try it. Whew. (Joe) I had a plan. I got fire going. I got water boiled up, and that was great, and I got some food in me, and then after that, my plan was to start building my shelter, and I turned around, and my-- where I had set my fire steel on top of my jacket, I must have grabbed my jacket without noticing my fire steel was there, and it went into the sand or into the water, and then the tide came up, and by the time I noticed, it was completely gone. I searched for two hours for that fire steel, and it's just not here. It's just super wet, and without a fire steel, what am I going to do? I just-- I can't believe I lost it. Argh. I'm so frustrated with myself right now. It's such a stupid thing to happen. A friction fire here is not even in the question. It--it won't work. All the wood is soaked. Damn. So my options are stay here and drink water from the river without purifying or boiling it and risk getting Giardia or whatever else or go home. That said, I'm not gonna have any fire to cook my food either. I don't know what to do. This is the worst. I'd rather go home because I was missing my family or anything else other than this. This is just stupidity. I can't believe it. I don't know what to do. I don't want to go home. That's for sure. [dramatic music] ¶ ¶ (Joe voice-over) It was a rough start for me. Losing that fire steel really-- really got to me. I just--I don't know. Maybe I'm just exhausted, but I just lost my will to be here. I think I'm done. I'm sorry to everybody I let down. I'm sorry to my wife and my daughter, all my friends and my mom. I didn't realize what it was gonna be like here. It sucks. I really didn't want to quit, but it's hard for me. [helicopter blades whirring] I think I hear my ride coming. That's it, guys. Sorry I couldn't last longer. I've done such more than this. This is nothing. Three days is nothing. Just--I guess I wasn't ready, you know? That's it. Obviously, if I can't even keep track of my [bleep], what am I doing out here? Getting ready for this thing, I constantly said, "I'll be fine as long as I'm not the first person to tap out," and I'll guarantee you I am. None of those other guys have tapped out yet. (Sam) Today's my first big shelter day, so I'm going to really get going on that primary shelter, and I'm excited. It's gonna be a good day. Okay, buddy. Time to fall now, eh? If you talk Canadian to it, it goes faster. Hey, buddy. Time to fall now. This whole wilderness, living skills, bushcraft thing, this is one of my main hobbies and career paths. This is pretty awesome, but in the back of my head, there's always just missing my wife and soon-to-be child. (woman) Go get the stick. Go get the sick. (Sam) Oh, man. Oh. (Sam voice-over) My wife is pregnant. I made her pregnant. It's my fault. The hardest part is not gonna be able-- not being able to talk to you. No one's gonna be laughing at you out there. Yeah, no one's gonna be laughing at me except for-- The bugs aren't gonna applause for you. Yeah, they're not gonna-- it's a tough crowd, I hear. There's just a lot that I'm gonna have to do by myself, but that's okay. (Sam) That's the big mental struggle: that I should be doing more, you know, to provide for my family and not just for myself. (Sam voice-over) The fact that I'm gone for a very significant part of home life is a big, big deal. I've been preparing myself mentally for this, but it's always hard. I've got the shelter looking--looking okay, I think. I'm just gonna put up a quickie roof here. It's going to be kind of a A-frame style. It should shed the rain pretty well. You can just tell we've got a huge front coming in, so now is the time to prepare. (Wayne voice-over) I think my biggest challenge will be mental, but the animals, mountain lion, wolves, bears, cougar, I've always been, you know, a little deterred about animals. I've never had any problems with them, but that's going to be on my mind. Look what I just seen washed up right out in front of my camp. What would you do with it? I'm not starving right now, and I have no idea how it died, so I'm going to take it by the feet, look at it. I don't see any blood anywhere. Well... [laughs] birds can have parasites and disease. I am not taking a chance of eating it. That's for sure. Oh, look at that. It's a jellyfish. [laughs] So I am whipping this over there behind those rocks, because I don't want something coming along and thinking it's a meal and right out in front of my campsite. Actually, since I've had him out of the water, it is actually starting to stink a little bit. [laughs] I like being able to look across there and not see bears. [laughs] Yeah. That has me a little bit nervous. I've got to-- I've got to admit. (Lucas voice-over) I'm building a cabin. I want to put the time into, like, making a really good structure, because I know that out here, it's gonna get cold. Well, it's nearing the end of the day, and I had this premonition... To check the clay source in the creek to see how well it fires. Now, the reason I was building a cabin was, because on the inside I can make a fireplace, and with enough clay, I could fill in between the stones, and also make the wall fireproof. You could add, like, a thick layer of clay, and it would never fire the logs, and I just did some preliminary testing on the clay. I made a few, basically, like, shapes, and tossed them in the fire, and it-- and it looks like it's inferior. It's just not going to work, which basically means my cabin idea is not going to work. All these logs behind me and all that work... I'm feeling pretty crushed right now. Man, I worked so hard today. I need a hug. [laughs] My mother was really concerned that coming out here I'd get crazy, and I reassured her that that had already long since happened. (Dustin) Nights here are long. That means more and more time sitting here in the dark. $500,000 is a lot of money, but how much is the time away from your family worth? (Wayne) Oh, [bleep]. Hey, bear. [dramatic music] ¶ ¶ (Wayne) I'm just so discouraged right now, because I can't find a place to put up shelter. Right now, it's not raining, but I believe it's supposed to rain for, like, the next five days, and this here was the time that would have gave me the opportunity to get a shelter built--these last two days, and I haven't find found a place to even build a shelter yet. This is probably the crappiest shelter I've ever put up. It's just because I don't have time. I could not find two trees that there wasn't, you know, a bunch of stuff in the way. It just... You can see here. Here's the water. Here's my camp. I'm about 2 feet up above that water line. I'm kind of hoping it stops. [laughs] So I'll try to figure out something here. The trees are huge. Bushes, bushes, great big, giant trees everywhere. I don't even know where I would drop a tree in here. I mean, yeah, look right here. I can make a shelter out of that. Sure I could. I know how. But look at the bear path right here. Would you sleep on a bear path? I sure as hell ain't going to. And every damn thing in here is bear path. Yeah. Look at this, guys. Bear [bleep]. If this didn't have bears and cougars and, you know, the highest population in North America, it might not bother me as bad. I don't know. I could start constructing something right here. Out here, you know, there's still bushes and stuff. If anything came around, I would hear... I guess. Yep, this ought to be fun. I'm out of my element. There's no flat ground. It's all 6 inches of gooey moss. It will keep me dry, keep me warm, won't keep me safe, but I don't think really much will out here. I'll hear something scratching at the canvas or something if something does come along. I got a lot of brush here. I like that. You'll hear them coming through the brush, and if it's a bear, I'm kind of hoping I just have to say, "Hey, bear." And he'll hear me and hear a human voice and go away. That's what I'm hoping. (Dustin voice-over) I'm running out of daylight. There is the sun, and it's about to go behind that mountain. I have... less than a hand, so that means in less than an hour, it's gonna be dark here. I don't know; that sun probably ruined that whole [bleep] thing. Been climbing around this island for a little while now. Never ends. There's a balsam fir in front of me, and it has these blisters. See the humps? They have resin in them. This resin is a good topical medicine. I have these little cuts and scrapes. That will dry over it and seal it, and the wound won't be exposed anymore. (Brant) Spilling your guts on this camera plays hell with you. It's volatile. It brings you down so far. And quite honestly, I don't know if I can bring it back up. I don't know. You know, I thought maybe it was because I can't start a fire in this mush and this moisture, but I think it might be something more than that. I don't know; maybe it's just, you know, missing home, missing my family. I don't have any interaction whatsoever, except for me and this camera, and it's freaking me out. It's, like... I've never been alone like this. All right, well, let's shut this off for a little while. (Alan) It's been a pretty successful day. Kind of getting into a groove. Taking it day by day. I went down this evening and ate more limpets and more seaweed. I'm gonna try to vary my diet a little bit. I'm going to work on a cooking camp somewhere else, I guess, and then I'll break out the net and the fishing gear and maybe even trap some. Still missing home. Still thinking about home a lot. (Wayne) [breathing heavily] Oh, [bleep]. Hey, bear. Hey, bear. [bleep]. I'm sitting in here. I was just charged by a bear. I said, "Hey, bear." And it just looked at me. I said, "Hey, bear," and it just keeps on coming at me. He just kept coming. He just kept coming. And I just backed away and backed into the woods. I'm scared. I don't know where he is. He could be into the woods circling behind me. I don't know. I'm just hoping he hears my voice and he won't come up here. I don't know. He might come up here. He might. I don't know. All I can do is sit and wait. I hear something out there. [dramatic music] ¶ ¶ (Wayne) Oh, [bleep]. Hey, bear. [bleep]. I'm sitting in here. I was just charged by a bear. I don't know where he is. He could be into the woods circling behind me. I don't know. It's a big bear too. I just sent a distress call, and I hope it gets to them. All I can do is sit and wait until I hear from them. I'm scared. [exhales] My heart's still thumping. [phone rings] Oh, [bleep]. Hello. I'm still here. I hear the bear back there somewhere. He's out there somewhere. I don't know where. I don't know if he's circling me or not. I'm done, dude. I've... Yes, yes, I'm tapping out. Come get me. Are you still there? I hope they come. (Dan) So we've just hit the logging road out to Holberg, and we're going to dive off that down to go and find Wayne. Knowing that Wayne's in immediate danger, we have to go and search for him now. There is no access by boat or plane. No one's willing to fly out at nighttime, so we took the chance of a road. Yeah, we have flares, spray, all that stuff. (Grant) Dan's GPS says this is gonna take over three hours. Heard him out back there crunch. I don't know if he's circling around, what he's doing. I don't know. I hope they get here quick. Sorry, whoever I disappoint. I'm sorry. This is the chance in a lifetime. It really is, but when you fear for your life, I mean, it's quite a difference. It's not worth dying over. (Neil) I think this is the easy part. Once we get there, we have a pretty dense forest to get through to find him. To be honest, I don't-- I don't even truly know how we're even gonna find him or give him directions to-- to find us. I only have a tarp protecting me. I've got pepper spray and a flare. You know, that-- that could do something, but I'd rather have a friggin' rifle. I want out of here. I don't know. I'm just keeping on talking to you, because it eases my mind a little bit. I'm just hoping he hears my voice and he won't come up here. I don't know. He might come up here. He might. I don't know. All I can do is sit and wait. All right. This bit comes back like so. (man) Gotcha, sweet. (Dan voice-over) Wayne's location's pretty inaccessible at the moment because it's dark. We can't get to him by air or sea, so were gonna have to go in and hack through the woods as best we can. We do have an approximate location of where he is from his GPS tracking device. Whether we can get to him or not is a different matter. It's really pretty rough terrain out here. I hope Wayne's okay. We haven't heard from him in ages. We need to get there as quick as we can, make sure he's alive. See, I feel like if we-- it's low tide--if we get- Wait, this is gonna take us straight-- if we can walk on this, we're gonna hit another river, and it might not be as raging as the other one. If we just follow that (both) Oh, yeah. - That'd be perfect. - So maybe do that. And then we can head right off that one. - Yep. - Straight down. No update from Wayne in 35 minutes. [bleep]. [dramatic music] ¶ ¶ ¶ ¶ (Alan) It's been a very slow, grinding day, but persevere. Just--I'm just maintaining. Just doing it one day at a time. Definitely missing some folks, missing home, but can't dwell on that. You've got to stay focused. (Dustin) [exhales] I don't know what time it is. Nights here are long, and that means more and more time sitting here in the dark with nothing but time to think about everything, think about life, think about my wife and my family, you know, my dogs. Like, you know... I mean, $500,000 is a lot of money, but how much is the time away from your family worth? (Dan) We're on a rescue mission to go and find Wayne. Wayne said he was charged by a big black bear. He said it got within 20 feet of his camp, so he left his fire area and stayed in his tent. We haven't heard from him for ages, so we're a bit concerned. I think that's our best option at the moment. It's clearer. We've just got to be careful with our feet. (man) Wayne! (man) Wayne! (man) He's gonna be straight out, and then we've got to look to the left. We're still about a 1/2 mile from wherever he is. (man) I see a fire. There he is. (man) Yeah. He's just out to my 12 o'clock now. (man) Wayne! Hello? Hello? (Wayne) Here they come. I was wondering if you were gonna wait until morning. (man) How are you doing? (Wayne) Well, before you guys came, it's like, "Holy [bleep]. I hope they come," because it sounded like there was something walking up in the bush up in there. That bear is here. I think he wants his beach back, and he can have it. I know I'm letting a lot of people down, and it sucks. It does. It sucks. But I know my family wants me back home too. I'm not happy to go home, no. I feel that I am a survivor but not when it comes to animals that can chew me up and spit me out. I don't want to be food, and saying, "Hey, bear" does not work. - Let's go. - Hey, bear. Hey, bear. Woo! Woo! Hey, bear. Hey, bear. So it's the middle of the night. I just woke up, and my fire almost went out. It scared the crap out of me. I looked over, and there's nothing but just- it's just barely embers. I got up, and I sawed some wood, put some on, and it looks like it's going to be okay, but what's not okay is, there is a storm heading-- heading somewhere. I'm not sure yet where, but I see the flashes of light in the sky, and then I hear the rumbles. That's not good. I hope all the other guys got their shelters up. I'm shutting this thing off. [dramatic music] ¶ ¶ ¶ ¶ [rain pattering] Rain's just coming down, and I'm realizing that this canvas is not at all waterproofed in the slightest. It's just a sponge waiting to get rained on, and that doesn't make for very good shelter. This structure's not going to hold under any real rain, so I have some choices to make. It just depends on how much it rains, but for now, it will do...just barely. Welcome to the Pacific Northwest. (Sam) The rain really restricts me to staying in camp, and it seems the more I stay in camp all day, like, the more I'm just, you know, inside my own head the whole time. I have a lot of time out here to think why I'm here, what's my goal, why did I come out here in the first place? And I think... Strangely, I don't have an answer 100% right now, you know, that's really the truth, that's really, you know, the core reason why I'm here. I'll keep you posted on that. I'll keep you posted. I'm either tired or I'm starting to relax, one or the other. I just turned 40. You look back at your life and think, "Where did it go?" Just poof. Here I am 40 years old next to a log in British Columbia. How did it all happen that fast? You want to be a good father. You want to be a good husband. It's, like, when you get alone, you know, the-- all of it comes up, every mistake you've ever made. You sit and analyze it and analyze yourself. And you just--it's hard to strike that balance, you know, to live a life that's-- where you feel like you do justice to everything. My thoughts fluctuate between what's got to be done now and, you know, back--back home. I just... I really miss my family. You--you know, I'm starting to question myself. If... [clears throat] You wonder if the people in your life really know how much you love them. (Mitch) My goal is to push my own limits. Ah, this is stupid. (Brant) It's just monotonous. The tide comes in. The tide goes out. It's making me absolutely crazy. (Sam) It's really easy in this type of environment to just become your own worst enemy. (man) That was a weird sound. I didn't like that sound at all. I hope it wasn't a predator. I'll just take everything and run. I don't even care. (Alan) Have you ever seen anything so delectable in your life? (man) My biggest problem is getting fire out here. (man) I don't think I can close my eyes again in this place. Guys, I'm pretty sure I just saw a cougar about 10 feet from my front door. OpenSubtitles recommends using Nord VPN from 3.49 USD/month ----> osdb.link/vpn  
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 