Tough As Nails: Season 1, Episode 10 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Tough As Nails 
 s1e10 - Finish the Job - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Tough As Nails (2020–…): Season 1, Episode 10 - Finish the Job - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 - (lowing) - (horn honks) PHIL KEOGHAN: We traveled into the heartland of America. A coast-to-coast tour to find America's toughest workers. - Whoo-hoo! - In the end, 12 hardened individuals made the cut. - Pull! - Get this money! Each week, they competed in a team competition... - Thumbs-up! - (whooping) ...and an individual competition... LINNETT: You're fine, Murph. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 - ...at real jobsites. - (cries out) - Get up! Get up! - Along the way, - there was sweat, blood... - (shouting) - LINNETT: Medic! - ...tears... I don't feel like I'm part of this team anymore. ...emotional highs... KEOGHAN: Dirty Hands, you are the official winners of the Tough As Nails team competition. - ...and lows. - That's okay. MURPH: As much as I wanted to win for my team, I just didn't. KEOGHAN: With the team competition over, it's all about the individual competition. One by one... 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 LEE: If you keep your mind focused on the past, you'll have no future. KEOGHAN: ...seven workers punched out... ...leaving only five to battle it out. Tonight, Callie, Danny, Myles, Murph and Linda... will compete against each other in the ultimate test of endurance, life skills and mental toughness. Only one will be crowned Tough As Nails champion... - Oh! - This is a massive mistake. ...and win $200,000. You know how many years it takes me to make that? Real people, real life, - real tough. - Finish the job. This is the finale of Tough As Nails. ♪ ♪ MELISSA: I would say, "What do you guys think we're doing today?" But no one has a clue. Drywall. - Damn it. - (laughs) We got to do an underwater challenge. - Let's go. Yeah. - Right up my alley. Let's do everything I'm good at. DANNY: So today there's five competitors left in the individual competition. We got Murph, Callie, Myles, Linda and myself. And one of us has a 20% chance at winning the $200,000 and that Ford truck. - We're cheering for you guys. - Thanks. Murph, what do you think you'll be doing today? I hope whatever it is, I'm better at it than everybody else. That's all that counts. You will be. - That makes sense. - But, Murph, there's no pressure, all right. Pressure is being homeless, having kids, trying to figure out how you're gonna raise these kids - being homeless. - Right. Pressure is a-a girl growing up, - all the statistics say she should fail. - Right. Pressure is having a husband that has cancer. Pressure is being in a big city with a daughter and a son. Pressure is immigrants coming to this country trying to make a life for themselves and for their kids, to make it better. Pressure is literally going to war and protecting our country... Everybody in here... Our country. That's pressure. - Gonna call you the Reverend. - (laughter) This is a game, dude. Go in there, there's no pressure, dude. Win that $200,000, win that big-ass truck, pay for your daughter's college. Take that truck and take a West Coast to East Coast trip... - LINNETT: That's right. - YOUNG: Pick us all up... - That's right. - ...and let's go someplace. - That's right. - Yay. MURPH: Unfortunately, my-my five team members are not eligible for the 200,000 anymore, so what I'm gonna do is I'm gonna bust my ass in the individual to-to represent Team Savage. I feel very humble that my team has confidence in me. We really feel like we're a family. We really care about each other and look out for each other. No matter what, we are here for you. Period! ♪ ♪ Good morning, everyone. ALL: Morning. How's everybody feeling? - MYLES: Feeling good. - Feel good? I told you it wasn't gonna be a vacation. It hasn't been a vacation, has it? - No, it has not. - It's been some hard work. Murph, how is your hand today? It's good. It's all bandaged up, ready to go. Yesterday, during the team challenge, it was kind of like a reality check. Danny and I have been in the top three to four competitors every challenge. Can I beat Danny? Yes. But Linda's also somebody to look out for. I mean, she has more skills than what I think we all realize. All right, so listen. From here on out, it's all about deciding who will be our Tough As Nails champion. This is a crucial individual challenge today. Axes will be flying as you try to make the cut and get into the final four. And because this is a confined space, and there's so much on the line, I'm gonna ask those of you who have punched out already to leave them to it, and go and wait for us at the overtime challenge. - Good luck, bro. - Do your thing, Myles. DANNY: Winning this money would open up my schedule to spend more time with my children and my wife, and be the husband and father that I wish I could be. But my job hinders that. I'm gonna bring everything I got and pull out the win. This is when it really matters, because you're standing here right now with a 20% chance at getting that Tough As Nails title. Danny, what do you know about your competitors? You have worked with them, you've been competing against them. They don't... they don't stop. And none of us here... none of us got here by stopping. We give it our all, we do our best and we just keep moving forward. CALLIE: Today, my goal is to just snap into that version of Callie that is so fierce and precise. I really think that I bring an aggression that-that they should be worried about. So let me tell you a little bit about today's challenge. When the work whistle blows, you need to cut and stack your wood. However, before you stack your wood, you need to fit each piece through the gauge easily... like that. You need to chop a total of 25 logs. The last two today will be going into overtime. You will be fighting it out to try to stay in the final four and keep your chances at winning the $200,000 prize. Everybody understand how this works? - Yes. - Sure. MYLES: My main goal right now is to put my best effort forward in this last sprint to the finish. But at the end, only one of us can take home that $200,000 and that truck. I'm hoping it's me. So how much you gonna win? $200,000. LINDA: It's a personal thing at this point. You know, I'm here to show my strength, and that I never tap out. And you don't stop until the job's done. I know, personally, there are no limits to what I can do. This is for the final four. ♪ ♪ Time to chop some wood. (work whistle blows) KEOGHAN: They're away. Different techniques. So, Danny's decided to put three logs on his chopping block at one time. DANNY: I want to chop three to four logs. That way I'm not bouncing around too much. I'm pretty confident. I love chopping wood. I have my aunt and uncle, who actually have a machine hydraulic chopper, and I like to race it sometimes. KEOGHAN: Myles has an interesting technique. MYLES: I'm trying to lay the wood at an angle and use the leverage of the board to split on the edge of the wood so it'll just split right down the middle. Hey, Myles! (chuckles) Sorry, buddy. I plant more trees than I cut down, man. KEOGHAN: Callie just into cutting so far. Linda's already cutting and gauging as she goes. LINDA: My boyfriend Tom chops wood every day all day. And... I never feel I'm good at it when I'm chopping next to him. So watching my dad and watching Tom, they always get, like, way up here and then drop with all their weight. That's the beginning and the end of my strategy right there. Murph already started stacking. He has wood on his rack. First one to do it. MURPH: I chop wood at the house, but not for time. I'm going to try not to let the pile build up underneath the gauge, to give my back a break. That way I can kind of stand upright and move around. CALLIE: Oh, no. As I'm chopping the wood, I'm trying to learn how to chop wood. -Sometimes my pieces are the wrong shape. -(grunts) I am working with a sharp tool, and so I don't want to do something stupid because I'm trying to work too fast. (grunts) No. I feel like a bit of an underdog. In the very beginning, I had failed at the very first challenge. (grunting) But I don't give up, and I won't, ever. KEOGHAN: Here comes Callie! That's what you call girl power right there. It's good and it's gone. Young and Callie! - (cheering, applause) - Yes. CALLIE: I hope that I inspire other women to not be afraid to go do the things that everybody tells them that they can't do. You know, I'm a fisherman. That doesn't mean I'm a man. And the title of Tough As Nails is gonna be mine. KEOGHAN: 25 logs to get through here. (whoops) Pieces flying all over the place. Man. Ooh. (whooping) Myles, brother, got some power over there. KEOGHAN: There you go. (exhales) MYLES: I've never been the loudest person in the room, but I've trained my mind, body and spirit to have a calm demeanor. I choose to be patient, because I know how I can be when I'm not. Yeah, y'all picked me as the leader, right? Look at me when I'm talking, y'all. Come on. Respect, right? I got a little explosive during the oil challenge. Right when we got down there, y'all did whatever the... y'all wanted to. Whenever I felt cocky or I felt as though I knew something about the challenge or job, I wouldn't do as great as I expected. I'm still working on myself every day. I'm not perfect. I'm far from it. I believe everybody has a warrior mentality, but it only comes out when you're willing to be courageous and fight for what you believe in. KEOGHAN: Myles is working at a much steadier pace than everybody else. MYLES: Because I have a son, because I have a beautiful woman, you know, I'm still trying to sculpt myself into the man that I want to become, and the man that I hope other people can aspire to be. And hopefully take home that Tough As Nails title. Danny down to 16 logs. 18 for Linda. Callie's at 19. 19 for Murph. 19 for Myles. Don't pay attention to his count. We have a race on our hands. One of you's gonna be winning $200,000. If you're getting tired, feel like your hands are hurting, sucking in the air... Think about that. ♪ ♪ This is all about what process will get the job done faster. Look at Callie... she's catching the logs as they go through the gauge, so she doesn't drop them on the ground. She doesn't have to double handle. Pretty smart move. 21 minutes in! Let's go for the big guy. You and me today, we're gonna go on a date. And then we're gonna split up. (laughs) Okay, not right away maybe. KEOGHAN: Murph's wound has just opened up there, left some blood on his ax. Sacrificed everything for his team yesterday. It's not stopping him though. Our oldest competitor today... 48 years old, wants to make it through to the final four. MURPH: I came to Tough As Nails because I wanted to prove to myself that I can still be competitive after being retired from the Marine Corps for eight years. I realized I've learned so much in the, in the time I've been here. So it's just like you'd set a piece of pie on a plate. And I overcame a-a fear of heights. - KEOGHAN: He's making it down. - (cheering, applause) He's walking it down as fast as he can. MURPH: The physical toughness can come, but the mental toughness, I think, is a lot harder to come by. Life experience, I think, is what makes you mentally tough. Um, it's every part of who you are. If I win, I want to say that I beat the best. I made the journey, I've come this far and I look forward to "And the Tough As Nails winner is... ...Murph." - CALLIE: Come on. - KEOGHAN: Callie, got an ax buried in the middle of that log. Can she get it on the third attempt? No. CALLIE: My techniques aren't working, but I don't know the solution. - (grunts) - Oh... This job requires endurance, but it's also about technique. Not just brute strength. LINDA: I'm not paying attention to the size of the logs, but then I hear that Callie's getting hung up on a big log. - (shouts) - Then I'm like, "Oh, maybe I should get the bigger ones out of the way if they're tougher." There's more hits in the big log. So, the gauge is a triangle, so if you start at the end, you can cut triangles and have less hits. So I started getting the big ones out of the way. (Keoghan whoops) KEOGHAN: Linda is picking up the pace. It's like her aerobic capacity is really kicking in. This log will not break. I don't want to spend all my energy on this one log, so I just bag it. I just completely kick it to the side. Tell it to e... You know, eat rocks. It's heartbreaking, but once I decide to give it up, then I'm angry. KEOGHAN: Callie has picked up the pace. We're more than 30 minutes into this already. Linda, using a new technique. Starting to go faster and gaining ground on our leader Danny. It is on the chopping block right now, guys, whether you make it through to the final four. I see what you did there, Phil! - KEOGHAN: You like that? - Love it. (shouts) (shouts) Four logs left for Danny. Five logs left for Linda. Murph on their heels with six to go, leaving Callie and Myles with eight logs to chop. First three to finish... Into the final four. The other two, you're gonna be going into overtime. And then one of you will be cut by the end of the day. Murph is leaving blood on every single log he's cutting. Gritting it out. Fighting to stay in this competition. Linda chasing down Danny. Look at the speed of Danny here. DANNY: So we're down to the final five. I'm always in the top of the pack, I have several wins under my belt in the individual competition. KEOGHAN: Danny wins and gets to pick a team. Danny with the wheelbarrow in and we have a winner! I've never seen overtime. - Danny! - KEOGHAN: Look at this man running. - Man. - DANNY: This whole time, I've had my eye on the glory that goes with the title of Tough As Nails, but I didn't realize that I'd come here and I would form bonds that would be as strong as family. - Yeah! - (whoops) And getting to know Murph, if there is an award for sportsmanship, - he'd probably win it all. - MURPH: Good job. - DANNY: And then you got Linda. - Over top, over top! DANNY: She taught me "Stay humble or you'll stumble." I want the win. That's all I came here for... KEOGHAN: Another stubborn log. ...but I met amazing people from every walks of life. So in a way, I have already won. And now I got to finish it up. KEOGHAN: Linda chasing down Danny for the win. Danny working on his third to last log. Can he beat Linda? And now Linda takes the lead. (mutters): Okay, now... Murph down to four logs. Five logs left for Callie. Five logs left for Myles. Almost there, baby. Come on. Almost there. (shouts) Linda going to the last log while Danny is putting his last two logs on the chopping block at the same time. One of you will be going through to the final four. Danny working his way through this log. Linda's pulling her stuff through the gauge. (whoops) Danny! All Linda needs to do now is to stack them. Danny still got a few pieces. Can they fit through the gauge? (Danny groans) Thumbs-up, Linda gets the win. - CALLIE: Yeah, Linda! - Linda, you are safe. You're going through to the final four. Congratulations. It's a thankful feeling, because I didn't get here because of just me. I'm here because of my team. I know I'm strong, and I know I'm tough. But sometimes that can only get you so far. - Working with my team... - KEOGHAN: Dirty Hands all working together now, piling the soil in there. ...seeing my team be vulnerable... LEE: I just hope somebody can feel a positive vibe from me - and let their life be changed. - Right. Right. Right. ...made me realize that you need to be honest and real with your emotions and it's okay to have them. It's okay to cry. No matter how tough you are. It happens. You wanted this? That pride? - Let go, let God. - Yeah. LINDA: This entire journey has made me more tough in so many ways than I could ever imagine. And because of my team, I'm ready to win the war. KEOGHAN: Danny will not slow down, Linda. Look at him. Everybody, keep on going. You're now fighting to try to stay out of overtime. Finish the job. KEOGHAN: Thumbs-up for Danny. Danny, job over. Come and join me over here. You're safe. You're going through to the final four. Three people left now. Two of you will be going into overtime. Murph working on his second to last log. Gauging it. Callie left that stubborn log behind. Myles our forester going for three logs at one time. And look at that. (whoops) LINDA: Go, Murph! Let's go, guys! Don't stop! I'm leaving blood on the wood. And when I pick up the axe, my finger has started aching, but I wasn't about to slow down for anything. There's only one spot left, and hopefully I can put two people from Dirty Hands in overtime today. KEOGHAN: Murph has got one more log. Callie trying to finish up with that problem log. - Oh, and his log slips off the chopping block. - LINDA: Come on, Murph! DANNY: Let's go, Myles. Don't stop, bud. - KEOGHAN: Murph back again. - LINDA: Don't stop. Keep going. KEOGHAN: Oh, Murph, get them through that gauge. - LINDA: Good job, Murph. - There you go. - Get a stack, get a stack. - All Murph needs to do now is just stack his logs. Get them stacked properly and he'll be safe through to the final four. Come on. One more for Murph, and has he got it? Bring it over, Murph. Bring it over here. DANNY: Good job, Murph. LINDA: Come on, Cal. KEOGHAN: Murph, congratulations, you're safe. You're going through to the final four. (whoops) Damn. A sense of relief. Nice job, Murph. To avoid overtime today and make two people from Dirty Hands face each other for the first time is huge. - Oh, man. Oh, my back, dude. - Nice work. I gave it everything I had. -Good job, guys. -The arms are sore, my back's sore, going into overtime against Callie. But that's okay. I work long, tough hours. That's part of my job every day. I used a lot of energy chopping that wood, and I'm frustrated over it. I'm no woodchuck. Yeah, but you never gave up, either. CALLIE: You know, it's all on the line, so I'm gonna try and channel that anger and just get nasty with it. Let's give a shout-out to Linda today - because you got on the end of that ax... - Absolutely. -...and you showed us what it means to chop wood. - Sure did. Callie and Myles, you will be going into overtime. Callie, you have not been into overtime. - CALLIE: No. - Myles, you've survived one, so you know what it's like. Yeah. Yeah, it's gonna be tough going up against my sister. - Man, I love Callie. - (chuckles) KEOGHAN: At the end of the day, one of you will be punching out. However, the other will be going into the final four and have a shot to compete against Danny, Murph and Linda. All right. Let's go meet up with the others. ♪ ♪ I know it's been a long wait, you guys. - Sure has. - KEOGHAN: Hey. You would be very proud of the final five. It was a battle. It came down to one log - and a couple of chops. - (Lee whoops) - Oh, wow. - KEOGHAN: And unfortunately, Myles and Callie finished last. They will be competing in overtime for the last spot in the final four. So, you guys get to rest. No overtime for you. MELISSA: In this whole competition, no two Dirty Hands competitors had to compete against one another in O.T. I'm cheering on both my teammates. I think they both bring something different to the table, so it could be anyone's game at this point. So, we come to a crucial overtime between Callie and Myles. We've pushed all of you to your absolute limits physically. Now we're about to push you to your absolute limits mentally. Callie, you'll be on the workstation over there. Myles, you'll be on this workstation. It's overtime. CALLIE: I'm gonna come at Myles as hard as I can. He's on my team. We've been through a lot together. But I'm not ready to quit that race yet. I think it's time for him to punch out. This is all about having nerves of steel, and it's all about precision. Callie and Myles, this is a crucial overtime. MYLES: Callie's an amazing person, and she has a lot of different skills. I don't underestimate her. She's a very tough competitor. She's gonna give it everything she can. I want to do this for my family. I want to do this for myself. I-I just want to give it my all. KEOGHAN: You'll see that there are four tools in front of you: three chisels and a hammer. When the work whistle blows, grab one of the cookies, and chisel a hole big enough that you can then slide that cookie on the square peg that you see next to you. It's four inches by four inches. The goal is to chisel out three cookies. But work carefully, 'cause if you break the wood, you'll need to pick up another cookie, and then start all over again. The first person to get it done will be back in contention for the individual Tough As Nails title... you'll be moving on to the final four. That will leave you with a 25% chance at winning the $200,000 prize and as you know, if you are last, you will be cut from the competition and punch out. On the work whistle. For the final four. Whatever you got. - (work whistle blows) - Let's go, let's go, let's go! MICHELLE: Precision, precision. Come on! Both have chosen the smallest chisel. MYLES: I come from a forestry background, but I have no experience doing wood chiseling. I'm gonna try to learn on the fly and do my best. They don't want to split the wood... and have to start all over again. CALLIE: A lot of commercial fishing is precision. You have to be slow and focused... It's not about a rush. Just nice and steady. Come on, girl. CALLIE: It can get exhausting. You're tired, it's been long hours. You start to go insane, and the mental toughness is equally as hard as the physical demand. It can be challenging for even the best. KEOGHAN: Five minutes in, and already you can see this is really going to test their patience. Myles has got the medium-sized chisel... he's got it buried quite deeply, and now he's getting the smaller chisel to try to get it out. This is when you've got to be careful that you don't split the wood. A very different challenge from everything that we've done so far. MYLES: I got damn near all of my chisels stuck in the wood. I'm not really trying to panic, but I know that I need to get at least one loose so I can keep working. Nice. He got it out. LEE: Myles fighting with his. He's fighting too much with the wood. Callie's not fighting with hers. She just made her hole, and making it bigger and bigger as she goes. KEOGHAN: We're nine minutes in, and we're still working on the first slice of wood. - MICHELLE: Attagirl. - MELISSA: Good job. Mind over matter, come on. KEOGHAN: Nice. Callie's working the rings of the wood. Precision. Not fighting the wood at all. Similar progress here from Myles. They're both very, very close. Those arms will be getting so tired. MYLES: My strategy is to use a small chisel, and as I work my way out, increasing the chisel size as I get bigger holes. Oh, Myles measuring his square peg. CALLIE: All the wood you pull out gets bunched up in the center. But once I get my circle big enough, I get up to the biggest chisel. You can really start taking out chunks. LINNETT: Okay, go back. - KEOGHAN: Callie very close. - Come on. - KEOGHAN: Myles... - LINNETT: Don't force it. - Good going, good going! - KEOGHAN: Oh, first cookie's gone down. Just do you. Just do you. Keep going. Don't look. ♪ ♪ MYLES: I get my first chunk on before Callie, but the strain on my forearms is really surprising me. KEOGHAN: There he is. A little stretching. Don't forget, he's just come off chopping a whole lot of wood, you guys. MYLES: Chopping wood, and now I'm doing this? My hands hurt, my forearms are trembling. I'm gonna give it everything I have. I can rest on the plane ride home. - KEOGHAN: There you go! - (cheering) There you go, you're in it. Good job. Now, again. Neither Myles or Callie want to give up on this. They know what's at stake. I respect Callie and Myles' work ethic. They both can bring it. I'm not sure who I want to face next in the top four. ♪ ♪ LEE: Looking real good, Myles. You're looking real good. LUIS: Stay focused. KEOGHAN: After all the physical and mental energy that you used to chop wood, we're now testing your eye-hand coordination with this detailed chiseling. MELISSA: You can rest tonight, go full force. LINDA: Good job, good job, good job. CALLIE: I can feel the burn in my forearm, and I get these shooting pains into my hand. And I periodically lose my grip on the hammer. I broke my collarbone playing rugby. I had surgery on it. I had five screws put in it. I went commercial fishing in Alaska, and on the boat, I snapped the titanium plate clean in half, and I had to go into surgery. I got a brand-new titanium plate put in. LEE: Take your time, Callie. Look where you at. I never use my collarbone as an excuse. You know, put the pain in the back seat and just keep driving towards the goal. DANNY: There you go. That's it, that's it. LEE: She should go now, Callie. She should go. She should go. (cheering) KEOGHAN: And Callie takes the lead. - There you go. - Come on, girl, come on! LEE: Take your time, baby. Look at it. KEOGHAN: Oh! Myles evens the score with another cookie. Now this is about how Callie and Myles can deal with the pressure. Tied game, two cookies apiece. Callie's got a bit of a lead. Can Myles catch up? LINNETT: Let the hammer work for you instead of you working on the hammer. There we go. KEOGHAN: Myles is moving faster than he was before, and with a lot more confidence. Callie's just nice and steady. CALLIE: I'm getting so frustrated 'cause I smashed my thumb with the hammer for, like, the ninth time. LINDA: Focus on you. Fight through it. Fight through it. CALLIE: It was so helpful to hear Linda. Just to put the pain in the back seat and keep driving. - Get it. Whoo! - Let's go! ♪ ♪ - DANNY: There you go. - KEOGHAN: Having a look. Big move there from Callie. LEE: Good move. You're looking good, Callie. KEOGHAN: That wood is opening up. Oh, he's measuring. KEOGHAN: Myles is getting closer. Remember to breathe, Myles. KEOGHAN: Both down to the last few millimeters. Which one of you wants it more? Oh... neck and neck. Who will be first? LEE: What color you want that truck in, baby? (all cheering) LEE: Give me some, baby, give me some! What color that truck in, baby? Give me some. Give me a little something. -Good job. -Good job, good job, baby. Good job! LINNETT: Good job. Great job. MYLES: I made it. Callie's a great person and a tough competitor, so I think I got really lucky in this one. I know that I probably made my family and friends proud, and I hope to keep making them proud. Myles, I want to congratulate you on a hard-fought fight. You are going into the final four. - (applause) - Good job, Myles. Thank you. And then, Callie, for you, you've been a formidable opponent to everybody, a worthy teammate. Unfortunately, you have been cut from the competition, and we do need you to punch out. - Okay. - Thank you. - Good job, Callie. - (applause) ♪ ♪ MELISSA: Good job, good job, good job. MICHELLE: Champion. Whoo! CALLIE: I did a good job, and I competed against some incredible opponents. I'm proud of what I've done, and I know that my dad would be proud. It's been an incredible journey, and I'm really glad that I, that I went on it. Myles, you are through to the final four. Danny, Linda, Murph, it's game on now. This is it. This is the final push. One of you is gonna be our Tough As Nails champion. MICHELLE: I was heartbroke Callie got bumped out for the final four. I'd have loved to have seen two men go up against two women. But this-this group's gonna have a battle. Every one of them wants this really bad. (whooping) ♪ ♪ (dog barking) How are you feeling? Pretty much the same as, like, - where I get my head for every competition. - Okay. - I just try and not overthink things. - Don't over... Yeah. Just do your best and, seriously, just be like, "I got this." 'Cause you do. - Thanks for having my back. - (both laugh) With everything that I've been through in my life, my trust isn't easily given. How can you be glass half full all the time? Honestly, I just feel like there's so many negative people in this world. So if I'm overly excited, embrace it, be excited about it. And if that gets people more excited for the day, then I've done my job. I would like to take a little bit of that home with me. Rub some off. There we go. MELISSA: I love it. LINDA: Being around Melissa, trust is just an amazing thing to feel. There's a lot of parts of me that I have suppressed, just with things I've been through. And I felt like I've gone into survival mode just to get through my job. Um, and I've been the happiest I've been here, rediscovering who I am and parts of me that I have missed. And just seeing how much you don't care about what the outside world thinks, and that matter. And your focus is to... You be happy. And that's where I'm getting back to. Just do you. Just do you. LINDA: Working the jail has made me the tough person you see today. You have to put your straight face on. But I've grown in so many ways here. One thing I love about Melissa is that no matter what she goes through, she is so positive. -(blows) -I love to dance and be loud like she does. And that used to be a part of me, but I've suppressed that. You know, I walked in here knowing I'm tough, but I've realized how much tougher I can be, and I am being. You're gonna crush it, though, today. I know you are. Do we need to do a final dance move to get you in the mood? Ready? Pump it up. Ready? We can do it. We can do it. Go, Linda. Go, Linda. (laughs) You got this, girl. Kick ass. All right, are we ready? DANNY: How does everybody feel after yesterday? A little sore in the hamstrings. MURPH: Danny, Myles and Linda are some pretty fierce competitors, but I want this really bad, so I'm gonna give it everything I have. I'm gonna sacrifice whatever I have to sacrifice to be out on top when this is over with. You know, it's unfortunate that Danny and Linda don't know what it feels like to be in overtime. DANNY: Other than the coal shoveling, I have been top two every competition, and that's how I stayed out of overtime. I want this win so bad that you'll have to scrape me off the ground before I give up. Linda, do you think it's unfortunate we don't know what overtime feels like? I work so much overtime back home. - You guys are missing out. - Price you pay for winning. ♪ ♪ MYLES: I would have never expected to get this opportunity to even compete in something like this. $200,000 is more than a couple years of work for me. To be able to bring the grand prize home to my family would just be such a blessing. Welcome to the final four on Tough As Nails. - Yes! - All right! From here on out, no more overtime. You lose, you're out. - Go big or go home today. - Exactly. This is Rowan's Packaging Warehouse. You know what they do here? - Package. - Package stuff. KEOGHAN: Lot of packaging stuff. That's what you're gonna be doing today. Anybody here driven a forklift before? - Long time ago. - Long time ago? Early in the Marine Corps, it was probably... almost 30 years ago. Again, all of you come with your different life skills. As you can see, there are a lot of supplies here. And your job today is to sort some of them onto pallets, bundle them up, and then get them onto the shelves. When the work whistle blows, run over to your forklift and take a look at the work order. The work order shows the specific combination of boxes and barrels that you need to stack onto seven empty pallets. You need to secure your order with plastic wrap, and then, finally, use the forklift to stack your pallets correctly on the racks that you see at the end of the warehouse. The clock will be running. The fastest three go through to the final three. The slowest today will be cut from the individual competition and punch out. You will be competing one at a time, without your competitors watching, so you'll have no idea how your strategy and speed stacks up against your competitors until all four of you have completed the job. On the work whistle. (work whistle blows) KEOGHAN: Oh, we knew he was gonna start out fast. Let's see what kind of approach he takes. Danny pulling his items one at a time, but, boy, is he moving quickly. Pallet one is good! Time is money right now. The faster I can go, the better chance I am to have a better time. Three pallets down for Danny. Whether it's over, under, whatever is the quickest way to get there. - Whoo, baby, I like that, I like that! - Another one. Seven pallets done. Now we're on to the wrapping. (groans) KEOGHAN (quietly): What is going on with this wrapping technique? Clearly, he does not wrap Christmas gifts at home. DANNY: This is super frustrating, because the Saran Wrap's not sticking. Once I can get it anchored, I should just be able to run around. But they're so close together, I got to, like, do some ballerina move over these boxes while holding the Saran Wrap in the right spot. It's not working out. But now Danny tying the plastic around the barrel to hold it in place, then wrapping. Much better technique. Let's go, Danny! Keep going! MELISSA: Danny's struggling hard-core with the shrink-wrap. It's just round and round and round and round and round and round, round, round, like a carousel ride. KEOGHAN: All seven pallets are wrapped up. That was some speedy packing but slow wrapping from Danny. - Let's go, baby, let's go! - (whistling) All right, we are in the forklift. - LEE: Put the seat belt on. - KEOGHAN: Don't forget that seat belt. DANNY: I have never worked with a forklift. I've seen professionals work them. (starts engine) But never have I jumped on one and... tried to drive it. You got no time to lose. You got to move quickly. Spill your cargo, that's gonna cost you even more time. - It's all about balance. - LEE: Good, Danny, that's good. Take your time, baby. That's good. DANNY: So I decide to work with the pallets that are on the lower levels first. That way I don't have the chance of hitting anything. Maybe I can get a feel for the forklift. KEOGHAN: Going in for the end. Danny lining up all the low-hanging fruit. Getting everything in on the ground level. - Two down for Danny. - You're looking good, baby, you're looking good! DANNY: I feel like a hockey player. I'm, like, shooting these pallets in, they're going in place with ease. I'm whipping around. I'm using the throttle. I'm trying to do this as fast as possible. KEOGHAN: He's using the accelerator to speed up the lift, getting it up onto the second level. -Nice move. -Good job, baby, good job! These other pallets are waiting on you, Danny! You're looking good, Danny, you're looking good! KEOGHAN: Danny now moving on to his fifth pallet. Good job, Danny, good job, baby, good job! KEOGHAN: Two more pallets to go. Another second-level drop-off. Oh! (gasps) - (all groaning) - Oh! Oh! (all groaning) Lost everything off the pallet. Time ticking away. I am just freaking out, because I need this time. I think this is a costly mistake. KEOGHAN: Look at the energy that he's using right here, stacking it up. He knows what's on the line. Whoa! And he just about goes over. He's dancing all over the place. DANNY: So, my plan, since I can't fit the roll in between the boxes and the forklift, is I tie it where I need to go, and I just run a long strand out, use my hands to tie it around, and I just tie it like a bow. LEE: You're looking good, Danny boy! He knows the clock is ticking away. ♪ ♪ One more pallet left for Danny. He knows he's got to make up time. Oh, he's worked fast, but that mistake... has it cost him? All the way up to E-1. This is the toughest one to place. Requires a delicate touch. Taking his time, but, boy, that load looks precarious up there bouncing around. - LEE: Come on back out, baby! - And he gets it up. That's it. All you got to do is park it, get those forks down, and the clock stops. - LEE: Come on! Come on, Danny! - Every second counts, Danny, - every second! - Come on, park this thing! - Get it in there! - Put the fork down, baby! Get the fork down, touch the ground! -(cheering, clapping) -LEE: Turn it off, get up out of there! DANNY: This was the most I'd struggled with a challenge, and hopefully my time gets me through to the next round. (work whistle blows) Go, Linda! - MICHELLE: Come on, Linda! - Okay! LINDA: I'm only going to be able to remember one set of numbers and letters at a time. I'm gonna have to go back and forth, which just means I'm gonna have to move faster. Linda completes her first pallet. - Nice job! - Good job, Linda! Great job! ♪ ♪ Come on, Linda, stay focused. You got this. Great job! Keep going! Linda working on her final pallet. Are we good? - MICHELLE: Yeah! - And you are good to go! Linda correctly loading all seven pallets, matching the work order a minute faster than Danny. Now we're on to the wrapping. Whew, you would think this was the easier part of the challenge, but this is not. Got to get this stuff to stick. - Good job, Linda, good job. - Keep going, girl. KEOGHAN: Tying off the plastic. There you go. - Keep the prayers coming. - Linda gets onto the forklift, still ahead of Danny's time. Let's see if she can keep her lead stacking the pallets. LINDA: I have never used a forklift before. I love to drive a normal car or truck, but a forklift is a whole different story. ♪ ♪ MICHELLE: Come on, girl, pedal to the metal! LINDA: Listen, don't rush me, or that whole thing's going overboard. KEOGHAN: Linda moving at a snail's pace on the forklift. I always think there's more than one strategy to get the job done... too fast could potentially knock items off a pallet. If you work methodically and you take your time and do everything right the first time, you're not gonna have to correct mistakes. KEOGHAN: Two of seven. Down, nice and safe. She lost a lot of time right there. KEOGHAN: Now you're getting the hang of it! Let's get a move on! That clock is ticking. You have not got time on your side today. Linda's lead over Danny diminishing by the second. Let's go, Linda. Get your speed up, now. KEOGHAN: Final move here, Linda. Go! - There you go. - LEE: There you go, now she's got it tilted. - Good job! - KEOGHAN: There you go! Now all you have to do is just get it parked. (others shouting) LEE: Get your forks on the ground! KEOGHAN: And stop the clock! LINDA: I feel like I did a really great job. I'm pretty proud of myself, and now I can take a deep breath... and bring it on home. - (work whistle blows) - Go, Myles! MYLES: Please be quiet over there, you guys. I love you. The only voice I want to hear is the voice in my head telling me what numbers I need to get. Working on that first pallet. ♪ ♪ Mm, nice little skip there. I'm trying to gallop around, so I can continue to face the boxes while I'm going through the aisle. KEOGHAN: Myles just so light on his feet. Really good pace. That is a very agile big man. Did you see that? Seventh pallet is complete. Myles a few minutes behind Linda. Just behind Danny's time as he starts to wrap. But he's having a hard time squeezing between those pallets. - LEE: Good job. Good job. - KEOGHAN: Myles realizes he needs space, and look at that. He's working ahead. - You see that? - MYLES: I just want to make sure that the items aren't shifting while I'm transporting them. I want to make sure to wrap up all the pallets really well, because when I get on the forklift, I want to be able to use it to the best of its ability and not be scared. KEOGHAN: Seems like Myles has a solid strategy... Wrapping these pallets like a pro. Nice job, Myles. You've got everything wrapped. He's the slowest to finish the packing and wrapping. He'll need to make up some time on the forklift. LEE: He-he moving faster than Linda. He might make up some time. KEOGHAN: Wheels are off the ground. Breaking his merchandise. Oh! And again. MYLES: My first go is a little sketchy... Trying to really figure out the controls, but I feel as though I'm going pretty fast with this forklift. KEOGHAN: Watch out, guys. Keep your eyes up. That thing is... - (Lee laughs) - Look. He's on a... - Did you see that? Hang on here. - (Lee laughing) MICHELLE: Myles is driving that forklift like it belongs to his least favorite uncle, but he's definitely fast. CALLIE: Nice job, Myles. LEE: Looking good, baby! You're looking good! KEOGHAN: Some erratic driving from Myles on the forklift, but he's getting the job done. He's made up time. One more pallet, Myles. - The clock is ticking. - One more pallet, baby. - One more pallet. - Whew! Nice job. KEOGHAN: That's it. All you got to do is park it and get those forks down. -(whooping, applause) -LEE: Okay. Good job, Myles. Good job. MYLES: I got tons of dreams, but this whole competition has shown me that it's bigger than just my dreams. You know, I want to... I want to make sure my family and friends can-can reach for their dreams, too. Get the job done as fast as you can. On the work whistle. Are you ready to go? Yes, sir. (work whistle blows) Come on, Murph! Oh. Hello. - Okay. - (excited chatter) YOUNG: Murph staggers all the pallets. He's definitely working smarter, not harder. When he starts wrapping, he has plenty of space to wrap. (indistinct shouting) MURPH: My strategy is to load one pallet at a time, starting from the left to the right. I'm very detail-oriented. My whole Marine Corps career, I had to be detail-oriented, with working on aircraft, and then later, in charge of personnel. MICHELLE: That's it. Get one of them done fast. KEOGHAN: Murph just over halfway through packing his pallets, but he's taken twice as long as Danny and Linda. TARA: Just keep going. Just keep going. Can I get a check, please? Everything is good to go. All seven pallets are correct. Come on, Murph. You got this. KEOGHAN: Murph still way behind everybody else at this point. Got to hope that having separated his pallets, he'll be able to make up some time on the wrapping. Murph seven minutes behind everyone getting onto the forklift alone. Time to put pedal to the metal, Murph. Come on, Murph! Let's go! Here he goes. 30 years ago, Murph was on a forklift. Let's see how he drives now. MURPH: On bigger Air Force planes, they have big pallets that they load into the aircraft. And we would put our gear on these pallets. KEOGHAN: Okay. He's definitely not deep enough. MURPH: And I did some forklift training, but I wasn't very good. KEOGHAN: Disastrous start. He's lost control of his first pallet. Murph, this is for the final three! Here we go. No more second chances, Murph! The slowest getting the job done up to this point. He can't afford any more costly mistakes. Yeah, big dog. KEOGHAN: He's getting the easy stuff done first. Bottom layer first. CALLIE: Nice job. Let's go, Murph! Let's go! KEOGHAN: There's only three to go. It's gonna be tight. Barely got B-2 on it. It's right on the tip of that fork. - Steady, steady. - Careful. (Callie gasps) - TARA: Turn and burn. - KEOGHAN: Murph finally has his act together, making up for lost time. But is it enough? Will he make the cut? Relying on his life skills from 30 years ago. Just look at the concentration on his face. Everything you've fought for right here and now. MICHELLE: There you go! - Go! - TARA: Park it! Park it! LEE: Come on, Murph! Park that truck! - Come on, Murph! - LINNETT: He's got it. - Come on, let's go! - Move over to the parking spot. Get the forks down, and the clock stops. And stop the clock! - (whoops) - Oh, my goodness. MURPH: I'm not feeling really good about my time, because I know who I'm going up against. So right now, I'm just hoping that I at least finish third. - LEE: Final four! - MELISSA: Good job, guys! Good job. Fantastic job. You guys brought it today. Completely different styles. And you know that there's $200,000 on the line. One of you will be cut from the competition and punch out today. Times were tight. First person moving on, with a time of 32 minutes is... Myles, you were the fastest today. You are through to the final three. - (Lee whoops) - MELISSA: Good job, Myles! LEE: Good job, Myles. Good job, baby. Thank you all. Thank you. Second fastest time... Only a minute, 14 seconds behind Myles... - Danny. - (whooping) DANNY: I was really beating myself up that I made simple mistakes that I shouldn't have. And as soon as Phil lets me know that I'm in the final three, the pressure of those mistakes... It just... it lifts, and I am just ecstatic. I-I can't believe it. There is only one spot left. We have our smallest competitor and our biggest competitor standing side by side. What have you learned about each other along this journey? She has the heart of a lion and the work ethic of some of the best I've ever worked with. -Linda? -He's a man of great integrity and character, and if a little bit of you could rub off on me right now, that'd be awesome. KEOGHAN: I can tell you this. The difference between your times came down to seconds. That's how close it was. The last person in the final three is... There's $200,000 on the line. And one of you will punch out today. The other will stay in contention for the overall Tough As Nails title. Linda, you were twice as fast as Murph packing and wrapping the pallets. While Murph, you were much faster driving the forklift. It came down to seconds. The last spot in the final three goes to... Murph, you're going through to the final three. I truly believe that I'm bowing out right now because these three guys have a bigger message that they can share to the world and change lives. I gave it my best, and this was the greatest experience of my life. Amazing. I know I was picked because I'm tough, but so many tough people want to do things alone. And if you just turn to someone on the side of you and say, "This is what I'm going through, help me get through it," that's all it takes. It's a collective toughness that makes all of us as strong as we are. We're America, because we're united, and we're tough because we're united. And I thank you all for changing my life. You're part of our family. We love you. -Girl power. You're a badass woman. -Thank you. There's a bigger, better Linda coming home, and whether Tom likes it or not, I'm finally gonna dance freely with him. - Yeah. - Yeah! Yeah, girl. KEOGHAN: Well, Linda, unfortunately, your time on Tough As Nails has come to an end in the individual competition. I do need to ask you to punch out. LINDA: There are gonna be times in your life where you get it right or you get it wrong, but I have zero regrets about anything in this entire journey. I truly hope anyone who has followed me in this experience can wake up tomorrow morning and just attack life. Good job, girl. CALLIE: Linda... seeing her be up there with those three men... The strongest, fastest, toughest guys... I tip my hat to her and her hard work. Our final three... Danny, Murph, Myles... One of you will be crowned the Tough As Nails champion. One of you will win $200,000, and one of you will get the 2020 Ford Super Duty truck. (whooping, applause) All right, I'll see you at the end. - Thanks, Phil. - Thanks, Phil. TARA: So my weather report was right today. What was your weather report? I forget. - Would you mind repeating that? - You forgot... Yeah, could you mind repeating that? ...because you were overtalking. People don't have no respect for senior citizens. - (laughter) - Help me out, Michelle. Oh, something is wrong with dude. LEE: You know, on a serious note, I am proud of all y'all because y'all don't sit around and wait for something to come to y'all. Y'all go get it. I admire that. - Linda, you did an awesome job. - Thank you. - Yeah, you did. - You're kicking ass. I'm gonna take it back. - (laughing) - I'm just kidding. MYLES: It is a little weird having you drive us, Murph man. We're used to Linda. Linda's been such a tough competitor. She's been in the top of the pack, like, - almost every time. - Every single time. She beat me in the coal challenge. She beat me in the - foundation challenge. - Yeah, breaking 'em. Yeah. -Beat us all. -Yeah. -Yeah. Well, great job today, guys. - Golly. - That was actually the one I enjoyed the most, to be honest with you. - I didn't. - Really? That's one I enjoyed least. (laughs) I will never use Saran Wrap the rest of my life. I'm switching to aluminum foil - from now on. - Agreed. Agreed. Yeah, I don't think I'm ever gonna get a forklift certification... - Oh, I probably could. - ...with that performance. (laughing) - DANNY: Yep. One more day. - I know. - Hard to believe. - One more sleep and it's over. MYLES: I know we're gonna give it our all, and may the best man win. (train whistle blows) ♪ ♪ MYLES: It's been a long journey. We've done a lot of work. It's really just gonna be a test of willpower and-and strength and just mental fortitude to make it to the end. (gasps) Look at them. I hope I'm number one in Tough As Nails and I take home this championship and $200,000 in that truck. - (applause) - MICHELLE: Tough guys coming in. MURPH: I'm anxious, nervous, overwhelmed, emotional. The title right now is the most important thing to me. I came here to prove to myself that I can still do it. DANNY: I have a one-in-three shot to winning $200,000. You know how many years it takes me to make that? And I could do it today. I'm gonna give it everything I got. I started Tough As Nails with a win. I'm gonna end it with a win. - (applause) - Yeah. - Good morning, everybody. - Good morning. Welcome back to ConGlobal, where your journey on Tough As Nails began. By the end of the day, one of you will be crowned the Tough As Nails champion. Nine of your competitors were cut from the individual competition and punched out. You are the best of the best. That's the group. Good job, guys. Good job. KEOGHAN: Murph, Danny, you have three individual wins, including one win that you guys did together during the irrigation. - Myles, you've got two individual wins. - Yes, sir. And you were up against a formidable competitor in Linda. And she said something to the three of you when she punched out. There's a message that she believes that you need to share with America, and I'm interested to know. Myles, what do you think your message is? Just to be yourself and stay true to yourself. I haven't believed in myself my whole life. But going through this competition, I've definitely formed some more confidence and I believe in myself a lot more. KEOGHAN: Danny, what about you? What do you think the message is that you have to share? You shouldn't judge a book by its cover. 'Cause, as you see, I'm standing against two giants. (laughter) I'm small in stature, but... I got a lot of toughness and I'm gonna keep going. KEOGHAN: Yeah. You definitely have proved that you cannot judge a book by its cover. -Murph? -Veterans can still serve their country, whether that's through the trades, uh, first responders. That's the message I'm gonna try to send. That's cool, man. KEOGHAN: All right. Not only will the winner today get the $200,000 prize, but you will also be getting your very own 2020 Ford Super Duty truck. (applause) "Built Ford Tough." - Danny, can you see it from where you are? - I can barely see it. The tires are missing, but I can see the top. (laughter) That does have tires, Danny. I know you can't see 'em, -but it does have 'em. -There they are. -(laughter) KEOGHAN: All that stands between you and winning are a few obstacles. When the work whistle blows, pick up a sledgehammer, make your way through the wall that you see in front of you. Once you get to the other side, you will be faced with some challenges similar in nature to some of the things that you have done on Tough As Nails. Oh, wow. KEOGHAN: First, you need these ten hay bales to create the stairs to get up and over the first container. In the next area, free your ladder from the 50-foot chain that's tangled around it and use the ladder to go up and over the next container. Once you're in the final area, grab a spike and hammer it into each one of the three logs. Then secure the chain ladder to the spikes. But that's not all. You'll then need to saw three pieces of lumber in half and carry the pieces up the chain ladder to build your final steps to that beautiful Ford Super Duty truck. The first person to get to the top will get the money, get the truck. Most of all, you get the pride of saying that you are the Tough As Nails champion. (applause) - Ready to get it on? - Let's do it. Now, I know you're all motivated by your families. They're always in the back of my head, and I can always see my little boy's smiling face whenever I'm doing anything, so... - Aw. - KEOGHAN: Well, I've got a big surprise. They are here right now. -Daddy! -LEE: Aw...! -(applause) No. Look at him! Look at the little boy! (laughs) (whoops) ♪ ♪ Hey. (chuckles) My dad and my wife walk around the corner, and I have no words. Those two support me through everything I do. I'm just gonna put that fuel in my tank... You can do it. Nothing can stop you. ...and I'm gonna power through and I'm gonna win. - No, don't stop. - (laughing) LEE: Don't hug her to death, Danny boy! (laughs) - Hey. I love you. - (laughing) I missed you. My heart's just exploding with love and-and joy. - Uh-huh. - Mwah. LEE: Myles, you got a beautiful family, man. Beautiful. Beautiful. I'm just really grateful that they're able to share this experience with me. (laughs) MURPH: It's so much emotion, because.... my youngest daughter has joined the Navy. - (sniffles) - And, you know, this journey took me away from home. It's been hard. - It's been very hard. (sniffles) - Has it? Yeah? So, to see her today is, like... (crying) (sniffling) The pressure's on even more now. So I'm gonna definitely do my best today. When you get back, the water pipe's broken. (laughter) KEOGHAN: Well, today, you guys will get to witness the best of the best going head-to-head. Murph, Myles, Danny, take your places. - Right hand on the wall. - (whooping) MACHELLE: I'm not really surprised that he's made it to this point. I don't know that he's ever done - anything halfway. - (chuckles softly) Knock 'em dead. SHELBY: I think my dad's gonna kick some booty. (chuckles) - Love you. - Love you, too. KELLY: Absolutely. I think Danny's gonna win this. ALLEN: He came into this with a mindset of... "There's no other option, Dad. - I'm-I'm coming home a winner." - Mm. I need to get my face on right so I can do my thing out here. ARIEL: Once Myles says he's gonna do something, he does it. He is just gonna kill it. He's gonna crush it. Myles is for sure tough as nails. CALLIE: Come on, guys. KEOGHAN: All right, after 20 jobs, only one of you will be crowned Tough As Nails champion. On the work whistle. ALLEN: This is it! ♪ ♪ (work whistle blows) (cheering) LEE: Hit that wall, baby! KEOGHAN: We got some heavy hitting going on here. Danny creating a line of holes to break through. All about technique. - Yes! Go ahead! Go ahead, baby! - (cheering) KEOGHAN: While Murph and Myles deciding to just use sheer power and smash their way through the wall. - Go! Go! - Go! KEOGHAN: Whoa! Danny throwing his shoulder into it! - Oh! Hey! - CALLIE: Danny! KEOGHAN: Danny's the first one through in this final race to be crowned Tough As Nails champion! ARIEL: Come on, baby! All the way! KEOGHAN: Now they got to get the hay bales through. And at 50 pounds a bale, that's a quarter of a ton of hay that needs to be moved. First hay bale through for Danny. (cheering) ARIEL: Come on, sweetheart! You got this! KEOGHAN: Second bale for Danny. - First hay bale through for Myles. - ALLEN: Pace yourself! Nice and steady, Danny! KEOGHAN: First hay bale through for Murph. But he's behind Danny, who's got three. This is a brutal test of strength, endurance, agility, mental toughness, and life skills. Myles not wanting to block the opening in his wall, so he's stacking the hay bales as he goes. Smart move. (all shouting) KEOGHAN: And it looks like Danny might be using the same technique. LINNETT: Come on! (cheering) -Double up, Murph! That's right! -Yeah! -MICHELLE: You got it, Murph! -KEOGHAN: Murph pulling two through - at one time. - ALLEN: Come on, Danny! Come on! That's gonna save him some time. ALLEN: Breathe, Danny, breathe! KEOGHAN: Now Myles is trying two at a time. ARIEL: That's what I'm talking about, baby. KEOGHAN: Danny coming up with his fifth. - Murph stacking his fourth. - ARIEL: Come on, baby! Come on, come on! KEOGHAN: Each competitor needs ten bales to make the steps necessary to climb over the container. That truck is, like, a mile away right now for all of them. Keep pushing! Come on, Murph! KEOGHAN: Danny pulling through his last bale. Danny, let's move! KEOGHAN: Murph, two at a time but still two behind Danny. - ALLEN: Yeah, you got it! - Come on! KEOGHAN: Danny's got eight bales in place. - Two more to set up the stairs. - ARIEL: Come on! Come on, Myles! You got it, Myles! ALLEN: Come on, Danny! KEOGHAN: Danny getting his last two in place. Then he can go up and over. ALLEN: Go, Danny! KEOGHAN: Murph still two bales left to stack. Myles has four. - ♪ ♪ - (cheering) - KELLY: Doing good, babe! - (whistling) ALLEN: Come on, Danny! You got it! LINNETT: Drag it through, Murph! - Breathe! - KEOGHAN: Danny already moving over. He's got to get this ladder unchained. Meanwhile, can Murph and Myles catch up? (all shouting) - You got it! - LINNETT: Come on! KEOGHAN: Danny working his way on the chains. He's got a good lead. 45 seconds at this point. LEE: Over, baby! Go on over, baby! (cheering) KEOGHAN: Now Myles is up. LEE: Come on! Murph's behind you, baby! Come on! KEOGHAN: Murph the last to go over the first container. - LEE: Get off that chain! - KEOGHAN: Danny gets the first of his chain links undone. Go, Danny, go! KEOGHAN: This ladder is held down with 50 feet of chain tied in knots and held together with four chain links. ALLEN: Keep it going, Danny! Keep it going! KEOGHAN: This is all about physical dexterity and figuring out how to untangle the maze of twisted chain. Not so easy when the muscles in your arms are completely spent. Just look at the sweat pouring off Murph. MICHELLE: Come on, Murphy! KEOGHAN: Once they get the ladder free, they can get it up against the container, get up and over and get to the final challenge. ARIEL: Come on, baby! They're sucking in all the oxygen they can. - MICHELLE: You got this! - Good pace, Danny! KEOGHAN: It looks like Murph has got his first chain link undone. MACHELLE: Come on, Murph! - We're burning daylight, buddy! - Come on, baby! KEOGHAN: Danny working his way through very quickly. Myles has been struggling with his first chain link, but he gets it in the end. He's doing good, isn't he? Wondering if Myles deliberately turned his back to his competitors so he doesn't see them. - He can just focus. - LEE: Right. That's how he do. He focus. He-he get it all in the zone, you know? - You're almost there! - Danny crushing it. It looks like he's taken off the third chain link. Oh, look at him with the chain. He's got a technique. - He's getting right on top of it. - You're almost there! - Danny doing a great job down at the end. - Go! (muffled shouting) KEOGHAN: That sweat coming off Murph right now. Hands are raw from 20 jobs. Myles has got his chain even more tangled. He still has three chain links to undo. Work it, guys. Work it. Work it. Everything you got. Everything you got. Come on, Myles! Your boy's watching you! - Come on! You're there! - Come on! Come on, Danny. You're at the end there. You're at the end. KEOGHAN: His ladder's just about undone. Come on, Danny! Pull the chain! You know why you're all here. Pride and being tough as nails. - Yeah! Yeah! - (others shouting) - Don't stop! - There you go! There goes Danny! - Yeah! - LINNETT: Come on! Come on, get up there fast! -Come on, you got this! You got this! -Go! CALLIE: Come on, Danny! ♪ ♪ (overlapping shouting) - KEOGHAN: Danny's so close to the $200,000. - You got it. KEOGHAN: All he has to do is hammer in those stakes, attach the chain ladder, saw three pieces of wood in half and build those steps to victory. Meanwhile, Murph and Myles still fighting the chains that are holding down their ladders. - Boom! You got to get it down to the blue line. - Do it! Yeah! - Yeah! - You got it! ALLEN: Go! Go, Danny! Come on! Concentrate! Let's go, Murph! Huge power coming from Danny. - Don't stop! - ALLEN: Yeah! Getting it down. He's almost got his first spike down. - MELISSA: Breathe! - ALLEN: One more! - One more! - MELISSA: Breathe! - ALLEN: Yeah! - LINDA: That's it! -Breathe, Danny! -ALLEN: Breathe, Danny! Just breathe! KEOGHAN: Myles and Murph have got some work - if they want to catch up. - Yeah! - Come on, Danny! - Yeah, let the sledgehammer work for you. Pick it up! See if you got enough slack, Murph! Come on! Almost there! LINNETT: (whoops) Pick it up! Huge hit, and he's down. Oh, he's sucking in the air. (whoops) Pick it up! KEOGHAN: He mishits. He is exhausted. CALLIE: Come on, Danny! Come on, Danny! And as Murph comes over the top, this is where mental toughness is really going to be the key to winning. Come on, Murph! KEOGHAN: Look at the pain that Danny is in. TARA: Yeah! Come on, Murph! Can he catch up? - Come on, Murph! - Got to get those spikes in. - LINNETT: Come on, Murph! - ALLEN: Deep breaths! You got to feel sorry for that spike. - There he goes. - Yeah! KEOGHAN: Danny's got all three spikes hammered in. This, a solid lead for Danny. - Okay, babe, you got this! - LUIS: Let's go, Murph! KEOGHAN: In their head-to-head matchups, Danny's won four to Murph's two. But right now, this is when it really counts. MICHELLE: Where's it tied, Myles? Look for it. Look for it. KEOGHAN: Unless Myles can figure out how to undo his four chain links and get that chain untied, he's gonna be stuck there for a while. Here comes Murph. And he gets the first one as Danny starts to saw the first of his three planks of wood. (overlapping shouting) ALLEN: Real light, real light! Real light! There you go. Yeah! KEOGHAN: Myles yet to make it over the wall. Huge hits coming from Murph. Meanwhile, Danny is into the sawing. Barely got anything left in those arms. One more hit from Murph, and he's onto the third one. It's gonna come down to how well they can saw. - Breathe! - Breathe, big dog! KEOGHAN: He's tired. His heart rate through the roof, as well. - ALLEN: Don't stop! - KEOGHAN: Hands are raw. (muffled shouting) KEOGHAN: Meanwhile, Danny's sawing. He's almost halfway through his first piece of wood. (overlapping shouting) And Myles still struggling badly with his chain. - It's okay, baby. We right here. - MYLES: I love y'all, man. -I love you, too, babe. We right here. -Myles, hang in there. There you go! You got it! Come on! Oh! It is all on the line. Danny, meanwhile, has shifted hands. He's exhausted. Murph, one more section of chain to hook up. Come on, Murph! You got this! Mental toughness the deciding factor now. Focus, Danny! Breathe! - KEOGHAN: He's got some power. - LUIS: There you go, Murph! - KEOGHAN: He's got power. - LUIS: There you go, Murph! MYLES: Chain got me, man. ARIEL: No, it doesn't. It does not have you. You got it, okay? Don't worry about what's going on over there. (cheering) -Come on, Danny! You're almost there! -You're right there! ALLEN: Do it! Yeah! KEOGHAN: Danny gets through his first cut. He's got his first two steps. But don't count out Murph. He's sawing - like a machine. - LINNETT: That's right. KEOGHAN: Danny's got to get these steps up and get them in place. But he loses one! Can Murph take advantage and catch up as one step goes down and Danny goes down with it? Danny's dropped his first step, and he's slipping on the chain ladder. Can Murph get through this cut quick enough to catch him and claim the Tough As Nails title? MURPH: Danny is ahead of me, but I'm trying not to panic. Right now, I just have to put my head down and try to catch up if I can. LUIS: Let's go, big Murph! Here you go! Murph's just cut through his first plank. - He's catching up to Danny. - MACHELLE: You got it, babe! (Danny grunts) There you go! Yeah! Murph about to deliver his first step as Danny picks up his second. LUIS: Let's go, big Murph! Murph cut way faster there than Danny did on that one. Murph and Danny battling it out for the top spot - job after job for weeks now. - MACHELLE: Yeah! - Murph, 14 years older. - Good job. Good job, Murph. - Good job, man. - KEOGHAN: Can he catch up to the younger Danny, who's starting to cut the second of his three pieces of wood in half? ♪ ♪ Murph comes back to pick up his second step. His cut was faster than Danny. He can get through this faster. Don't stop, Murph! KEOGHAN: Danny switching hands again. KELLY: Keep going, honey! Keep going! KEOGHAN: As Murph gets his second step up and over, Myles is exhausted, stuck on that chain. Danny is just starting, and we know that Murph is cutting a lot faster than Danny. This is just... just so challenging, moving through. Every stroke, you're one cut closer towards the $200,000 prize and that truck. It's waiting up there for you, guys. ♪ ♪ DANNY: I'm feeling tired, ran-down. This is definitely the time where you got to dig deep, you got to scrape the bottom of the fuel tank, and you just got to keep pushing forward because, uh, this is it. ALLEN: Just let the saw work for you! Danny is not cutting as effectively. Meanwhile, yes! Myles has his ladder in position. Murph is using his left arm now to give his right arm a break. - Don't stop! - Go! All right, Myles! - (cheering) - Come on! MYLES: It's not over till it's over, so I just got to keep on pushing forward. And I know my son's watching, so I don't want to quit. Let the hammer do the work, Myles! KEOGHAN: This man is never gonna give up. So proud of you, Myles. Murph has got a tremendous amount of power going through the saw. ALLEN: You're falling behind, Danny! You're falling behind! What is going on? KEOGHAN: Danny, you're not cutting quite as efficiently. And look at that! Murph is through the second cut faster than Danny. He's moving over. He's taken the lead. I don't know why! Get it over! KEOGHAN: For the first time, Murph has taken the lead, just like the forklift challenge. - He was way behind, but he never gave up. - ALLEN: Come on! This is how you rally when it really counts. MURPH: At this point, I'm, like, physically spent. But the mentality that you're taught in the military is that you never quit. - Yeah! - KEOGHAN: Look at that! One hand lifts up the step. MURPH: From day one, Danny has been my biggest competition, so it's win or go home right now. Come on, Murph! KEOGHAN: But Myles has not given up. - DANNY: Why won't it cut? - ALLEN: Let the saw do the work! Don't stop! You got this, okay? - You hear me? - (Myles grunts) KEOGHAN: All three just absolutely exhausted. ALLEN: Come on, Danny! KEOGHAN: The only thing keeping them going right now is their will to never give up. Danny flipping his plank to see if that will make a difference, but he's in a world of pain. (overlapping shouting) Come on, come on, come on! - Put your whole body into it! - KEOGHAN: Murph now. He has one more cut to make. - Danny, let's go! - Come on! KEOGHAN: Danny really struggling. So tired, his technique is falling apart. Danny, you got this. Come on, don't you give up. - Don't stop! Don't stop! - Come on. Make it work for you. - Don't stop! - LUIS: There you go, nice and steady! KEOGHAN: Murph getting now into his third cut. SHELBY: Come on, Dad! You got this! ALLEN: Come on, Danny! Come on! It's not doing it. - Come on, Danny! - KELLY: Danny! LINNETT: We know you tired. KEOGHAN: While Myles is drawing on every ounce of willpower. There is no quit in this man. - Murph is slow and steady. - Come on, Danny. Go! - Danny gets his second plank cut. - ALLEN: There you go, yeah! KELLY: Danny, this is it! KEOGHAN: Can he catch up? Got one more cut to make after this. Go, Danny, go! Come on, Danny! Come on, Danny! Go! - Murph switching hands again. - Come on, Murph! Danny, you're killing it! Let's go! Let's go! ALLEN: One more, Danny. One more. Come on, Danny! - You do this, okay? - ALLEN: Come on, Danny! Danny, let's go. Let's pick up the pace. Murph doing this for his family. He's doing this for Savage Crew. You got it! Come on! KEOGHAN: And he's finished his third cut. And he gets the cut done! Nice going, Murph! KEOGHAN: There he goes. Unbelievable. Don't give up! (overlapping shouting) - Come on, Danny, don't give up! - Murph making a lot of noise. He's got one more step to get up - on top of the container. - Okay, there you go. -It's a long way to go. It ain't over. -Yeah, it's not over. - It ain't over. - Keep moving it! Keep moving it! Danny, don't stop! ALLEN: Let the saw do the work, Danny. Let the saw do the work. KEOGHAN: Murph gets his final step on top of the container. Now he's got to unscrew the bolts, slide the steps in place, make sure they're secure, then he can run to the top of the stairs to claim victory. This is where we see what you're made of. What have you got in you, Danny? - ALLEN: You can catch him! - KELLY: Keep moving! - ALLEN: Go, Danny, go! - TARA: You and that hammer. KEOGHAN: Myles showing us the meaning of grit and determination. Keep that up, Myles. Keep it up. You can rest when it's over. KEOGHAN: Murph with the first bolt out. But Danny has hit his stride again. Just drop the bolt in, Murph. You don't need to put the wing nut back on. Come on, that's it, Danny. You got it! I was gripping the saw on top, so I was pushing down too much. So I grasped the bottom of the handle and then it would just do the work for me. And at home, at my job, I put my head down and I do what it takes to get the job done. There's no quit. There's a lot of work to be done. You can still catch up. You're no quitter. We know that. It is not over, baby. KEOGHAN: Myles just absolutely exhausted. Every stroke with that saw is getting you closer to that prize. It's waiting for you up there. You can catch up. Let's get that cut done. - Go! - KEOGHAN: Nice. Danny finishes his last cut. Catch-up time. Catch-up time. - Focus! - MURPH: Danny is working his ass off to try to catch up, so I'm feverishly working to get these nuts and bolts off. And one mistake can cost me this whole thing. ALLEN: Yeah! Come on, get the other one! Come on, Myles! Yeah, you got it. Come on, baby. KEOGHAN: Myles. This man has heart. ALLEN: There you go! KEOGHAN: Danny took the lead, Murph went past him, and now Danny's catching up. They're starting to work on the stairs. MACHELLE: Come on, Murph. You got this! Do not take a break at this point. KEOGHAN: This is Tough As Nails right here. - YOUNG: Come on, Murph! - There are three nuts on each of these bolts, you got to get them off. (overlapping shouting) Power through! KEOGHAN: Myles refusing to give up. LINNETT: There you go. One more. - (cheering, applause) - There you go. Go do it, Myles! Come on, baby! KEOGHAN: He's not gonna give up. MACHELLE: That's it! Come on! KELLY: Come on, Danny. Come on, let's go! MICHELLE: Let's go! KEOGHAN: Interesting technique from Murph. He's taking out all his bolts. Ah, he's stacking up. He has a little workstation set up for himself. Here comes in the second step. Great technique from Murph. He's placing everything where it needs to go. Then he's gonna go back and put the bolts in. CALLIE: Come on, Danny. Pick it up, pick it up. ALLEN: Don't stop! MELISSA: Don't stop, Danny! ARIEL: I'm with you, baby. I'm right here. Here we go, Myles. Get cutting. ALLEN: Keep going. KEOGHAN: Working on the sixth one. Danny desperate to get his bolts undone. MACHELLE: You got it, babe! KEOGHAN: This is it for Murph. He's getting the bolts in. He's going around. He's going around the outside. As he makes his way up to the top. (cheering, applause) And he gets the win! ♪ ♪ Respect to you, Danny. And to you, Myles. ARIEL: I am so proud of you. You killed it, baby. Yes, you did. KEOGHAN: After going up against the toughest of the tough, from all over America, you stand there right now as our Tough As Nails champion. Congratulations. (cheering, applause) LINNETT: Yeah, Murph! KEOGHAN: Lee, you're never short of a word. LEE: Hey, he's the man of the hour. I got great respect. He on the top of the mountain, man. He's the king! Raise them arms, my brother. Let's see it one more time, baby. (cheering, applause) After all those jobs, Murph. - MACHELLE: That's amazing. - Yeah. It is amazing. KEOGHAN: Savage Crew missed out on that $60,000 for the team win, - but you brought it home today. - That's right. Are you Savage? SAVAGE CREW: Are you Savage? (laughter, cheering) KEOGHAN: And look at your competitor here. He knows you've made it to the top but he still wants to get the job done. - ALLEN: Come on, Danny. - MURPH: Danny's never quit, and he never will. (applause) Good job, you guys! KEOGHAN: And Myles battling it out right to the bitter end. You hold your head high, Myles. - Congratulations, Murph. - (applause) How about our final three, everybody? (cheering, applause) I wanted to prove to myself that even eight years after retirement, that I could still bring it. I'm tough as nails because of these, these other competitors. The culmination of all 20 challenges, working together as a team. So I would just want to thank you guys for the experience, the camaraderie, the laughter, the tears. I mean, we're lifelong friends. And then I want to thank my family. The time I've been away has felt like a deployment when it comes to the emotions. When you say goodbye to your family, you don't know how long you're gonna be gone. It... It hurts, and then when you come back, and you see Shelby's face, you know the deployment was worth it. (applause) When Shelby leaves for Navy boot camp, the Navy is gonna get one fine young lady. But I'm gonna miss the hell out of you. (applause) (Murph sniffles) Winning with the family here is huge. I can't think of a better ending to-to this journey. To win the title and being able to... ...just being able for them to be part of it, to watch it, means a lot. MACHELLE: You know you asked me that one time what it took - to impress me? - Yeah. - I'm impressed. - Finally. (laughter) - KELLY: I love you. - DANNY: Love you, too. DANNY: I wanted the win. That's all I came here for. But I hope people see me and they realize no matter how big, how small, that you can do it. I may be five-six, but I have the heart of the biggest people out there. Notice how none of these guys knew how to break Sheetrock? -Yeah... -"Well, let's just keep going with the hammer." No, hammer... No, pull it off. Back to work. Got work to do on Monday. I'm really proud of you, Myles. MYLES: It's been a long journey. And I'm so grateful. You know, it's showed me things about myself, about other people, about the world around me. It's just been such an eye-opening experience. So I wouldn't change it for the world. Go to Mommy. I know, Daddy's all wet. I'm-a keep growing and learning and this is just the beginning. ARIEL: Go ahead. Go back to your friend. (laughter) MYLES: I can't even lift my arms up. (laughter) LINNETT: Are you Savage, Murph? - MURPH: I'm Savage. - Are you Savage? - I'm Savage. - Are you Savage? -Are you Savage? On three, Murph. -I am Savage! - One, two, three. - ALL: Savage! MURPH: I exceeded my expectations. I came here and I did everything that I hoped to do and way more. I can say, without hesitation, I am tough as nails. KEOGHAN: Well, the truck's yours, so you can drive home, - off into the sunset. - Thank you. Thank you very much. Thanks for letting your husband - come on out. - (cheering, applause) - Good luck to you, Shelby. - Thank you. (whooping, cheering) (engine starts) - (engine roars) - Wow! - Congratulations, Murph! - (horn honking) KEOGHAN: After heading home from Tough As Nails, - Daddy! - ...Drywall Danny went back to work on Monday, still riding high from making the final three. (singing) Myles proposed to his girlfriend... - Yes. - ...and plans to buy land to start a tree farm for his son. MYLES: Show me what you got. KEOGHAN: Linda has started a new career - in the roofing industry. - I've been reawakened. I'm the happiest I've been in eight years. KEOGHAN: Luis launched his own transportation business to create more jobs in his community. And he taught his daughter to ride a bike. Lee is still the go-to guy in his neighborhood, sharing his pearls of wisdom with friends and family. Tara donated a large portion of her earnings to help sponsor new apprentices in the iron workers' union Local #86. Linnett started her own welding business in an effort to build a better future for her kids. Melissa and her husband are expecting their first child in the fall. Callie ventured into the mountains on a camping trip before heading back to sea. Michelle continues to look after her husband and keeps fit with her home gym. Young is working with Asian-American tradespeople to showcase their skills to kids. He's also teaching his parents to shoot hoops. Murph's daughter Shelby shipped for Navy boot camp and will graduate in the fall. OpenSubtitles recommends using Nord VPN from 3.49 USD/month ----> osdb.link/vpn 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 