Solar Opposites: Season 1, Episode 7 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Solar Opposites 
 s1e7 - Terry and Korvo Steal a Bear - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Solar Opposites (2020–…): Season 1, Episode 7 - Terry and Korvo Steal a Bear - full transcript 
 Whoops. Terry, Korvo, Yumyulack and Jesse work together to steal a bear from the zoo - with hilarious consequences. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 All right, Molly, I'm up, I'm up. You can't let me sleep in one day? Oh, you're right. Got a lot of work to do. You ready to go to market? People of the Wall, this is The Duke. Still here and still in charge. Quick Wall update. Things are fucking great. And anything that's not great is the fault of the Wall‐haters from the lower levels. Those people are terrorists. Stay away from them. Keep kicking ass out there. Play your part, and trust the process. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Mmm, now that's good mouse milk. - Hey, Steven, can I have some Molly milk? - Of course. Sorry, I've got nothing to trade for it. I tell you what, come by the barn tomorrow, help me with some chores, and we'll call it even. Well, hey there, you got yourself a deal! Mmm, so creamy. Well, I should go. Can't be late to run the wheel. Yeah, he is a good kid. Mouse milk, come and get your mouse milk. The only thing sweeter is the mouse who made it. The freshest milk in all the levels. Even the upper mids haven't tasted anything like this. Sorry, folks, we've tapped her dry. See you all tomorrow. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Screw you, Sheriff. You fucking dickhead. Ah! Oh, it's getting harder and harder to avoid trouble these days. Ah, don't listen to me. You know how I get. Always going to a dark place. We have each other, and that's all we need. You know, I think today was my birthday. The big 4‐5. It's funny to think that I used to be the CEO of AT&T.; Back then, I thought money was everything. Then one day, I farted in an elevator and blamed it on that alien boy. I was furious when he shrunk me down and put me in his pencil case. And now I know that it was the best thing that ever happened to me. *SOLAR OPPOSITES* Season 01 Episode 07 Title: " Terry and Korvo Steal a Bear" Aired on: May 08, 2020 Eat shit, you uncivilized brutes. So how'd you end up in here? I was a courier for the Resistance, until my piece of shit neighbor ratted me out. Never trust someone who was a life coach in the Before‐Fore. You? I thought I was helping people. But all I did was get them killed. Good people. Wait. Are you Tim? Well, my first name is actually Lindsey, but I don't tell people that because that sounds like a girl's name. - The Tim who started the Resistance? - What are you talking about? That riot in the marketplace was a call to arms for all of us fed up with being under The Duke's thumb. - It was? - Oui, there are people out there who want to hear from you. They're waiting for you. - Oh, I don't know what I would say. - I think you do. I can smuggle out whatever you write to the Resistance. Just tell your truth. I don't know who this is for. I guess it's for anyone who feels powerless but clings to hope for a better tomorrow. I let pride cloud my judgment and it almost got so many people killed. It made me realize we all spend too much time fighting each other. The aliens may have created the Wall, but it was The Duke who made it a prison. I can forgive Yumyulack for robbing me of my past, but not The Duke, who's stealing our future. So I'm letting go of the world outside the Wall, and choosing to embrace the world in it. A world we can make better. A world we will make better. A world we have to make better. Help, help! My friend, he's sick! Hey, you! - Drop it or I'll kill him. - Don't do it, Tim. Save yourself. You should have listened to your friend. You're, you're alive. And if we wanna stay that way, we gotta go, now. - There's a level below the prisons? - Our new headquarters. It's a set replica of Seinfeld. I think Yumyulack bought it online. Our working theory is that he gets an allowance. Wow, it's actually kind of cool. I mean, obviously the finale was no good, but the rest of the series was amazing. A little off‐scale, but it works. We think he abandoned the whole sitcom set thing and built the rest of the Wall above it. Once we found a way in, we started bringing people down here. People who needed help. People The Duke was after. The more he tightened his grip, the more of us slipped through his fingers. Now we've got fighters on every level working to bring that son of a bitch down. Wow, you've been busy. Captain, we intercepted the food delivery schedule. It's like you thought. The upper mids are getting more rations than the lower mids. Make sure that info leaks to the public. Have the boys in the boiler room turn up the heat and tell the wheelers to go half speed today. It's time to put the squeeze on. People of the Wall, this is The Duke. Still here and still in charge. Quick update. Things are not cool, guys. First off, terrorists have been drawing dicks on my banners. Not even cool‐looking dicks. I'm talking about bent dicks. One was definitely at an angle. And you all know me. I love a good joke. I'm the first one to laugh at myself. But it speaks to a fundamental disrespect for the rules. So because of work lost to these and other terrorist activities, the lower levels are on double shifts until further notice. To address the ongoing cloth shortage, I hereby order that everyone donate their underwear. Gross, I know, but necessary. Ugh, you guys, you got to start bringing me better news. I'm bumming people out. Well, I could have mentioned that there's a food shortage, or that the power's on the fritz in the lower mids or‐‐ Then let's start making shit up. Write up 10 headlines and I'll pick my favorites. What else? Enrique, you look like you want to say something. I don't mean to bother you, sir, Mr. The Duke, but you made me governor of the upper mids to convey the people's concerns. No, I made you governor to reward your loyalty. And I kind of thought you'd leave me alone after that, to be honest. I want to, sir. It's just that my constituents are complaining that the sewage vent smells of poop. Let me get this straight. The upper mid's complaint is that the vent we use to release our diffused shit vapor into the air smells like shit? Might there be a better way to dispose of our waste? Everything in the Wall is being done in the best possible way. Sir, we just got word from the prison level. Tim broke out. Did you say broke out? He's one inch tall, god damn it. He couldn't break out of a yogurt container. We ran out of yogurt containers. He cannot be free in this wall. He will bring us all down. I want him dead at any cost. Yes, sir. The man thinks he can change the world, but all he's gonna do is get people killed. What? Why are you staring at me like that? I thought you were dead. I saw The Duke throw you down the Boo‐Hoo Hole. I was lucky. The walls were jagged with pieces of Lego. They snagged me, broke my fall. It hurt the whole way down. Well, looks like we're matches. - Huh, Red Vines. - Twizzlers. Pull and peel. This is from a supply raid. No, no, no, stay. Lay with me for a while. There's some people who need to meet you. The Duke's base of support is cracking. If the mids abandon him, then we've got most of the Wall on our side. But what about the uppers? Those people will never break with The Duke. Do we just slaughter them? We can't build a utopia on the graves of our enemies. The third letter of Tim. It's my favorite passage. You showed people my letters? We had them transcribed and distributed copies throughout the levels. - What'd I miss? - Tim's here, yadda yadda yadda. We're talking about his letters. Oh, I read the letters of Tim to pass the time while running the wheel. Your words gave me the courage to join and fight against tyranny. Giddy up! I prayed to the bowed one that I'd live long enough to see a Wall with democracy, justice, and equal distribution of resources. Also, I work in the room with the poop vapor so I'm looking to shake things up a bit. I don't know what to say. Say you'll lead us. The revolution is coming. If we win, when we win, someone will have to take The Duke's place. Someone the people in the Wall will accept. I can't. You'll have to find someone else. There is no one else. Last time I led, people died. You almost died! - So now you're a coward? - All right, that's enough. Tim's been through a lot. He needs time. We can talk again after the holiday. What holiday? Aw, look at you. All dressed up for Jesse's birthday. I know, Molly. Religion's a joke to me, too, but we'll move a lot of milk. Sorry I'm late. "The Letters of Tim"? Haven't you had enough of this Resistance nonsense? This is different. It's all about making the Wall better. You could be thrown down the Boo‐Hoo Hole just for having this. Mmm, boy howdy, that's sure got a tasty kick to it. What do you call it? Mouse nog, get your mouse nog. A festive holiday treat. Get it before it curdles. We believe that today is Jesse's birthday. Let us reflect on all the bowed one's kind words and wondrous deeds. The time she gave us beef jerky. All thanks to Jesse. The day she changed Yumyulack's phone alarm to not be Maroon 5. All thanks to Jesse. Can you believe our conversations have been read throughout the Wall? It's wild. So did you and Cherie pound or what? Come on, it doesn't bug you that they want us to lead all these people to their doom? And yes, we did. It was awesome. All thanks to Jesse. Friends, we have a special guest with us today. The man who makes sure we are all touched by Jesse's gifts. The Duke. Thank you, Sister Sasha. That son of a bitch. I should take him out right now. - We have to go. - Hold on, I want to hear this. Since I came to power, crime is down 100%. Hard to do better than that. The lower levels are experiencing an unprecedented period of prosperity. I've had a lot of people coming up to me, congratulating me about that. There's more marketplace trades than ever before. Do you feel you've distributed Jesse's gifts in accordance with her philosophy of kindness? Great question, Sister. And thank you for interrupting. I'll say this. When I'm faced with a tough decision like who gets food, water, the underwear thing, the first thought I have is, "What would Jesse do?" And then I just open my heart, and whatever answer comes, that's what I do. Unfortunately, Jesse's testing us right now. It's been a while since she gave us any food or medicine or living compartments. That means all of us, the hundreds of people who have nothing in common except we pissed off an alien child, we have to come together and make it work. Now we've survived this long, and damn it, that's something. I know it's not perfect, but the system is all we've got. Dumb motherfucker! What did you do? I had them. I had them in the palm of my hand. Do you know what you've done? Please get me out of here. Come, follow me. You're gonna be okay. Just hold on. Oh, my God, there's so much blood. Don't run away from your destiny. I won't. I promise you. Just stay with me now. There's something else. You remember in the cell when we would turn our backs to jerk off? Uh, yeah, but is this important? Because you should be clinging to life right now. I would think about you when I did it. Uh, well yeah, well, that's nice, but don't sweat it. I plugged you into my fantasy. Well, you don't need to tell me all the details. Just keep breathing. It was about you and me on a water polo team. We were both captain and we showered together. Your cute little tush. No, Jean‐Pierre, no! No! Please listen to me. If you rally your flock, the mid‐levels won't fight us. We can go straight to the uppers and take the bastard out. Jesse would never condone violence. We can change this place without betraying our principals. Many within our clergy consider you a prophet sent by Jesse herself. Tell your followers that The Duke's time is over. That we're going to rid the Wall of the most Yumyulack person in it. Hm, okay, Tim. For you. - No, for the Wall. - For the Wall! The Duke forgot that he needs the people more than we need him. He wants us to work double shifts? Let's see how he feels when everything shuts down. We're all trapped in here together. It's our duty to fight for equality Hush. It's okay, I'll be back.‐ I know I normally steer clear of trouble, but this feels important. He wants to make life better for everyone. I can't stand aside while others fight for what's right. Don't you worry. I'll be back before dinner. Just drop the underwear and leave. You don't decide what happens in the Wall anymore, The Duke. The people do, and we've decided it's time for you to go. Oh, my God, did they light their underpants on fire? Sir, if they breech the gate, they'll be in the upper mids within minutes. We should wipe them out. They've left us no choice. I'm doing this for the good of the Wall. The bastard is flooding the lower levels! Everyone, let's go, let's go. Climb, climb! We got to go! Molly! Molly! That's it. Steady, girl. We're almost there. Just a little further. Come on, Molly. Push, Molly, push! We have to seal it off. Everyone will drown. No, please, not yet. Molly, what are you doing? Get in, man. No, not the mouse! Molly! Molly, no. They sealed it off. So many lives gone, just like that. The Duke would rather see us all drown than give up power. He leaves us no choice. We have to use force. Make no mistake. There will be casualties. But we're fighting for our future. We're fighting for the Wall. For the Wall! - What is this? - Come on, stay close. Charge! Ah! Don't throw your lives away. Go back now and this will all be over. - For the Wall! - For the Wall! Ah! Aaaah! Duke! Son of a bitch must have escaped. No wonder he was able to get so much contraband in here. An opening to the outside and he didn't tell anyone. He could get whatever he wanted. Yet he chose to stay inside. Well, yeah. In here, he had all the power. In the Before‐Fore, he was probably just a pediatric dentist or a feeble‐minded comedy writer. If people knew this hole existed, no one would have obeyed him. They would have stormed the palace, done anything to escape. We can leave this place. Maybe even find a way to get big again. Get back to our Before‐Fore lives. The Resistance, the Wall, none of it matters anymore. We have to tell the people. People of the Wall, we did it. We won. The Wall is ours. The Duke is dead. What? We don't know that he's dead‐‐ As a new era dawns, remember what binds us. We're stuck in here together. Some see it as our curse, but I see a gift. We can build a world that's better than the Before‐Fore. This is Tim. I'm not in charge of the Wall. I just live in it. Tim, Tim, Tim. Fucker, why? Nobody needs to know there's a way out. I mean, what are they gonna do? Run out there and get eaten by an owl? No, it's safer and better to build a new world here. I... I believed... I believed in you. And I believe in the Wall. Thank you for helping me reach my destiny. - Tim‐‐ - I can help you‐‐ - I'll suck your dick. - I'm not going to kill you. It's important to put the past behind us. My first act as leader will be to pardon all The Duke's men. I also declare today a holiday in honor of Cherie, a Resistance hero who died of combat wounds sustained while killing The Duke. None of this would be possible without her. Henceforth, this day shall be known as Cherie Day. Tim, Tim, Tim, Tim! Surf the internet with browser of future osdb.link/brave 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 