Solar Opposites: Season 1, Episode 2 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Solar Opposites 
 s1e2 - The Unstable Grey Hole - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Solar Opposites (2020–…): Season 1, Episode 2 - The Unstable Grey Hole - full transcript 
 Yikes. Korvo and Terry use alien technology to make their neighbors like them. Jesse tries to show Yumyulack that humans are basically good. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Whoa, hey. Oh, what is that thing? Oh, don't throw that out. I can sell that on eBay. It has an unstable gray hole inside. You're an unstable gray hole. - Nice. - It's too big for the trash. I'm gonna dump it behind the Burger King. Don't, no, I can sell it and then buy a chocolate fountain so I can stop making a mess in the microwave and you won't have to yell at me anymore! Look at the Pupa. I told you to stop giving the Pupa candy. He can't eat candy, it gets him sick! 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 I didn't... I don't give him candy anymore. Well, he's getting it from someone! God, one time. Oh great, now what. The homeowners association is updating the rules again. "Gardeners need to have marked trucks. "No RV parking in the driveway. All spaceships sticking out of houses need to be painted to match the trim." Are you hearing this? Ooh, we should totally get an RV. It looks fine the way it is. I don't want it to blend into the house. It's my whole thing, I'm the spaceship guy! Damn it! There's a gray hole, Terry! A gray hole in the house! If we had an RV, that probably wouldn't even be a big deal. 'Cause we could just live in an RV. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Stupid HOA, singling us out. You know, Terry, this proves that everyone in the neighborhood hates us. Oh, speak for yourself, man. I am extremely likable. I mean, why do you think everybody gives me more room when I'm walking down the street? - They're avoiding us! - They love us. I think there's only one way to find out who's right. Nanobots. Buy an RV. Nan... Nanobots. Planet Shlorp was a perfect utopia. Until the asteroid hit. One hundred adults and their replicants were issued a Pupa and escaped into, uh, the space, searching for new homes on uninhabited worlds. We crashed on Earth, stranding us on an already overpopulated planet. That's right, I've been talking this whole time. I'm the one holding the Pupa. My name's Korvo. This is... this is my show. I just dropped the Pupa. Do you see me? This is ridiculous. I hate Earth. It's a horrible home. People are stupid. I don't understand why people have so many outfit choices when you could just wear a thick, coarse robe. It's the perfect garment. Boots and a robe. Easy. *SOLAR OPPOSITES* Season 01 Episode 02 Title: "The Unstable Grey Hole" Whoa, whoa, whoa. I thought you weren't shrinking kids down anymore? These are adults. I got a couple litterbugs, a lady who had 15 items in the 12‐item lane, and a guy who pronounces schedule like "shed‐jewel." That's not wall worthy, that's you being a jerk. Relax, they love it. Ha ha ha, look at 'em. Seems like somebody needs to learn a lesson. Hey, little guy! That's the alarm! Lucky for you, I've been teaching myself to hack at night while you've been wasting your time sleeping. Alexa, turn off alarm. Alarm deactivated. Stupid Alexa. Always listening. Hold it right there! I'm armed! Lethal force! Zap him with the bone zapper. Crap, now it's out of charge! Bite down on your poison teeth! Terry? Gordon? Wait, you‐you work here? Yup, yeah, man, it's my third job. I got three jobs, one, two, three. Got the three banger jobs, you know. Oh, man, well, that's good news. You guys just here to jump in and splash around the water pools? Yeah, duh, but we also want to dump microscopic robots in the town water supply so we can find out if people like us. - Wait, what? - No, it's not what you think. Everyone will unknowingly drink water contaminated with our nanobots, which will harvest all their memories, and then they'll pee them out and they'll end up back here. I think that sounds like a lot of fun, guys. Hey, the room with the big pool of water that everyone drinks from is right over here. Come on. How do you, uh, know this guy? He sold me a gun. Be sure to break up the clumps or they might become sentient. Hey, man, are you sure this is gonna work? Well, it better, each one of these nanobot cost me 24 cents. Each Mortal Kombat movie is better than the last. I mean, they should reboot them. Honestly, can you imagine how boffo the box office would be? We forgot to check the nanobots! Oww! Yah! Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, hold it. How can you be sure you're gonna get all of those things out of there? I'm just kidding, I don't care. I work at the water treatment plant, I'm not a cop. Oh, hey, by the way, I got some heroin. You guys wanna do heroin? It worked. We have pee‐data on everyone in the neighborhood! I can finally reduce people to statistics! Blood type, what their favorite song is, what percentage gay they are... Ooh! This is how much people like us! What the hell? Trent from around the block doesn't like that I let Pupa go number two on his lawn? Where the heck is he supposed to go? Brooke and Diane both think I ask too many questions at the grocery store. I'm from outer space! It's not clear to me why you have to cook bread twice. Mitchell thinks I'm too loud! I knew it! We're unlikable, aren't we? Is it the sci‐fi stuff? Do I smell bad? What is it? Looks like people just generally don't like us! One guy hates you. - Who? - This, uh... some dude Tyler. I don't even know anyone named Tyler. Ugh, it feels like I'm covered in bees! Fuck this Tyler guy. What did I ever do to him? We‐we‐we can act different, Korvo. I mean, we can make people like us. I need to repair this godforsaken ship. And if people don't like us, that will make that job so much harder in so many ways. So to be clear: I don't need to be liked, it's strictly a work necessity. Well, I need to be liked! Dang it, have you seen my shrink ray anywhere? I'm hoping it didn't shrink. How ironic would that be. - I hid it. - Give it back! I will, but first I want to prove to you that humans are mostly basically good life forms. For the last couple months, you've been putting way too many people in the wall. You need to pump the brakes, mister. All I have to do is follow you around? Fine. Easy. And you have to do all my homework and laundry for a week. Hmmm... let me think. Uh, laundry's not my strong suit. Um, dang it, did you hide my gun that makes people do what I want? Yeah, I hid all your guns. All the blue areas are pockets where people don't like us as much as they should. And over here in this green area, that marks which houses give out the biggest candy bars on Halloween. With a little extra effort, I think we can up our likability fast. Are you ready to do what it takes? You mean sex stuff? - It's possible. Yeah. - Then yes. Then let's aggressively make people like us! Shauna, the complete McNugget buddy collection. Here you go. Jeremiah, here's a gold bar. You can put it up your butt. Carson, it's your son. He's alive again. There you go. Have fun. Courtesy of Korvo! Oh my god, I can feel my legs! I have legs! These are kind of hard to control. No, no, no, no, no, no! No traffic, no traffic! You're all gonna be early. Keep moving. You're welcome. Everybody's welcome. You're getting there early! You're getting there early! No traffic today. Terry and Korvo. All right, Terry, that's enough. L‐L‐let's go. No, no, no, no, no! I don't wanna talk to Mr. Dutch, he's a dick. He always eats lunch alone in his office. Let's find out why, shall we? Hey! Get outta here. I had an extra pudding cup today, Mr. Dutch. I thought you might want it. I don't want any stupid pudding. I... My ex‐wife used to pack my lunch. Ever since we separated, I've been doing it on my own. I'm sorry if I've been kind of a dick this year. I've... I've been going through a lot. Everyone has shit to deal with, Mr. Dutch. You hang in there. Thank you, Jesse. You know what? Neither of you need to run the mile in next week's fitness test. I'll just say you both got six minutes. See? We were nice to someone who was mean, and now we don't have to run the mile. That's true. That's how it panned out. Yeah, that might work on a sad, old, lonely gym teacher, but... What about those mean surfer guys at Fourth Beach? Ugh, I hate them. They're always mean to me. Something tells me that today might be a little different. Wink. Oh my god, oh my god, oh my god. Are you seeing this, Terry? It's working! We're tricking people into being our friends! Ah, this feels so good, I feel so whole! We're popular! Solar Opposites will be right back after these set of... this set of subsequent advertisements. And now, back to Solar Opposites. Unless you spring for expensive Hulu, then there was no commercial break and this doesn't make a whole lot of sense and is probably quite jarring. Good for you, Mr. Moneybags. Phil, I've got a brat with your name on it. It's laser engraved right there in the middle, see? How's that amicable divorce, A‐A‐Angie? Phil, try the potato salad: your stomach acid will break it down, and then you'll poop it out in a few days. Look, this is the best town I've ever lived in, and I'm from space. I should know a good town when I see one 'cause I've been to the moon. Oh, oh, hey, hey. Don't hide from me over there, Delvin. I wanna hear about that dental thing. Show me those chompers! You and Korvo have gotten pretty popular around here, Ter. Yeah, some people are just natural unifiers, I guess. We have the juice. It's like a little charisma thing. Charisma action going on. You guys should run for the president of the HOA. Ruth, the old lady who runs it now? We would be so happy to see that bitch go. Some weird guy with a ponytail just told me that if we ran for president of the HOA, we'd win! Oh my, Terry, do you know what that means? We could park an RV in the driveway. We could make all the rules around here. No more "paint the ship." No more "don't build a giant hole in the middle of the road to capture children in." I‐I‐I could do some crazy Disney's Blank Check style stuff, like build a water slide that goes down under the ground with a window and you can see the dinosaur diorama we built down there and, oh my god, it would be so awesome. Everyone would have to like us, by HOA law. Which means they would have to like me digging up dead bodies at the cemetery and fucking them. And the only person who can get in the way is the old lady president. Ruth. - Ruth. - Ruth. Ruuuuth. Terry, no. Let's just go spy. I don't get it, she's been sitting on her porch for seven hours. - Doesn't seem that tough. - It's called stamina. She's flexing. I'm freaking out. She's the incumbent, Korvo. They never lose! You boys want some peanut butter cookies? Oh, she's threatening us! Can you help me get a blanket down from my shelf? She's a million years old, man, she probably knows everything. How do we compete with that? We need an edge! I can update the nanobots, make them bigger so they can gather more information. You're going down, bitch. Sorry about the razzing, Yumyulack. I guess, like, we were so focused on nicknaming and mocking your nipples because our buddy JT got mondo chomped shredding the nar and had to have his totes bummer jammed. I totally understand. See? They were projecting their own insecurities onto your nipples. I would have done the same thing if you'd been mondo chomped. Ugh, why are we being nice? I want to kill this little blue... Yumyulack rules! Yeah, that's what I'm talking about. Jesse, I can't believe I'm saying this, but I'm actually glad you hid my shrink ray, because today I learned that people are only jerks when you're a jerk to them. Wait a minute, you're not just pretending to like humans so you get the shrink ray back, right? I'm no schmuck. No way, I genuinely want to make friends with every jerk in town. - Yes! - And I know the perfect place to go next! Hmm, let me guess. The guys who work at GameGrape, the used game store in the mall. They're always so mean to you, but I think today... No, way better. Come on! What? Um, okay, uh, wait, ooh, uh, oh boy... A‐actually, you know what? We've done enough for today! You've grown so much and I think... No way. I need to find out why these guys are so mean. I bet it's the ex‐wife lonely lunch thing again. Oh man. Hey, do we have any scissors? I'm in a little over my head here. Shut the fuck up, Terry. I'm upgrading the nanobots. Smarter nanobots means more information, and more information means there's no way we lose the debate. Such a good idea. Nothing ever goes wrong when you make robots too smart! Well, I'm sure that's the last I'll see of that. Hello? If anyone is in here, the police are on their way... Ohh! Oh, oh, ow! We know everything there is to know about everyone in town. What they want, what their secrets are. I know things about people they don't even know about themselves. Like Todd? His favorite color isn't red. It's orange. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Who cares, who cares. What about Ruth? What is she afraid of? Does she have any allergies? What is gonna take her down? That's my one blind spot. That old withered bag refuses to drink water. Of course! Old people only drink Coke and they never shower. It doesn't matter. The only thing we have to know about her is that she's about to be the ex head of the HOA. Nothing can stop us! Ha ha ha ha, Terry, ha ha ha ha ha ha. Okay, look, you all know us. Me and Korvo, we give you what you want. If you vote for us, we've got you covered. You want big speed bumps that launch your car in the air like Dukes of Hazzard? Done. You want a ski‐lift? I already crayoned up the plans. We can break ground today. Two words: Internet. Fiber. Not in that order. You're getting it! You're all gonna have super‐fast interneeeet! You know what? I kinda feel bad for Ruth. I bet she dies right in that chair when we win. I can't believe we're going to be presidents. This is amazing. President Korvo. Mister Korvo. Wait. Wait, what the hell is that? Oh my god, no, the nanobots! I must speak. Hey, hey, no, no, no, no. Don't listen to this guy. He isn't even really a guy, he's just a‐a pile of robots. It's true. I am composed of a trillion microscopic, self‐replicating robots, but I know... That all humans require... require... a stop sign at the corner of Oak and Main. People speed through there like they're street racing. It's got to stop, and I can make it happen. - No. What? - No, no, no, no, no. I‐I‐I don't think so, stop the clock. We already had the debate. Everyone has to vote right now. Where did you get that suit? Take it off. - Uh, it's my suit. - Gordon, what the hell? I too thought at first that this Nanobot Man was some kind of frightening X‐Files type, you know, monster creature. But then, he took me to a nice steak dinner. That's all it takes? Folks, last thing I want to do is drag this boring HOA election out any longer, but I think if you listen for a moment, I could... whoa, flip your vote. I‐I command you to leave this place! Let's hear him out! Hey, guys, we got pudding over here! Anybody want chocolate‐vanilla swirl? Man, these guys are real wound up. This might take more than a pudding cup. I know, we should probably just go, right? You're gonna have to sing them your friendship song! I don't know if that's a good idea... What the fuck? Hey, guys, if you think that's punk rock, wait till you hear my sister's song. ♪ Interracial love friendship... ♪ Ah! Ah! Ohh! Ah! Look, I do think humans are generally nice, but to prove that point to you today I installed microchips in all of your enemies' heads that made them nice when I clicked this button. But I didn't know about these neo‐Nazis, so it's not gonna work and I think we're gonna die. Ah, I told you some people are bad! You're right! Some people are really, really bad! This is just like the movie Green Room! Darnell, your lawnmower broke, and they don't make the gear anymore, am I right? There you go, 3D printed on the spot. And little Elizabeth, born blind. Let's see what we can do about that. There you go. I can see all the smells and sounds! It's amazing! Seems like your choice is clear: a vote for Nanobot Man is a vote for happiness. The only reason he knows what you want is because he's been inside your pee. That's right, Nanobot Man has been spying on you this whole time. Do you really want to elect a man who's been inside your balls or, or the other stuff? It's true, I can see it! I can see everything! Hah! It's true, I have been in all your pee. I didn't want to bring this up, but they've forced my hand. Korvo is my dad, and he built my nanobot bodies. And he and Terry put me in the water so they could read your minds and give you presents. You can't elect these two liars. You're not their customer, you are their product. We harvest the data for the good of the community! How else would we know that Dave needs a new shed for all his sex dolls? We can give him that shed! That's not true! I have sex with living, human beings! I love the feeling of being pressed up against... a warm bag of bones and blood that can give consent. I know you better than these guys. I know that Becky buried her Guatemalan housekeeper in the back yard. How 'bout that? That's a big secret right there. I'm sorry, what? You killed Lupe! Uh, uh, Jeremy's poisoning his wife for insurance. Uh, Lesley Donovan teaches class while wearing a hidden vibrator. Samantha is cheating on Michael with Joey! What the fuck? Phyllis spent all her kid's cancer medicine money on a purse. Bobby snuck shit in a pie at the pie place. Everyone should be mad about that. - Gary has a cactus fetish. - Robert keyed Leslie's car. This is all your fault. You're making everyone fight! Fuck you, Terry! Ow! - Give me the shrink ray back! - It's in my dollhouse! What? You know what's going to happen right now because you did that? ‐Yeah. Now I have to take these guys out with lethal force! I'm going to stick my knife up your... Ahh! ♪ The Blue Danube Waltz playing ♪ - I don't like doing this! - I said I was sorry! It's the suit, not me, it's the suit. The suit's on auto pilot. It just does this, sorry. Maybe, uh, I don't know, maybe be tolerant next time. Sorry. Sorry. Sorry. Sorry about that eye. Ugh! - Damn you, nanobots! - Me? This is all your fault! Nobody likes you! Take that back! Ah! Ah! Ahhh! Okay, stop! Everyone stop. Everyone just shut the fuck up. Look at yourselves. T‐this is fucked. I've been living here for 30 years and we never had any sci‐fi bullshit. You want things normal and regular. Don't vote for these stupid ugly Alf‐lookin' motherfuckers. I've had enough. Fuck these guys. You tell 'em, Ruth! You're goddamn right I'll tell 'em. It's fucking bullshit. I just want to fucking live in peace. Vote for me, that's all I got to say. Ruth! Ruth! Ruth! Ruth! But I can make free electricity by harnessing the temperature change in the air! It solves global warming! Come on! A‐and I have big ideas for a video game library that we can all use! Shut up and go back to your home in the Abyss! Not all aliens are from the Abyss! I don't even know you, who are you? I'm Tyler, and I think you suck. I knew it! I knew that was Tyler! Fuck you! I've always hated you! Why would we even be from the Abyss? We have a spaceship sticking out of the top of our house. I guess sometimes when you gain sentience and you're full of data about a neighborhood, you can overreach. I was just trying to help, and I ended up hurting the people I love the most. I'm sorry, guys. Truly. I hope you still like me after all this. Yes, I still like you, Mr. Nanobots. But you know what? I'm starting to think I have to stop worrying about who likes me. I guess some humans are unevolved bigots who don't know a good thing when they see one. Us sci‐fi folks need to stick together. To be honest, I'm proud that I made such good nanobots that they tried to take over the neighborhood. Now all of you: back in the bag. We've got work to do on the ship. But I want to live in a house and fall in love and build a recipe folder. Well, tough. I need to spray you on a navigation panel. You know you have to listen to me, right? Get back here! You can't just be free! Damn it! Man, they grow up so fast. Well, since we lost the election and everyone's all crazy high‐concept racist now, I guess that means we better paint the ship to match the roof, huh? I'll be painting it even more silver than before. I'm going to light it up at night so Ruth can see it from a mile away. - But the rules... - It's a $50 fine. I'll eat it. Yeah, but then people won't like us... - Did you give him candy again? - No! Damn it, Terry! He's getting it from somewhere and if he's not getting it from me, he has to be getting it from you! I don't know, man. I‐I would remember if I did, but... What do you mean you would remember? If he's not getting it from you, where is he getting it? - I don't know okay! - Where? - Stop yelling at me! - I'll yell at you as much as I want. I shouldn't have lied to you. Humans are complicated, but I didn't think they were so complicated that they would try to kill us. After today, I can tell it's important to you that I be careful who I put in the wall. So from now on, I'll make sure that everyone in the wall deserves to be... Ooh, a guy in a red shirt! - Wait, but... - Look, I had people in shirts of all the other colors. I promise we'll use due process on the next one. Don't yell at me. Eh, he was probably a Nazi. I like humans, but I hate shoes. Like, how are we supposed to taste the ground? I don't know, they don't flavor their ground either. Pff! Weird, right? Oh! Hey, hey. What's going on here? Where are we? W‐what is this? What is this? What the hell is happening? Oh my god. What is this place? Wait, why... w... where are you going? Anywhere but here! - D‐don't hurt me, don't hurt me. - Empty your pockets. Ugh! Hey wait, wait, wait, hey. I don't belong here! Two little aliens just shrank me down for no reason. I'm just a regular guy. I didn't do anything to anybody. More Taffy bandits will be arriving soon, and the gum boys move south at night. We don't want to be anywhere near here when they meet. Why are they called gum boys? They love gum. Did they make a True Lies 2? The Arnold Schwarzenegger movie. Is there a sequel to that? Surf the internet with browser of future osdb.link/brave 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 