Balls Deep: Season 2, Episode 7 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Balls Deep 
 s2e7 - Valley Goths - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Balls Deep (2016–…): Season 2, Episode 7 - Valley Goths - full transcript 
 Thomas descends into the goth scene of suburban LA to see what's changed since he left it, many lugubrious teenage moons ago. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Here is my crystal ball. And now since we're on the beach, what I usually like to do... is cleanse the stones. - Oh, in the water? - Yeah. - Yeah. Magic should be my last resort of anything. If I'm going on an existential crisis in my life, then I will use it. But otherwise, like, I'll just try to let -- Aah! Oh, shit. - You all right? 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 - Yeah. - Stones cleansed. Everything I know about the Goth world, I learned from being in it, as a teenager, and "The Everything You Need to Know About The Goth Scene" books from "The Everything You Need to Know About" library series. However, that was many years ago. And the interceding period. Goth has grown and hybridized with various other subcultures into perhaps a new animal unto itself. Or maybe just the same refuge for nerds and weirdos, but slightly different dressed. To find out what Goths have been up to 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 since I was one myself, I've come to the epicenter of Gothdom -- suburbia. Specifically, a suburb in L.A. -- the Valley. I brought you guys some venom -- Venom Energy. Oh, okay. Well, let me -- Spider shit, so I figured... Oh, thank you. Babe. You don't have to go to Starbucks no more. Okay. We have these moments where whenever we see something that's super Goth, like, "Hey, look, we gotta get it." And I get it. Well, does it bum you out, like, that so many brands have co-opted Goth culture and now it's just like... No, actually, to me, it's great. There's more options for us. - Okay. So this was me. This was in fifth grade. And I was really into, like, "Nightmare Before Christmas." This was when I was already starting to be, like, weird and stuff. Oh, yeah. I think the biggest problem is always when your mom first sees you all dressed up and it's like, "One day they woke me up with an exorcism." Huh. - No, I heard my -- - Oh, they did that to me, too. - Oh, my God. - Oh, yeah. - Really? - Yeah, 'cause that -- That definitely did not happen to me. - No, I woke up and like... - I think that might be, like, a Catholic/Latino thing. I will never forget this. She said, "Why do you wear black?" And I was like, "Oh, because I think black is beautiful and I love it." She said, "Well, God told me that that's bad. You know that's bad, right? Because that's the devil." You think the devil wouldn't wear such obvious clothes. I think a lot of kids just look at it and it's like, "Oh, this is cool. I want to do this." But they don't understand. It's like... Some people, it's not that it's just cool. I mean, it is cool, but, like, it's deeper than that, you get me? Daniel's artistic endeavors seem to run the usual Goth gamut adventures from... - It's very Goth. - Yeah. ...weird drawings to attempts at music. Unfortunately I don't have coffin case for this one. I'm sure it's actually still in tune. Mm. Vanessa's primary creative outlet seems to be her fashion tutorials on YouTube. ...business, bitches. I got, like, my first dislike, 'cause that means, like, people are watching us more. - That's the scary part. - Yeah. It's scary to be, like, "Okay, now everyone can see me. Now the whole world knows I'm here." This stuff? Yes. Oh, you have to -- It's one of those kinds of door. Yes. So we're going to start filming. Yeah. Do you need help with... Um... okay. - I like your bats. - Oh, thank you. How'd you start with the makeup tutorials? You know, I always was involved into makeup. I always liked it, but there was this point in my life that I felt like I wasn't doing anything or contributing to society, especially my creativity, so I just pretty much want to make a show where people can come to and be into the Goth subculture. - Yeah. - Mm-hmm. Okay, help out the next generation. - Yeah. Mm-hmm. - Yeah. It's nice how there's, like, actual -- You can actually go find stuff. Remember you had to really shop to find things. It was before Hot Topic hit the suburbs or anything like that. Yeah, I remember how it would be, like, a big distro catalogues for bands. They'd just be like, "Joy Division shirt." They'd never have pictures of them either. And they would -- It would always be large and extra large. Then you'll just be like, "I guess I'll try a large. See what shows up." Oh, man. Okay, so I like to film me doing my makeup first and then doing the intro and outro. - Okay. - Mm-hmm. That's how I like to do things. There we go. Just a little bit lower. There you go. A little bit higher. Okay. In between. There. Good. It's like wearing kind of a mask. Oh, yeah. I believe makeup was a freedom of expression. - Mm-hmm. It brought me a lot of confidence. What did your mom think of the eyebrows? - Oh, they hate it. - Yeah. Oh, they hate it. But they don't care anymore, but I haven't had eyebrows since I was 16. And now it's just like with a regular pencil and I can just draw them on. I don't know. Do you guys think it looks the same? Uh, there's a little higher arch on your -- - On this one -- On this one. - That one. - Right? - Yeah. It's not terribly off, but... What about now? Uh, it's still a little bit high. Like a lot closer, yeah. Now? Or did I mess up? - No. - It's fine. You can just tell me. It's a smidgen higher, but I can't tell if that's like... As long as they look like sisters, not, uh -- twins. Oh, yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Did you go to high school near here? Yeah. I didn't like it. A lot of people would bully me a lot, and I was just very, like, anti-social and to myself in high school. - Yeah. - And people started calling me, like, "Sharpy Eyebrows" and things like that. But it was more funny than anything. - Okay, yeah. - Mm-hmm. So I think I'm pretty much done. With the -- So I should start with my intro? - Looks good. Yeah, do it. - Hi, everyone. This is Victoria Fashion. Welcome back to my channel. So this video, I'm going to be doing a chola Goth look. Keep watching more, uh -- Please keep on watching more. Now let's go do the fucking makeup tutorial. And then... And then end. - Sounded good. Okay. Thank you. It is another scorching day out at North Hollywood. Daniel and Vanessa are spending the day indoors avoiding the life-giving nourishment of our sun. I would not think of a Southern California suburbs as an easy place to be Goth, but, um, it's in close approximately to L.A., which was an epicenter of the death-rock scene in the '80s. A lot of bands, like, 45 Grave and Christian Death, obviously. The Rozz Williams Christian Death, not the **** later version with Valor. Could also do something, you know, sort of natural kind of environment for such an ornate and weirdly, you know, aesthetic kind of mindset and anaesthetic as Gothdom, but you can't pick where you're born. There's also something about the, you know, the decaying sprawl that's kind of regulent with a sense of, like, American isolation, which really befits sort of the mindset that made you to dress up, and, you know, corsets and top hats despite that crushing boredom that's just duplicated on every block out here. Jesus, listen to me. Two days. I'm already back to my old... my old diction. Hola. Eh. Es bueno. Es, uh... Uh, um... How do you say "kitchen"? They're inside. 'Sup? Yeah. Hey, Art, how you doing? - Hey, what's up, Thomas? - How you doing, man? - Good, how are you? - Good. It is a very full house here. Vanessa lives with her mom and dad and grandpa. One sister, two brothers, one being a brother-in-law -- that was Art who just left -- and a group of dogs who's number I haven't quite placed. There's more than 3 of them, though, I'm sure. Maybe a little window into, you know, her own quest for semi-individuality via the Goth subculture, you know. Compelling her to stand out. Tables, right? - Whatever you got. - Yeah. Where's the other side? Gracias, papa. Yeah. What is it, is it pork or beef? Her family rolls deep. - Yeah. - They travel in big-ass packs. My family isn't very big. I'm not used to big families. When I moved in with her, like, getting used to her family, it was different. Is there normally a Goth table at your family functions? - A Goth table? - Yeah. No. Pretty much this spell is more for, like, having more of my life where I want it to go. Where are you going to do it? Are you going to do it in the... - I'm just going to do it here. - Okay. Mm-hmm. This is part of, like, a mixture of... Mm-hmm. Do you watch it the whole time or...? Some - I always check up on it. If the candle wick starts, like, um, moving out of nowhere, like, going really fast and there's something wrong or it's catching negativity. Would you like to do a card reading? Yeah. You want to do it in here or...? Yeah, we can do it here. What I want you to do is shuffle. Shuffle the card to how I was doing it. - Mm-hmm. - And visualize your question. Think about your question, and then you're going to spread the cards by three. Which stack do you feel the most... This one came out and held in my hand, so... Okay. Studious and mischievous. I think it's talking about certain projects. All the projects you've been wanting to do. Your vision and everything is starting to revive. And it's finally happening. I think this is all, like, your emotions right now, and this is gonna be the outcome. - A windfall of money. - Mm-hmm. I like that. I see a female here. Yeah, there's some form of attachment with you and this person. - Uh-huh. By any chance are you in a relationship? - Uh, no. - No? - Ish. - Kind of? - Yeah. - Okay. Um... - Why? - Because I see right here that there's someone here, like a female that you care about, but somehow I think her sort of, like, your lifestyle, it kind of bothers her a lot that you're not always around. Okay, yeah. Well, that's the truth. - Okay, guys. - Okay, there you are. How's the editing coming? Um, as much as I like the makeup tutorials, whenever she says, like, "I want to do a makeup tutorial," I'm like, "Fuck." It's just the editing that gets to me, because look how long it is. It's 1 hour and 21? So then... It's longer because we -- I did foundation and concealed my face. - It's a full-on tutorial. - Yeah, it's a full-on. Yeah. - What's in the notebook? Or whose notebook? - This is my planner. - For the YouTube stuff? - Yeah. Yeah, and these are all where I write my ideas, like, for future series. - Alt Disney characters. - I'm thinking of doing, like... That's why I'm glad... Punk Belle, and, like, a pastel Cinderella, 'cause that's -- light blue is a very pastel color. There's two new trends right now. New Goth and pastel Goth. - Okay. This is new Goth and it's very witchy. - It's like a... - Yeah, and then pastel Goth. It could be cute and colorful but still be creepy. Lot of girls have been very into the Wednesday Addams look. - Mm-hmm. - I think it's just an easier -- I'm more into Morticia. - Yeah. - Yeah. What do you hope this is going to lead to, like... - All this? - Yeah. So, the YouTube channel, all this we're creating is basically to reinforce her brand, just to get her brand stronger. Like maybe one day... - Product. Yeah, like, maybe one day you have a Victoria Fashion bag. - No. - It's like a... Lately I've been getting into pumpkins, so... Okay. You guys ever worry with, like, the dreaded realm of, like, selling out? It's just a stupid term people toss around. Like people that say "sell outs" are usually people who don't understand what a real sell out is. How are you selling out if you're doing what you want? - Yeah. - Hi, everyone. This is Victoria Fashion. Welcome back to my channel. So, this is... You want to see? I feel like every time I'm with a woman in Southern California, I ends up in a stone shop. - In a what? - In a crystal shop. - Oh, really? - Yeah. - This is pretty much my local crystal Wiccan store. This is really cool, yeah. Whenever I choose a stone, it either feels heavy or it just feels like, "Okay, get this one." Something's different. It calls out to you. The main stone that I feel the most in tune with is clear quartz. Mm-hmm. How'd you grow up? Did you grow up Catholic? Yeah, I grew up Catholic. I used to go to church every Sunday with my dad. And my mother's Christian, so there was always a somewhat of a clash. - Yeah. - But for some reason, being Christian or being Catholic, I never felt right at all. Right. What do you identify with now? More like Pagan, and I follow more -- I still do witchcraft at times. I mainly follow more of the feminine aspect of Wicca. Uh-huh. You don't have any anks, do you? Ank. Um, I think that's it. - All right. - All right. - Thank you so much. - You're welcome. - All right. Bye. - Enjoy your day. - Have a good one. - Bye. Thank you. Every time I go up to the beach... Yeah. ...I go and I just have, like, a quick prayer and look at the moon and just tell the goddess, like, you know, "Thank you." I always ask the universe, especially to the goddess, "Show me. Show me the way." So first, I like to do -- I like to just smudge myself. I visualize that when I breathe in and while I'm smudging myself, I breathe in light, and then whenever I breathe out, I take away all the darkness, all the negativity. Okay. - Okay. He won't do it. - I'll do it. - No. You want to do it? He's -- He's, like -- He's Atheist, that's why. - Ah. - But I still, like, respect her, like, traditions. Yeah. Okay, now my turn. One went off. Mm-hmm. Yeah, I don't think it's going to work like that then. Mm. Beach is nice. Mm-hmm. I'm starting to get kind of a shut-in feeling from being in the house. The only times we've left are to do are kind of, like, very specific errands or adventures in town. Otherwise it's just been here. The indoor nature of Gothic kingdom is ironically a breeding ground for the exact kind of boredom that the whole Gothic lifestyle is supposed to help evade. They do go clubbing, so hopefully -- so hopefully tonight we can hit the town. Where is it? - Oh, it's right here. - Okay. That's one of the problems of owning so many black things... - Yeah. - ...that we lose things. - All the time. I couldn't find things... - Yeah. - Yeah, it's fun at first, then you realize, "I can't find shit." - It's just all looks the same. - It looks the same. That's the downside of Gothin' out. - Do you have a comb? - Yeah. A comb or a brush? A comb. I'm just going to tease it up. Where do you put the combs, 'cause your stuff... - I... - Oh, I see one. Oh, wait, here's my Belle one. - Can I use this? That okay? - Yeah, go for it. I'm lice free. It's funny, all the primping. Nah, this isn't happening. My hair's too short right now to get the full tease. I'm going to try to do like a Anna Mccalla thing just in the back. I don't know what the fuck I'm doing now. When I was in high school, there really wasn't, like -- There was the Internet, but it wasn't as full of, like, easy to access information about, like, hair-care stuff. I'm just pulling out hairs. Sorry. There was all kinds of stuff back in the day. We try to figure this shit out. This is always my problem with wavy hair. There's just nothing you can fucking do with it. - Well, I had that problem. - Can't grow it, can't grow it long, can't keep it short. Just looks like it looks. I miss sort of like the high-barrier entry there used to be. - Yeah, that is also true. - Right. And now, like, you just YouTube it. You have someone pop out. She'll pop out. Wow. This takes me back. Yeah, right? Um, how did I do that? You hold it down to do the top, right? Okay. You can use a hair -- the hairs down or... So that -- I haven't put on eyeliner in probably 15 years. But it's like riding a bicycle. It came right back. Used to -- I was really big into, like, Robert Smith when I was in, like, 9th grade. So I'd take, like, blue eye shadow. Usually not even blue eye shadow, but something blue just in general. Smear it on my face. I looked like a fucking clown. There you go. I'm really -- Yeah. I'm in Depeche Mode territory, aren't I? No, that's good. Almost Flock of Seagulls territory. Yikes. Nothing wrong with the classic look. Here's the real question -- Can I wear my glasses or not? Yeah. It's there. Hi. Oh, tell me when to go, babe. Go ahead. Hi, everyone! Guess where I'm at? I'm in the Son of Monsterpalooza. I am so excited, because the actor who plays Nosferatu is going to be there. Let's go check it out, shall we? Wow, it's cool. Ooh. Let's go over there. Thank you. Oh, hell yeah. Aliens. Vasquez, man. That's one of my all-time favorites. Let me get -- I got to get a shot. This used to be more of a sci-fi horror con, but nevertheless, Dan and Vanessa are really in their elements. It's funny you feel, like, alienated where you grew up, and so you adopt the uniform of a subculture that makes you feel not more of yourself, more of who you want to be. Then you go somewhere where people are dressed up as Vasquez from "Aliens" and... that's your scene. Okay. - You look so cute. - Oh, you look adorable. ** * Suffering as a child * Nothing... The scene here in downtown L.A. actually looks like Tokyo Rose in Charlottesville circa 2000, or probably even The Masque here in L.A. circa many, many years ago. It's kind of weird to see, you know, kids from the city glom on to such a ready-made identity. But then again, Goth was always a ready-made identify for anybody who kind of wanted to step into it. It was a, you know, loosely prefabricated set of rules and vestural scriptures that you could adapt as maybe a stepping stone into identifying who you really were and a human being. It's fucked up the dancing hasn't gotten any better, though. It's kind of weird how little Goth has changed over the years. But I guess we have to kind of draw a hardline between original Goth, which is a bunch of crazy artists trying to live outside mainstream rules, and Goth of, you know, the last 20 years, which is kind of a codified system of rules in which to kind of join up, find your clan, and then maybe eventually kind of pass through it as a phase and become a true individual afterwards, which, honestly, is kind of like how I treated Goth. Then again, given how much mainstream acceptance there's been of Goth things and Goth people in general, not so bad to become an aging Goth chick anymore. You're just not, you know, Lydia Lunch or, you know, a Vampira. You're just kind of the cool aunt who has a niche sort of taste that's catered to by major brands everywhere. Oh, vampire blood. Cute. Surf the internet with browser of future osdb.link/brave 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 