Balls Deep: Season 1, Episode 2 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Balls Deep 
 s1e2 - Tugs - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Balls Deep (2016–…): Season 1, Episode 2 - Tugs - full transcript 
 Thomas tries not to lose his fingers working as a deckhand on a NYC tugboat. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 [ Waves crashing ] [ Wind whistles ] ** [ Horn honks ] There's perhaps no boat more classically boaty than the tugboat. What 5-year-old alive hasn't dreamt of either piloting a tugboat or being a tugboat? But most people's experience of tugboats is kind of like Ed Norton's in "25th Hour." 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 It's just a, you know, pleasant thing you see passing on the water that makes you think, "Huh, wouldn't that be the life?" But would it, in fact, be the life? The Catherine Miller is one of the 100-plus tugs in New York harbor pushing, pulling, and towing the various barges and container ships that bring in the products that make New York City a place where 8 million people can live. The Catherine is moored down in Staten Island, where Wu-Tang is from, and run by the two-man team of Captain John Cadamuro and Mike "Mikey" Karlick. Hello! 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Since I don't have a captain's license for Tugboat U, I'll be joining Mikey as a deckhand, learning the ropes, both figurative and literal, of life on these plucky little boats. Tugboats. [ Horn blaring ] I'm not sure. Something with ropes. You got some serious learning to do. Straighten that filter out. Straighten that filter out because if you give me coffee with grinds in it, I'm gonna dog you all day, you give me grinds. I don't like weak coffee, either. Ten cups only. Ten cups. Taking entirely too long. I want my coffee this morning, not this afternoon. How many deckhands do you guys usually have on a boat? It depends how many can survive. Close enough now, let's go. - We want coffee today. - Does the captain want some? Call up and ask him if he wants. You want coffee, Captain? MAN: 1400, fueling operations alongside the Queen Mary, too. All right, here's where you got. Stand right here. - Okay. - Look straight, what do you see? - The crane. - Yeah. What do you see on the water in front of you? - Nothing. - That's right. We have our barge, which is 160 feet. We have our crane boom hanging 60 feet over the bow. - Okay. - Then we have our boat, we'll call 65 feet. So, you're steering a 200-foot vessel, and you can't see where you are. Nope. So, how do we suppose that's gonna work out? I would assume I would use things, like, devices. - No? - Nope. You wait for your deckhand to tell you where you are. That's what you're doing up there. You're the eyes and ears of the captain. Say, "Mikey, what do you see?" What do you see out there? That's a good sign, right? Stay there for right now. He's the -- he's the deckhand in training. Yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. [ Laughter ] So, Mike's basically the dictionary definition of, like, an old Jersey salt. I'm kind of curious how long he's been working on tugs in the harbor. Wind it up. * There is a flash packet and a packet of fame * Now use the handle. * And a dreadnought's her name JOHN: Thomas, bring it home, you can do it. All the way, make it real tight, part of the rock. * All away to the westward * In the dreadnought we'll go * Derry down, down, down derry down * Oh! Walk it. No slack. Whip it, give it direction, give it direction. There we go. So now we're gonna get the buckley and put it in place of the scow. Roger that. Bakin', Mikey. Shakin' and bakin', lock it down. So far, the bulk of tug work seems to be barge rearrangement. Move several barges out of the way this morning. - Let's go. - To move another barge into one of their places, move the other barges back. - Cool. - Basically, like, kind of a play on aquatic "Tetris." JOHN: Still need five port. Five port, five port. Give me five port, come on. Five port. Then there's like a lariat component, too. The two basic skill sets of a tugboat deckhand. Good at "Tetris" and can lasso with gigantic ropes. These are very heavy, too, by the way, they're also wet. Don't be so rigid. Have a little confidence. No, never grab a line like that. That's now you lose your fingers. Just so you do know... Yeah. the next time you put a fuckin' wire on a bit -- With my hands? And you're holding the fucking eye like that -- All right. That's a no? Like -- Believe, I'm gonna slap you. Because that'll take off my fingers, won't it? It'll rip the bones right apart. Right, right, right. No, that is the fastest way of losing your fucking hands. Okay, always the line. - Always the line. - Okay. If something goes wrong, and you drop it, it's fine. We can get it back. Don't get hurt. All right, the minute you get hurt, that's it, it's for life. - Yeah, yeah. - No, don't do that. - I will fuckin' hit you, though. - Okay. You notice I have gloves on. - Right. - You know why I have gloves on? Check out my fingers. I want you to see something. Look at that, see 'em all? - Yeah. - Mikey, come here. Show him your fingers, Mike. - Like mine? - Something's different. - Cockeyed, ain't it? - Yeah. What about this one? They're short. Yeah. Why are they short? We was moving barges one day, and my hand was like this underneath. - When that line came tight... - Yeah. ...it crushed my fingers. It literally pulled so tight, they slid right off. Oy. So was it just bone you were looking at? Oh, yeah, you know them pirate movies? Yeah. Where you see the pirate sitting there, and you see that pointy little bone sticking out, like, towards the treasure? - Yeah, - They really do look like that. - Jesus. - They really do. But we put you through this so you understand what it is you're doing and why you're doing it. And we'll keep repeating ourselves until we make sure you understand what it is we do. We try to go home in one piece. Get the job done and go home in one piece, happy. 'Cause there's always somebody at home that wants to see you. They may not love you a lot, but they do want to see you once in a while. [ Birds squawking ] Lay down. ** JOHN: Get on with the fingers, watch the fingers, Mike! Got fingers again! Right there, watch his fingers! Use the fucking line. - Only the line. - Go. Okay. How far off that ship, Tom? You're about 2-5-0. All right, I'd say more like 75, but keep going with it. I keep thinking I've kind of got the tricks down to throwing ropes and coiling them and tying the right figure 8s and shit like that. Whoa. It's either, they keep doing things that are different, or I keep misremembering things. It takes a lot of practice. ** Hey. What's your ETA to launch? Oh. Okay, you gonna take Mike Karlick, or am I putting Mike Karlick on the Samantha? You just said Mike Karlick, or no? You were going to get on the Susan to go and get Marty. My job is, one, cultivating new clients and taking care of our old ones. You're sales, then. That's part of it. Ray, you on here? They'll tell me when they want to boat, or when they want a barge, or whatever it is that they need. And then I have to figure out who would be best to be able to take the barge or materials or whatever. Are you gonna go with him on the Samantha? No, 'cause you never told me nothing about it. When did you tell me anything about it? I don't have to tell you. [ Laughs ] I map it out. Ray! So I then -- I'm now a dispatcher. Do we have everything for the Samantha to go up? Every day is fun. Every day is new. Every day is different. - It's pretty cool. - Now, what's the -- what are the dots on your board? TERRY: These are all one type of vessel or another. So, I know exactly where they are at any given moment. Pan out, and you'll see how busy this harbor is. - Man. - Yeah. That's a lot of stuff going on. Mm-hmm. THOMAS: The Catherine Miller is part of a tugboat fleet owned by Glen Miller, whose ships are all named for members of the Miller family. ** The shipwreck that we're salvaging today is down there under this kind of circle of boom. Um, I think it's a pretty small boat. If I could only hear you. If I -- Come on up here. No, come here, come here, sit down here. Talk to 'em. Go ahead, talk to 'em. "How you doing?" - You understand that? - I thought you were saying -- Right, get the fuck out. You gonna run this? Uh, I'll pop up and watch you. See, I can't hear him, either. No? Who's the main contractor? Who's running this thing? - Uh, it's my brother's company. - Ah. It's called Miller Environmental. Oh, okay. And the guy who's hiring us is the Coast Guard. The reason for removing this is, it's, uh, an environmental reason, because it probably has fuel on board. - Yeah. - So, the Coast Guard wants to step in and prevent an oil spill from happening. How long ago did it wreck? - I understand two years ago. - Okay. And it's kind of a mystery. Nobody knows who owns it. Just scoot it out of town? There are not gonna be, like, skeletons in there, are there? Is it upside down? Ask him, what the fuck is he doing down there? Let's go, man. Does he think he can get a hook on it? Do you have a hammer? THOMAS: What do boaters make of salvagers? Is that like humans think of vultures kind of thing? Is there, like, bad blood there or... No, not at all. I mean, salvage is -- Or sal-wars are a necessary part of the industry. Okay. So, I am a salver myself, and the whole business, from its inception, was actually started by my dad. His story goes way back to a very famous disaster out in Montauk, something known as the Pelican. Booming down. The Pelican was a charter boat that rolled over and killed 40 people. They hired a 16-year-old kid go swimming underneath and recovering all the dead guys. - That was my dad. - Oh, man, Jesus. - That's a horror movie. - It's a horror movie. And his father sailed his whole life, so I would be the third generation. - Oh, shit, here it comes. - There it is. Okay, let's see what we got. THOMAS: It's a boat. Fucked-up-looking boat. Spent about ten hours rescuing a completely rusted out, 20-foot -- I don't even know what type of boat. I guess some sort of tug, not much of one. What do you think the odds are it's full of gold doubloons? GLENN: Coming down easy. [ Thud ] [ Laughs ] MAN: That's all she wrote. ** THOMAS: So, today, we're working over in Port Newark in New Jersey. Newark was one of the first container ports and is now, I think, the biggest on the East Coast and third biggest in America. As the ports of New York started to decline and got turned into, like, parks and soccer fields, oyster bars, Newark's taken up the slack and is now, I think, the biggest port on the East Coast. There's tons of stacks behind me. It's basically container land here. And this is pretty much where any good you buy in New York or pretty much anywhere in the tri-state area, if it's coming in by boat, it's gonna come here. MIKE: So, commodities relocation. That's all we are, relocators, and waterways is the easiest way to move large quantities of commodities. You can move more on a barge than you can do in a caravan of tractor trailers. They don't make planes the size of these ships, either. Oh, even what you see, there's how much more down below. JOHN: You know there's a hierarchy. The deckhand does what the captain tells them to do, but oftentimes, since your deckhand is the eyes and ears of the captain, the captain has to do what the deckhand tells him. Your captain is no better than your deckhand. Your deckhand is no better than your captain. He's your proxy on the barge. - Very much so. - Good morning! You'll hear him say at times, "I need to put my barge here, and this is what I want you to do." Okay, go ahead. It gets the job done. There's no ego involved. You can't have that. MIKE: [ Laughs ] A hemorrhoid. [ Laughter ] [ Birds squawking ] Been wondering, with the hours these guys keep, when they go, you know, and see their families. I'm starting to guess they kind of don't. I think Mikey stays here. Don maybe drives home, but it kind of feels like they've formed their own sort of family. You have Mikey as obviously a grandfather figure. Captain John is sort of like a wacky uncle, and you've got Terry who's on the phone all the times, kind of like their mom. And then Glen, who runs the whole place, the boss, is kind of like a very dadly disposition. So it's like a weird sort of dysfunctional sea family. Whatever consolation that is. [ Sighs ] Long day. Now you see what our days are like. Yeah. This is what they are. Hello. This dinner? Yep. - My wife's on the way. - [ Laughs ] - That's not funny. - [ Laughs ] - I know. - [ Laughs ] THOMAS: This is the commute? MIKE: This is the illustrious commute, and this is the famous box. Two on each wall, four in each room, two rooms. - Mattress is nice and comfy. - Yeah? - Oh, yeah. - Is somebody sleeping in there? - Nobody's in there. - No, okay. - Nope. - I just want to be quiet. If there was, they'd have been whining already. Yeah. MAN: Do you mind going and getting stuck by the coffee maker? Got to get up at 4:00 in the morning. Of course, of course. Oh, 4:00 in the morning. Come on, son. You already got nine hours sleep. Damn. You only need three hours' sleep, come on, now. - Come on, now. - All right, sorry, thanks. He don't like giggles. [ Laughs ] How many grandkids do you have again? - 18. - 18. Any of them work on boats, too, or are you the only seaman? Actually, believe it or not, that's how I actually started here. Yeah. Uh, one of my sons was working here. Because before that, you were doing -- - I turned wrenches. - Yeah, you were a mechanic? Yeah. I came down to help out, and I been here since. Yep. Oh. Are you gonna retire ever, you think or... - Retire? - Yeah. What is that? Nah. Unh-unh, no. See, my grandkids, they make sure Pops is never gonna get old. It ain't gonna happen. I'm gonna get dead one day, but I'm not gonna get old. GLENN: All right, I'm gonna have you do this, okay? I'm gonna walk you through it. Okay, come up on the load. - No, pull them up. - Up? Don't stop. If you stop, it'll come down. Okay. ** [ Grunts ] Um... [ Grunts ] Shit. I might need a hand. I'm sorry. [ Grunts ] Just right there. This is your steering implement. We don't have a wheel. Look at your radar, okay? That's a barge anchor, that's a barge and boat anchor, that's a buoy. Current's coming this way, it's gonna be deflected off this land mass out here, and at times, there's a slight rotary current. MIKE: Hey! Go under! Under the ear! Take it off, put it under! Lead it under the horn, lead it under the horn? Yeah. GLENN: Don't lift anymore. Break in, break up. You have to swing to your left, boom down, cable up at the same time. It's a lot to keep in mind at the same time. ** Westbound with the crane, C on one. Westbound with the crane, C on one. Wow. I've never been called captain. ** That's the idea. [ Grunting ] JOHN: We'll make a real captain out of you. Oh. Now put your feet up, there you go. GLENN: Slower. Keep on coming down. MAN: Keep coming. All right, get ready, big heave. One, two, three. Nice. Well done, good job. I have the autopilot on. So, you're doing great, keep up the good work. [ Horn blaring ] So, today is the New York tugboat race. This happens once a year on Labor Day Sunday. All the tugs from New York harbor get together, and they race for, like... like a fifth of a mile, maybe. But it's a big family day. [ Cheering ] [ Horn honks ] ** Here we go! 3, 2, 1! [ Horns blare ] Check out the jet skiers coming our way. That's gonna be a problem. [ Horn honking ] They're going crazy. WOMAN: All right, next up, the line toss. CROWD: Oh! Oh! JOHN: This is Tom. He's brand-new on the boat. He's been doing this for three days. WOMAN: All right, everybody, give Tom a warm welcome to tugboat life. I got a really bad feeling right now. ** WOMAN: Yeah, make it rain! [ Laughs ] [ Cheering ] Whoo! Whoo! ** You know, it's kind of crazy that, in 2015, with all our technological advancements, the way we get most of our goods from one place to another is still to literally ship them. The craft of shipping itself is still very much feels like an ancient trade. You're still learning the same secrets of ropes and reading the waves and leading tides as people did when they first discovered the Americas. A lot of hands-on work. It's very dangerous, but your reward is being at sea, which is an enchanting proposition. As Brian Eno described it, there's no more magical substance on earth than water. And we create these vessels that we can enjoy its wondrous properties. * I just want to be your tugboat captain * Working on a tugboat is almost like taking a vacation while working, while doing some of the hardest work there is to do. I think I finally understand why Sterling Morrison left the Velvet Underground to pursue life as a tugboat captain. It's the place he wanted to be. It's the place he could be happy. [ Birds squawking ] [ Horn blares ] 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 