Balls Deep: Season 2, Episode 5 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Balls Deep 
 s2e5 - Frosh - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Balls Deep (2016–…): Season 2, Episode 5 - Frosh - full transcript 
 The freshperson (NOT freshman!) class of 2020 matriculates at Beloit College in Wisconsin, while the upperclasspeople (!) return for the first week of school. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 [ "Pomp and Circumstance" plays ] College -- the defining period in most young people's lives, or at least what movies and high-school guidance counselors have led us to believe will be the defining moment in most young people's lives. But large education is not constructed in order to impart useful skills necessarily for the outside world, but is rather a space apart from that world in which to try out new ways of thinking, challenge your identity, and redefine ourselves. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 I never really went to college with the proper campus and frat houses and all the fixings. So I'm accompanying a young lady named Olivia through her first week of school here at Beloit College, see how she adapts to her new environs, makes friends, and see what she does with who she feels she is and maybe redefine my own identity in terms of someone a little more cool than me I have been. By the way, note to editors -- don't put anything tacky like "Pomp and Circumstance" under this, please. It's too on the nose. [ "Pomp and Circumstance" continues ] Do you wash your car regularly? 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Or is this just a goin' to college sort of thing? It's kind of a, like, I went out of town, and it sat under a tree for 2 weeks and got really gross. And I'm goin' to school and all that. Oh, my God. I'm so sorry. It's all right. - All right. - College-ready. So, Olivia grew up here in Grayslake, Illinois, which is a -- not even quite a suburb. It's, like, a fishing town on the outskirts of Chicago. You've done this before, I'm assuming? Mm-hmm. Olivia's going to school at Beloit College. It's about an hour and a half from here. It's, you know, kind of, like, tit-for-tat the equivalent of the place she's grown up in, just a place where she can be, like, further removed from her support structure. So it's, you know, not the biggest leap in the world into adulthood. And hopefully it'll be a little less boring than, you know, Grayslake. There's really not a whole lot to do when it comes to Grayslake. What do -- what do you do? I -- I read. And I play a lot of music. Here we have Shakespeare, my violin, and Hank, my ukulele... Benny, my guitar. And this is Lucy the Destroyer. She's the newest addition. - Acoustic bass? - Yes. - Nice. What's comin' with you? This guy, uh, Lucy, Shakespeare, Hank, and Benny. - The named ones. - Yeah. This is me. Thomas: Good spot. Oh, cool bunk bed. - Thank you. What's your space like at school? Have you seen it? It is 12 by 15. It is... - Feet? - Yes. - That sounds pretty small. - It is very small. And I'm sharing it. My best friend is Willow. And she is also my roommate. - Oh, awesome. I don't know what I would have done if I didn't know my roommate. I was in "The Vagina Monologues" with Willow. We sat on stools with euphemisms for vagina taped, uh, glued to the front of them. So I -- I sat on the "box" stool. Which one did Willow get? I think she got "pussy," which she is so psyched about. Pretty sure she's gonna hang it in our room, make a really distinctive first impression. - Put those two together. - Yes. Your room could be the pussy box. The pussy box, and what more could one ask for? ** So, it seems in her high school existence, Olivia fulfilled the sort of very archetypal theater-girl sort of role. This is, um, just sort of a collection of different playbills from shows I was in. And then I've got the mural of Bernie Sanders that I painted on my wall a while back. Like, right down to the hair and the way her bedroom is kind of painted and her politics and her outspokenness and, like, the very even, like, syntax and diction reminds me of theater girls I've known since I was in high school and then in varying classes in between. It's kind of uncanny. Have you seen "Hamilton"? No. So you haven't listened to it or anything? - No. - It's incredible. It's, like, the magnum opus of magnum opuses. It's just this brilliant work. I mean, Lin-Manuel Miranda is -- He's the Mozart. He's the Einstein. He's the whatever of our generation. We'll see what happens once she's immersed herself in college. We'll see if she ends up being a -- even more of who she is right now or someone else completely. Let's roll the college dice. How long you think this room's gonna stay like this? I imagine my mom will keep it as something that resembles a shrine. She's freaking out. Tears are, like, constantly brimming. Just, like, everything makes her... nostalgic. And, uh, she just gets, like, really, you know, emotional about stuff. Uh, but I'm her only child. And, uh, my -- my dad -- my dad has two sons. I have a couple half-brothers. And so he's sort of played this game before. Um, he's -- he's not too worried about it. John: Go ahead and have a seat, if you'd like. Thank you. She mentioned her mom's getting emotional. Do you feel the empty-nest effect? Yeah. It's -- it's quite emotional. I mean, it's interesting, the connection that you have after all the time you spend, you know? How do you think she's gonna like college? Well, I think that's a very good question because I think that it's, um... it's either gonna ring a bell or it's -- it's gonna make a thud. She's going for music and for theater. Right. That's the reason she's going there. But she likes protecting the people who need protection. And so... It'll be interesting to see what she ends up with. Exactly right. But I hope that she -- what she finds is she finds something that's challenging to her. So -- and respond to that. Olivia: I've just been on the verge of tears for the past like 36 hours. I do not care for it. That's a random bag. It's got toothpaste, your portable charger... - Oh, thank you. - Towels. - How much is left to grab? Um, we're in the final stages here. I've got a couple pillows. Pillows are helpful. Are you good? You got it? Fantastic. - Be right there. - Mom? - Yes, sweet pea? [ Both laugh ] All right. All right. Let's do it. I'm freakin' out. You're gonna be fine. Okay. Okay. Um... Car up. Car up indeed. What time is it? Yep. We should, uh... - Hit the trails. - We should get goin'. Okay. Love you, Dad. Let's do it. [ Vocalizing ] * What goes on here * La, la, la, la * At Beloit We can probably just take this, right? Thomas: I prefer the takin'. Fantastic. Thank you. I love your hair. - I love your hair. Thank you. Hi. Are you new? Uh, yeah. Me too. I'm Olivia. - Hi. - It's nice to meet you. Nice to meet you, too. Love your, like, everything. Thank you. Thanks. Whoops. Hi, cutie. We're here! [ Both laughing ] How are you? We'll go down this way. And your name should be on your door. - All right. Cool. - I found it. Hi. And I fell in love. Ah. Hey. I was their tour guide. So I, like... - She got in on the ground floor. - I did this. We can make the beds go up really tall. Yes. Good. That is -- that is ideal. They also can go on top of each other. But that's not happening. - Not happening. No, no. No. No, no. All right. So here we go. - Things are happening. - Things are indeed happening. Move-in has finished. So I think this is the official beginning of college. Parents are off. Kids are on their own. Now we'll see who they really are. And who I really am or want to be. You guys were super emotional. I was, like, when I went to college, I was, like -- I was like "See ya." I was very ready to get gone. - We sort of -- - We feel fond of our people. Yep. I've had the same home base. And I've never been more than, like, a couple dozen feet away from either of my parents. Yeah. What's the dining hall like? What are the options? - It's amazing. - Oh, it's so great. There's, like, a world option, like, grilled option, like, comfort food. There was a salsa bar today. Oh. Well, cool. This is gonna be the time of our lives, guys. Right? ** ID photos? ID photos are gonna be upstairs and in the southwest corridor. Fantastic. Excuse me. Oh, my gosh. You are so beautiful. Oh, thank you. Did you bring your Social Security card or birth certificate? - No, I don't -- - I didn't either. Perfect. Political science building, science building, and then Pearsons. All right. Let's do it. Let's talk about measuring creativity. You can't measure love. You can't measure beauty. These things have unchanging essence. But it's not possible to measure it. Did you see he was teaching barefoot? Fantastic. Dude, they've got fuckin' SoBe on tap. He's, like, already done with the first glass. He got up to get another glass of the SoBe. Do you live off of SoBe water? No. It's always like 4 bucks. So having it, like, yumberry pomegranate available for free... - I'm happy for you. - It's, like... Thomas: Beloit is a small college, which I think is the reason Olivia picked it. I didn't realize exactly how small it is. Campus is basically two New York City blocks. You can probably walk the whole thing in about 10 minutes. It's almost like an amusement park. Like, College Land or somethin', which is good for, you know, having an environment where you can know everybody and have one-on-one relationship with all your teachers and the people around you. But, um, also raises the stakes. Uh, you know, first impressions count for a lot. And if you screw up with class of, you know, 200 to 300 people, then you're gonna forever be remembered by those first couple weeks' missteps. How's you guys' hall situation, really? Cool folks on it? Our next-door neighbors are really cool. We like them a lot. They are both gender neutral. But one of them was born female. And one of them was born male. And the school has a policy about, like, different halls. You know, guys and girls can live together regardless of gender and whatever. So they were like, "Let's test that theory." And they applied. And the school was like, "Yeah. Go for it." - What's goin' on? - Hi. What's up? We were wondering if you would take us to Walmart at some point tomorrow? - Absolutely. - Thank you. - No. Not a problem. You are the best. I love your dress also. Thank you so much. Willow's mom gave it to me. - Oh, neat. - Very cool. Take care. Thank you. Welcome. Hello. This is Julia and Laura. Hi. Nice to meet you guys. ASM and stage manager. Can I audition for both shows? Or is there a limitation? Yes. You definitely can. - As anybody? - Yes. Thomas: So, Olivia's auditioning for a role in this Christopher Durang play, "Baby with the Bathwater." Is there an actual baby in that? Or is it like a stage prop? - Stage prop. - Stage prop. Okay. Christopher Durang is, uh, not well known outside the world of theater kids. He's very much, like, a theater kid's wet dream of a comedy playwright. So what you're going to do is gonna tell the story of your morning, your morning ritual, anything that comes to mind. You don't have to make anything up. Just share as it is. Well, I woke up at 7:45 because... I -- I don't actually know why it was set to -- I set my alarm to 7:45 for some reason. And I don't know why, but I didn't have to get up till 9:00. I'm staring at my phone. And I don't know why suddenly I have to be awake. My class isn't until 11:00. And my roommate woke up. And she started yelling too because she didn't have to be up until 11:15 either. So we walked over to what is called the Java Joint. And I got the world's worst sandwich. It was just -- it was just lettuce. And it was lettuce and turkey. I wanna make a good first impression because I'm new here. And I think it's important to make a good first impression when you're new in a place. And, uh, that was my morning. Very nice. Kind of fun, huh? Yeah. Turn a little knob and see where it goes. All right? All right. Thank you so much. Thank you so much. Great. - Appreciate it. - Absolutely. All right. Fantastic. And did you wanna audition? Oh, no. I don't wanna take up your time too much. - I think you should do it. - Huh? It is fun. It looks fun. Yeah. So come on up, if you don't mind. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Same spot? If I ask you to describe your childhood home, would you have a place that you could journey through in your mind that would take you through -- or not? Sure. Yeah, yeah. Okay. That's -- that's -- I think so. Okay. So my family moved to a -- it was, like, a little blue, kind of standard suburban home, uh, kind of on the outskirts of Atlanta when I was, mm, like, maybe 2 or so. Sandwiched between two cul-de-sacs. Across the street from another set of houses, and then a creek over there. And the thing with the creek is you could go over there and see all these kids on the other side, like, riding on dirt -- not dirt bikes -- uh, ATVs, like, those little four-wheelers. And we'd go. And we'd just sit with them, our friends on this side of the creek and just watch and imagine what was over there. And there was one kid who had just this mask that he would wear. And we saw him coming down one night, like, crossing the creek on the other side. What we didn't realize was there was one who had something that he'd conceal and kind of, like, sheath. Like, and I saw it come out once. And it was. It was a machete. And this kid would -- would see us. And we'd have to run all -- all the way back behind the Hendersons' house. And one time he came all the way across. And he was, like, he had it out. He had the machete out. And, like, he was wearing this crazy fucking mask. And it's ridiculous that they, like, the parents were all looking and seeing this, like, lunatic teenager running around with this knife. And we're sitting there terrified in their bushes. And no one's fucking doing anything about it. Like, and that was just, like, that was the kind of neighborhood you lived in. Everybody has, like, this, pretty facade on it. Like, everybody talks to their neighbors. But nobody actually gives a shit about what's happening to the kids there. Everybody there is just, like, consumed with their own fuckin' -- just their own lives. Yeah. Continue with the story. Savage beast. We could have had our throats slit right behind Mrs. Henderson. And she wouldn't care about that. It was -- it was bullshit. But, like, that's where everybody grows up, isn't it? Like, you know, like, there's, uh, everybody kind of has their own things goin'. So they're not really worried too much about what's happening. Very nice. Nice work. Horrible. - No, yeah. I figured. - I'm just kidding. Thank you. I am so excited. It's a comedy? Yeah. It's, like, an absurd -- It's an absurdist work by Christopher Durang. I'm really looking forward to it. We always go to see the theater productions. We'll make a special point of going. Yay. Thank you. All right. Onward. Have a good day. Music House is havin' somethin' tonight at like 8:00. - Yeah? - Oh, yeah? How's that? Do you sing? Do you play instruments? What do you play? Cool. How do you do that with whatever length of wood that is? You just have to carry it places. Okay. What does that teach you again? Oh. Wood. Well, no. Not necessarily. That you take up? Okay. What's your name? - Kendra. - All right. Let's do this. Hi. Nice to meet you. I'm Olivia. - Cool ring. - This is Thomas. Thank you. Hi.Thomas. How are you doin'? Theater. Yeah. Anyway, I'll let you do what you were doin'. Come by tonight. It'll be fun. What time is that? - It's at 9:00. - 9:00, okay. Yeah. We got two bands comin' through. Fantastic. Okay. Cool. Great. Good to meet you. - Good to meet you. I really like her. I wanna be friends with her. It was a good starting spot. I talk to strangers a lot. - Good at that. Yeah. Puttin' yourself forward. That was something I never really mastered. - No? - No. First week of school is over. Kind of surprised by how focused the kids are on their work. But I guess at least the first week of school, you do kind of pay close attention to what classes are, if you're a decent student. And that's obviously mostly the point of college. Oh, the other side is socializing. And I haven't seen much of that, which is worrisome, especially for a school kind of this small where you'd hope they would make up for their lack of numbers by, uh, quality. Quality over quantity. But supposedly there's some parties tonight. I don't know what that really entails. I'm so excited. Like, so many of my favorite people are coming to the party tomorrow night. Oh, awesome. You're plannin' on leavin'. When are you gonna go? - I don't know. After the party maybe? That's not too late to embark on an hour drive? No. ** Thomas: So, despite it being the first real weekend of school and presumably the weekend you'd wanna be there for parties and to meet everybody... Olivia: Hey. ...Olivia has chosen to come back to Grayslake, where she grew up. She is holding a party of her own, kind of a belated going away party. - Hi. - It seems a little funny, especially from somebody who seems already so, like, independent and ready to kind of branch out on their own that, um, rather than leaving for college and being there and not wanting to turn back, she's kind of kept her feet firmly in, you know, sort of both puddles. Even choosing Beloit was kind of, I think, largely predicated on the fact that it was close enough to home that she could be here every so often. How often do you think you'll come back? I'd say fairly often. But between this play and my classes, I don't even know if it's a matter of, like, how often I'll wanna be back versus a matter of, like, how often I can afford to be back. But I know that it's gonna be harder for me to adjust to school if I'm coming back here constantly. You know, a lot of kids are so cordoned down in their teenhood that the chance to go to college and be completely cut off from your parents is considered, you know, as a joy and as something you've been waiting for your entire teenage life. Whereas for Olivia, who's been given a pretty wide leash in her teens, maybe it's not quite so exciting. And since she's had a taste of, uh, what's to come, maybe it's a little more, uh, terrifying. I do wonder what we're missing back on campus. It was prime time for findin' parties. You're getting a spatula. He's getting fried eggs. There's a certain performative quality of being in college where you are, like, I am being in college. Like, this is too much theory. But I guess that's what college is. Just college. Just a bunch of college. That's the problem when I don't drink for a while. I get pretty fuckin' drunk. Thank you guys. - Good to meet you. - Yeah. Surf the internet with browser of future osdb.link/brave 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 