Balls Deep: Season 1, Episode 5 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Balls Deep 
 s1e5 - Alaska Natives - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Balls Deep (2016–…): Season 1, Episode 5 - Alaska Natives - full transcript 
 Eskimos and Inuit of Alaska live in some of the harshest environments on Earth. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 [ Native American chanting ] Most American lives operate the same way in the 48 contiguous United States. People go to their jobs, and the jobs give them money, and the money goes to the grocery store, and that's how they get food. No one's really kind of living off the land unless they're, you know, out to prove something, including, you know, most Native Americans. There is still one part of the country, though, where the natives are at the mercy of the land they live on. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 That's here at the ass-edge of the continent in Alaska, where local Inuit and Eskimo people still kill to eat or suffer a pretty hungry winter. [ Woman vocalizing ] Kotzebue is a little Arctic town on a barren, kind of tree-less peninsula out on the Bering Sea. It's a host to an airport, about 3,000 people, 80% of whom are native, and it's where President Obama came to visit the Arctic Circle in the second to last year of his presidency. The majority of the natives are Inupiaq, which is a form of either Inuit or Eskimo, I'm not sure which term is accurate or acceptable. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Regardless, one of these Inupiaq is name Dom Ivanoff, and he is about to go on his last caribou hunt the fall season before freeze-up. And so am I. Me, too. There she is, all of Kotzebue. Ah. [ Church organ plays ] So out that way is what we call the old dump road. Then that direction is the mouth of the Noatak. THOMAS: So if we go to the Noatak, that's the way we're gonna go? Yeah, we'll head that way. Hopefully, we'll -- we'll see some caribou. If they do, they'll come down along this way and migrate inland. You know, early November when all this is frozen out here, it's not uncommon that the last of the herds will walk right on the ice right here in front of town. I've seen as many as 5,000, 6,000 walk through here once. [ Sizzling ] Here's the... - Oh. - Heart and tongue. Yep. How long ago was that in the caribou? This was two, two and a half weeks ago we caught these. You try to fill your freezer before winter comes in? Oh, yeah. The price of meat is outrageous. There are no roads connecting Kotzebue with the rest of Alaska, not even ice roads. So anything that can't be caught or grown in the area has to be flown in from Anchorage or shipped up from Nome at cost, hence grocery store specials like $5 tomatoes and $60 chuck roast. This is why subsistence hunting up here doesn't come with finger quotes around it. If you didn't hunt, you'd pretty much have to be pulling in a six-figure salary just to stay fed. Now we'll let this cook for a little while, then we'll throw some penne in there. I don't know if that's how you say it. I don't speak Italian. I think that's right. Yeah, might as well just do the whole thing. One of the funny things you hear when you go into an elder's house, they'll say things like, "You better eat. You're gonna get cold." You better eat if we're gonna go out hunting. You're gonna get cold. - Okay. As the latitude dictates, life in Kotzebue leans towards the mundane side. Dom works in the I.T. department of the town hospital during the week, hunts on the weekends when he can, and otherwise has to come up with his own fun, especially during the indoor months. Who is that? DOM: Oh, that's me with my Hammer pants. I was bored. - [ Laughs ] That seems to be the root of a lot of things up here. All the bars in Kotzebue were shut down in the '80s after townsfolk overdid it, so night life is pretty much nil, though there is a city-run liquor store next to the town jail where you can buy a daily ration of booze to take to a friend's house. Yeah. You want in on some of this, Thomas? THOMAS: Oh, yeah. None of it's very traditional. It's all just mixed with, like, other recipes. WOMAN: Like, we've eaten all the caribou. I kind of figured enchiladas weren't... - Alaskan native? - Yeah. Do either of you speak Inupiaq? No. I know when I'm getting yelled at by my mom. I never grew up in a Inupiaq-speaking home, so... They don't teach it in schools? Uh, you get one class once or twice a week and... We learn words. - Yeah. I can't -- I can't string a sentence together. You know? [ Laughter ] So Dom, despite hunting out of boats, doesn't own a boat. In fact, his Inupiaq name translates to "man without a kayak." It's apropos. Uh, so we're borrowing a boat from a neighbor named Harley. The whole deal is whatever meat we catch comes back to the community, so, you know, everybody pitches in, everybody gets a little. [ Boy yells indistinctly ] Yes. That might have been Inupiaq. Whoo! Well, this is definitely a meat wagon. One year, I put 20 caribou in this boat. The caribou were stacked about that high over the ridge. Oh, man. There's a lot of elders around here that doesn't get meat, so I go out, and I make sure I get enough for everybody. THOMAS: While hunting is the cheapest way to eat in Alaska, it's nobody's idea of cheap. Gas, gear, and time spent prepping are all a major investment... $45 for 7 1/2 gallons. [ Chuckles ] That's rough. ...one that will hopefully net enough meat for the hunter to make it all the way through winter, as well as his family and some elders of his choosing. Kotzebue is a pretty drab town. It's actually maybe one of the homeliest places I think I've been to in America. It seems like basically a point of embarkation for the wilds all around us, and that's exactly what we're doing. Going upriver. Hans came along, too, to try to shoot some caribou, maybe some seal... so we'll have meat this winter. It's Swan Lake. [ "Swan Lake" playing ] The Swan Lake. It's in Kotzebue. Bet you didn't know that. It's what Tchaikovsky was clamoring about. [ Grunting ] - All right, you ready? - Yeah. Yukon, ho. [ Man singing in Native American language ] Morning. Just fetching Dom's Rockstar Energy Drink, which he refers to as his pre-coffee. It's pretty misty. I don't know, it's gonna be the hunt. Is this mist with us for the rest of the day, or is it gonna...? Normally, we would hike up one of these ridges and look in this valley. - Yeah. But you're not gonna be able to see anything. You know, this is probably the first time I've ever cooked a breakfast next to a... bear scratch post. [ Laughs ] - That makes two of us. You notice that grizzly? Right here. Comes right along here, and then there's a kind of a trail through the willows right there. - Oh, that's a bear trail? Yeah. So should we be camping here if this is on a bear trail? Um, usually you just have to take your precautions. Isn't that one of the precautions? Normally, you wouldn't want to be on the -- on the bear trail, but this is part of the land that we're looking at acquiring. That's bear shit. A polar bear's. Is it? I saw that, okay. I thought that was just crunched-up flowers. No, bear shit. Okay. Been stepping all in it. [ Laughs ] What's the deal with the land ownership out here? What we're on is a native allotment. - Yeah? - And, yeah, we got permission from the guy that owns it to use it. Native allotments are one category of land ownership in the confusing pizza pie that is the map of Alaska. Native lands were divided up through a series of laws starting in 1906 and ending with the Native Claims Act of 1971, which established all the native corporations and gave them 44 million acres of Alaskan land to split up between themselves and their members. My mom, her family just wasn't proactive when families were allowed to pick out traditional lands used. I don't think people realized that that was their chance, you know? - Yeah. If we could go back... Be like, "Grandma... pick out that land!" Do you guys see anything up there? No. A lot of bear shit. Fresh? Uh, how fresh was it, Hans? Old. Old. I couldn't tell. Neither Dom nor Hans are full-blooded Inupiaq. Dom is half, and Hans is, I believe, a quarter, which may sound a little eugenics-y for us to talk about, but it's a big deal in Native communities. Blood quantum is the measure of what percent you are native by birth, and it's used to determine who can and can't legally join Native corporations, which grants you access to things like scholarships and dividends from the State Permanent Fund. The blood quantum requirement is usually 25% or higher, which seems reasonable to start with, but gets tricky a few generations down the line. In a few generations, we're just gonna be no shareholders left. You're just gonna have to have kids with your cousins. [ Laughter ] [ Grunts ] Yep, caribou. Oh, I see it. Like, right there. There's a... group of caribou there. Mostly cows and calves, maybe one bull that I see right now. Probably at least a dozenish. Yeah, they -- they're looking this way. Is that a good sign that there's that many? Uh, that's not a whole lot, actually. There's uh... roughly 200,000 animals in this herd, they figure. And that's 15. - Oh. - They're trending downward. Why is that? They ebb and flow, like everything else. Okay. Uh-oh, they're standing up. Yep, there they go. Caribou is the main meat for fall subsistence hunters. But it's also season for moose, musk ox, and seal jacks, which are like baby seals, but a little older. So I guess teenager seals. [ Gunshot ] Was that low? MAN: You were just about on it. [ Gunshot ] He went down. [ Man chanting in Native American language ] My foot's cramping. Right in front, right in front! - Right over it. - Turn it around. [ Gunshot ] - Way over. This one's been shot at before. You can tell. Right there, to the right. Went down. Yeah, it would have been nice if we would have been able to chase him where there's no waves. Yeah, when you're looking in the scope, it's doing this, you know? So I'm not holding a gun right now, or a harpoon, not because I've got a problem with seal hunting -- I don't, seriously. I'm getting used to things. But because it's illegal for not just non-residents of Alaska to hunt seals, but I believe non-Natives, too, right? Yeah, you have to be Alaskan Native. THOMAS: Because of where they live, the Inupiaq were some of the last natives to come in contact with the white man. While Russians, then Americans spent centuries brutalizing the bottom half of Alaska, nobody really bothered coming this far north. It wasn't until the Nome Gold Rush at the turn of the 20th century that white folks began invading Inupiaq turf, mostly prospectors looking for treasure in said turf and slightly more savory missionaries, looking for the Inupiaq themselves -- specifically their souls. [ Moose call sounds ] That's how I was taught to do it. THOMAS: Some fog's kind of come in, which screws with our ability to see caribou or moose -- or even seals, really. With this level of fog, kind of using the moose call as an optional last resort. And having some snacks, you know. I think. I think Hans has some muktuk, which is whale skin with blubber attached. It's a delicacy. Some beluga muktuk. Just grab it, hand or fork. - Oh, by hand. - Yeah. Try it first. Yep. Go raw and then dip. That is distinctive. It's good. It barely tastes edible. It's good, though. What I imagine candle tallow would taste like, if you were allowed to eat it. - Okay, one more. - Yep. It's all you. - It's pretty good, actually. - Cook that up. [ "Swan Lake" plays ] DOM: That's a small bull. Oh, Hans, where are you at? HANS: I'm over here. Do we try and go after that moose? It's up to you, man. Okay, we'll put on over to you. Okay. Is...? Yeah, he was standing right here. Right here? I wonder if I should run back. Fresh moose tracks right here. [ "Swan Lake" plays ] There's nothing up there, not that I could see. Yep. Well? Well, is he back? Yeah. It's a little rough. Been a nice hunt, but it would be sad to come back without anything -- not just, you know, for our pride, but this is, you know, meat that they live off of all winter, which elders in the community live off of, too. Dom's ex-mother-in-law, Marlene, isn't quite an elder yet, but she was also promised some meat from our trip. Fortunately, there are traditional fallbacks for when individual hunts like ours go tits-up. In the olden days, Inupiaq hunters would dig a hole in the permafrost, called a sigluaq, to store extra food in case of hunger. Marlene's sigluaq is more of an ice box than an ice hole, but it still serves the same purpose. As for the actual elders, Cyrus Harris started a program where he takes in in hunters' surplus meat and chops them up for hungry elders. By the way, you want to guess what his program's called? He calls it Sigluaq, you know, like the hole. What's this you've been working on? That's trout for our elders pot luck at the long-term care this evening. Here we got some of our caribou carcasses. This is the hindquarters, the back half. That's amazing. Why does it smell so sweet in here? It's a -- it's a scented aroma of wild game! I guess so. Did you want to get a taste of this sushi? Sure, yeah. Oh, that's good. - Yes. - That's actually really good. I like that. Fish simple. - Yeah. I'd always heard growing up, like, like, don't say Eskimo, because Eskimo means -- is it raw -- raw fish eater? Yeah. But that -- that shouldn't be a slur at all. - No, not at all. - Raw fish is delicious. You know, I wouldn't -- I wouldn't think so. Whoops. Sorry. How did you end up doing this? Well, you know, I used to be able to live out in the country and make ends meet by trapping, dog racing, you know. But gas prices went up, health prices went down. So it got somewhat harder to live out in the country. Oh. So I had to come into town to look for work. I was just fortunate enough to find this one particular job. THOMAS: Serving the elders traditional food isn't just important for sentimental reasons or because it's tradition. This is the diet their people have been eating for thousands of years. It's what their genes are used to eating. MARLENE: The Western diet that we've adopted is taking its toll on us. We used to actually eat off the land and, you know, meat and veggies. There really wasn't a lot of starch up here. And then we don't go out and do the things that we did before. You know, we don't walk the miles and miles we used to go. Now we have four-wheelers and trucks. Thomas, you better eat. You're gonna get cold. Yeah, yeah. I promise I've been eating. WES: Once again, here in Kotzebue, we're looking at some cloudy skies. The winds have picked up. They're still easterly. East at 15, and the temperature has jumped up to 43 degrees. Wes Goodwin here. We're gonna bring you live music from KOTZ Studios. We have LeRoy and Friends, right here on KOTZ. * Then sings my soul * My Savior God to me * How great Thou art * How great Thou art So this is Cemetery Hill. My sister is buried there. She passed away last fall. - Sorry. And the my father is two crosses over. Taught me a lot of stuff. I told everybody that I know, I said, "Don't bury me." You wouldn't have a casket big enough. Just... bury me, spread me, and have a shot of whiskey or something in my honor. That's -- That would be -- That would be what I'd want. I don't want it to be a sad day. Are most Natives Christian, or do -- Yeah, I would say a good percentage of them are. We have the Quaker -- Quaker Friends Church is real dominant religion in the region, I would say. Do people also practice old beliefs? You hear stories every now and then of someone that... says they might practice shamanism or something like that, but I would say that's died off. It's one of the things I remember hearing when I was a kid. You know, shaman would be able to turn into a fireball and go to wherever they needed to go. That would be nice. I wouldn't mind us turning into a fireball right now, to be warm. - I was the same bad. [ Upbeat music plays ] Well, welcome to the Kotzebue long-term care elders pot luck here. Here we have bearded seal with blubber pieces. That's seal meat? You're gonna love that, that seal meat. - Looks like barbecue. - Yeah, exactly. Unfortunately, after our elders moved into long-term care, they get restricted of having their traditional foods menu because a lot of these foods are not USDA approved. - Right. - And, well, with the Farm Bill that recently got passed, we can now feed traditional foods into schools, hospitals, senior centers. It is very rich, though. It is -- It is very strong. [ Laughter ] THOMAS: We usually think of tradition as the part of a culture with the weird hats and the dancing and you jump over the fire 'cause the spirits. * He will save your... While Inupiaq life in Kotzebue just looks like rural life anywhere in America, there's a deeper sense of tradition subsumed in their everyday life. * He's your Savior now They look out for their elders, they go out hunting every weekend to make sure the community can eat -- even if they do it with non-traditional implements like guns and powerboats. This all comes from an environment where there's really no room for superfluous traditions. If a hat or a ritual or a spirit doesn't help you survive in the Arctic, then you get rid of it and you find something that works. Which kind of makes Inupiaq culture even more resilient than some group with all their old hats and dances, when you think about it. By the way, Eskimo and Inuit are correct. But if you want to be classy, call them Inupiaq, or friend. [ Applause ] 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 