Balls Deep: Season 2, Episode 4 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Balls Deep 
 s2e4 - T-Girls - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Balls Deep (2016–…): Season 2, Episode 4 - T-Girls - full transcript 
 Two transwomen from the Bronx navigate the difficulties, rushes, and drag balls of transitioning in 2016, with the support of their newly assembled gay families. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 ** Chanel: I started transition, like, at 33. Like, I'm gonna be 41 now. To be honest, I didn't even know that that community existed. Like, to me, you was either gay or lesbian, although I never considered myself a gay man. I always felt like a woman. Thomas: Is 33 late to start transitioning? It's never too late to start transitioning. Thomas: The difference between gender and sex 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 is something most people outside of college students don't give much thought to. In essence, sex is what your body is biologically born as, whereas gender is described by gender studiers like Judith Butler, is a social role you form in everyday life. As a cisgender male, it's easy to take for granted that my sex and gender are roughly equivalent. Even having a term for it like cis is something of a novelty to me but for members of the trans-community, whose sex and gender don't align, this distinction is the defining fact of their lives. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Last two years seemed to heighten awareness of trans-people across mainstream America, from successful depictions of trans-life such as tangerine and transparent to those chuckleheads down in North Carolina trying to legislate who can use what bathroom. The media has chosen to tell the story of trans-rights through the lens of trans-celebrities such as Caitlyn Jenner and Laverne Cox. But suffice to say the average trans-woman is neither a Caitlyn Jenner nor Laverne Cox. They don't have those kind of resources at their disposal nor the full support of Hollywood. Ti'aira Chanel and Chanel "International," no relation, are two trans-women who live in the Bronx. Chanel works for a trans and gay rights advocacy group and started her transition a little on the later side. Ti'aira, on the other hand, is in her early 20s from Memphis, Tennessee, and just graduated from a life of sex work. Friday night, we're on the Christopher Street Pier, it's been epicenter for, I guess both the gay community and specifically the trans community for at least as long as it's been since they shot "Paris is Burning." Ti'aira used to do sex work out here, now she comes and I think just hangs out with friends. Why do you pat my belly fat like that? You know I'm mad fucking fat. Thomas: Got out of that racket, fortunately, but it's still the spot, it's where you come to hang out. You see her body? Look her booty. - Oh, wow. - [ Laughing ] That's that good chocolate. Made with buttermilk. [ Laughing ] Ti'aira: I used to work out here doing sex work. The stroll is over there. You can turn dates over there, I would turn dates all through here. Thomas: How did you end up coming to the -- starting to come out here to the pier? How did you know about it? I started doing this when I was like 18 because somebody, like, told me about this and then that's when I started coming out here. Man, I had to sleep out here at one point before I got myself together. - Really? You know, I sleep all the way over there. I sit at Port Authority, all types of shit back in those days. You know, I don't never be like, you know, "Oh, my God," like some people, they be like, "You homeys went through this." I thank God for every aspect that I went through in my life 'cause it made me who the fuck I am. - Yeah. - And I won't take it back, I won't regret nothing. - How long ago was that? Um, I just stopped, like, sex work, you know, like, over six months ago, so... - Okay. - It's a little over six months. Pretty recent. Now, is there -- is there a lot of HIV these days still? - Yeah. - Among trans-girls? I figured it -- you know, you don't hear about it in the news as much. Because our people are now, like, open, you know what I'm saying, about it. - Mm-hmm. - You know, like I am and I'm open about it. - Right. You know, and I help people within my community, you know, who are. I don't care who, you know what I'm saying? Because at the end of day, they haven't been through the struggles that I have and that's why I feel like it's very important that they raise trans jobs so a lot of people don't resort to no fucking sex work so they won't be in my shoes. - Yeah. - You know what I'm saying? Chanel: This is what they call the drag-queen process. [ Laughing ] All of this just for three minutes of, of being on stage. Have you ever worn makeup? - Um, not a lot of it. - Not a lot of it? I used to be like kind of goth in high school, so I put on, like, eye makeup and shit. You know I was gothic at one point? - Were you? - Oh my God! I always had this obsession of wanting to be a vampire. Ooh. Is what you do -- do you consider it drag, or is that a different thing? So back then, we didn't like being called drag queens because of, you know, drag queens are men that live as men and dress up as women. - Okay, yeah. At first they came up with this dumb titty queens. Shit. And I was like, "Ohhh," so, you know, but then a couple of girls started saying, "No, honey, we're showgirls." Who came up with titty queens? [ Laughs ] What's the feelings in, like, the LGBT world about passing? Is that considered being in the closet or is it -- Well, passing means that, you know, you can just go anywhere and, like, any regular, normal cisgender individual. People don't look at it as, like, turning away from the community? Because if anything, like, I applaud it when a trans-girl goes for the full surgery and, you know, just lives a productive life. What have you had done and what do you want to get done? Right now, I'm just chemically castrated. And so that's just to -- to stop the testosterone? Yeah. This is what I'm putting on my nipples. How do they stay? Is there, like, an adhesive? Man: Um, crazy glue. Oh, okay, doesn't that pull off your skin when you take them off? Ah, pain is beauty. What you thinking about, Thomas? Hmm? Excited for the performance. - Oh, yeah. - I am too. I can't imagine. Here you go. Yes, Thomas I got you dressing me now. [ Laughing ] Try to be helpful. Woman: Okay, ladies and gentlemen, our next entertainer. She's an activist, she's a model, she's a performer and she's also one of my drag sisters. Well, she's not a drag, she's a woman. Ladies and gentlemen, let's give it up for Chanel "International." Make some noise, I want to hear some noise. Make noise over there, Over here, make noise. [ Speaking Spanish ] * You ain't never met a girl * I'm different, I know * They tell me stop and I go * They think that I should fit in * * I think it's cool that I don't * * ...in the room, I know * You ain't never met a girl like me * * You ain't never met a girl like me * * You ain't never met a girl like me * [ Applause ] Thomas: Chanel, in addition to being a performer is also a sort of trans-mom to a young family of gay men. It's kind of a survival mechanism for people whose real families may have, you know, kicked them out over their realized identity. You know, is, like, organizing families -- is that, like, common in the community? It's real common in the community because as I have said, a lot of parents don't accept their kids when they're coming out of the closet or even transitioning. So, it's the only crew who I feel safe with. Has she always been in this building? Oh, my God, I was born and raised here. I don't have the key, so it's gonna get ghetto right now. [ Laughing ] It took a little for my mom to come around. She was just a little confused. Like, "Okay, what's going on?" Grandma? This is my mommy, come here, Mom. Actually can you do a braid on me because it's way too hot? I need my neck to breathe. Did I tell you how I got the name Chanel? Thomas: No, I was gonna ask you that. Oh, my God, that feels so much better. So, when she came to the United States she couldn't afford nothing, right? So when she started working, her first perfume was Chanel. - Number five? - Number five. She gave me the -- she gave me the name Chanel, and she didn't even know what it was for. [ Laughing ] When did you tell your mom and grandma about... Like you know who knew? My sister Sarah. I had, like, an idea with that, but then one day we went to a wedding, we went outside to... [speaks Spanish] And he... And she. I keep getting confused. And she mentioned something about it. So I told her remember to this day, I said, "Whatever decision you make, I'm gonna support you, I'm with you, but remember that any decision that you make, it was not gonna affect just you. it's gonna affect your family and all your friends, so think about it." And we come out of this wedding and -- Chanel: Mom was -- you was upset a little 'cause you thought you did something wrong. But that was because he -- she called me. [ Laughing ] At the moment, you know, I felt bad, I said, "You know, what did I do wrong?" Yeah, I was like, "Mom, you didn't do nothing. You are fine. I've always been like this, you know, there's nothing wrong. I'm miserable being the person -- I'm in the wrong body." Yeah, she has gone through a lot, um, lot of things I didn't know, was unaware of, but I'm very proud of her, she has helped a lot of people. Bye. Bye, mom. Bye. Thomas: We talked about going out tonight. - Like, go to the stroll area? - Yeah. There's actually a stroll over here, Fordham. Oh, yeah? Old Fordham. - Yeah. - Oh, by the university? Yeah, what do you know about that? 'Cause you was like, "Old Fordham." Well, I know -- - Are you gay? - No, I'm not. Oh, okay. I was going to say, 'cause like Butch Queens be out there, too. Okay, what are Butch Queens? Butch Queens is for gay men that like men. Okay. I thought you were a Butch Queen, I'm sorry. - Oh, okay, yeah. - You see, you know, some people just be thinking wrong shit, you know. - That's fine, yeah. - And I might be into that. Yeah, I thought you was gay and I was like, "Oh, what the fuck do you know about out there? Are you out there tricking?" - Yeah. No. You was like, "Oh, yeah, Fordham." I was like, "Shit." It's gonna be return of the queen coming out here. Stand down here by myself between the cars, see the headlights and, like, zoom out here, show a little titty. Yeah. Show a little titties or something and see exactly are they trying to pick up or whatever. How you doing? Good. Cha cha. [ Laughs ] Cha cha. I haven't seen you forever. I know I am. You see how big. I done blew up, bitch. Miss Makai: How are you? - Hello, how you doing? - Look at the full moon. I see her, I got my candles in my house now. One day or two that I'm out here 'cause it's not my usual. I live out in Staten Island. Thomas: You come all the way up here from Staten Island? - I sure do. - Wow. I come -- I come to tip toes for the tulips. We are getting a sightseeing tour of the oldest -- this is the Drum Avenue stroll? What's the name of this stroll, Fordham? Yeah, the Fordham stroll. Fordham stroll... that Ti'aira used to... Did you say you stroll here or is it just a stroll? - It's a stroll. - Okay. There's probably like many, many more, but this is the only one that I knew about, like, this is the one that girls like, "Okay, this is where we're going to go make our money," and this is where I actually make money at. This was like the mirror that I used to check on back in the day I remember there used to be me right there, Yummy right there. We used to be switching. Yo, this shit was crazy. This was the shit. This is where we going to school at. Starting in the fall. I actually got accepted. Just got to do a couple of paperwork. That's crazy, so you're going to... This is Monroe, where you're going? Yeah. That's where you used to stroll. This was the stroll. That's got to be strange. I never knew, like, even back then, I never knew that I will be going to school right here, let alone living in the Bronx in my own apartment. I never thought that I could do it before. That's wild. You know, so now that I'm actually doing it, like I got my apartment here and I'm going to college here. It's basically almost the same. Chanel works at the New York Anti-Violence project down in the Financial District. Do a lot of work with at-risk communities, including the trans-community, preventing violence, domestic violence, problems with police, any number of things, and they also just help people who are clients do things like find work, find housing. And so Ti'aira's come down to see what kind of options there are. The conference room is here. When we hear of a trans-woman who just got, you know, murdered or something, it comes through here, we put out the -- we put it in the report, um... How often does that happen? Too much. I mean recently, like just two, one, two days ago another trans-girl was murdered in Columbia -- Columbus, Ohio. I didn't even hear about that. When this happens, it's not publicized, like, it's very quiet. So what we do is when we hear stuff like that, we send an alert, a community alert and we end up, um, putting it out on social media and we let -- we make everyone aware. It makes me nervous. That's why I'm like, I'm not built like the way I used to be, as far as handling a man in a fight, like, I'm broken down over time. There you go, now you're following us and now you'll know and you'll see those alerts pop up in your timeline. - I see everything, I see... - Oh, it's a Facebook thing? Mm-hmm, yeah. - I don't have Facebook. - You don't have Facebook? - No. - Aw. You can have a seat. So, I heard you are interested in possibly, you know, coming to AVP. Ti'aira: Mm-hmm. And, you know, I just wanted to let you know the services that we offer. We do have referrals, whether it would be for housing, whether it would be HRT, you know, or any medical reason. We try to meet everyone's needs that are coming through the door. Okay, I feel like my mental not connected to my spiritual, my spiritual not connected to my physical because it's, like, I feel like I'm unbalanced a little bit. Like I'm trying to do -- I'm doing so much and I'm pulling back. I'm pulling back. I'm trying to work on life. Listen, you have to take care of yourself first, put yourself first. I've learned this the hard way, right, because I used to be like that. It was like, I wanted to just help everyone and just put my priorities and my needs aside and I have to step back a little and be like, "No, I need to take care of myself first and I need to do what I need to do for me and if I'm not gonna -- if I want to -- if I have a goal, it's not gonna happen because someone gave it to me, it's gonna happen because I went and got it." Thank you, that was inspiring. [ Laughing ] That was inspiring. She gave me a little, you know, like, "Okay, all right, take care of myself." So just let me know whenever you are ready. I want to schedule an appointment today. Okay, okay, do you know what? As a matter of fact, let me check my calendar. I'm still performing. Okay, okay, okay. - There's a ball? - Yeah. Where? I haven't been to the ball for such a long time. This is gonna be my debut for this one, so I'm gonna come out. Oh, you're gonna -- you're gonna participate? Oh, wow. - It says open to all, so whoever's there, whether you are in a house or not, you can walk, you can walk as a 007. I'm thinking of 0.5cc, which is a 40 shot milligram, which is a month's supply. Sometimes I... because I like certain things to be on point. - Isn't there a risk of that? - Yeah. I can get a heart attack, I can, like, have blood clots. That's pretty big risks. Yeah. All for the love of being feminine. Now, is this, is this estrogen or just the T-blocker? - This is estrogen. That was nice. - What does it feel like? Like I feel like I am a woman, bitch, and I am here. [ Laughing ] Like Facer and Andre are gonna be there, you pretty sure they gonna be there, right? I'm pretty sure they gonna be there. So tonight's Rumble Ball. Heritage Ball was last night. that's the second biggest drag ball in the city. Now, this is a cute color. Ti'aira is planning on walking in realness, which is a category where you are just your normal self. Yeah, realness just is like everyday realness, like nobody want to know who you, like, you're real, you're passable in a way, so that's what realness is. Oh, yeah, and don't call anybody at the ball fierce. - Fierce? - Yeah. - Why? - That's a bad term. Really? I thought it was a compliment. No, that's how it was back then with RuPaul and all these people. - Yeah. Tell them that they are cont if they're beautiful. What's that? You hear me say it. Like I'm cont and the girls are like, "Yes, I am cont." Cont means beautiful. I'm telling you just don't call anybody fierce. Okay. Thomas: I'll be walking in the category of fashion express. The only instructions are take us on a journey to a foreign land where the best dressed rule. You are getting judged by seven people on a panel. If you can get judged by them and take it, you can face the world. You don't give a damn what nobody says about you. Oh, it's like "Home Alone" level aftershave. - [ Laughs ] - Damn. Can I show you what I have and see if it makes sense or not? - Yeah. - Okay. Borrowed a dress, but I think that might be too draggy, especially -- you don't have an extra -- you don't have a wig, do you? No. Black shoes? - No. - Okay. And then there is a straight up... - No. - No? - No. - Okay. [ Laughing ] Should I just try it and see what it looks like? - Yeah. - Okay. I don't think that you -- I'll be honest, I don't think you should wear it because we didn't like take the time, but this is close to a cultural... place. ** Thomas: So tonight's the Rumble Ball. I was going to come in drag, but then I realized that's not true to trans-ness, that's just transvestitism. So here I am as this, some sort of weird version of myself in Nigerian garb. Let's see how I do. ** Emcee: 3, 2, 1. Category is up -- Walking best dressed? Come on. Judges, best dressed. Give him a round of applause. Anybody else? 5, 4, 3, 2, 1. [ Speaking indistinctly ] I just got chopped hard, chopped hard. Oh, my God. Is it usual to get chopped for my category that has nobody else in it? Doesn't feel good to be chopped but ball culture isn't all there is to being trans. It's just one little facet, it's kind of like, I mean, ball culture's intense like free masonry meets some sort of weird, like, late-night fashion show. So I think it showed to me that everybody thought that I was real but next to that girl she was realer than me. - Okay. - In their eyes. So this is my first time I didn't get chopped, so... Yeah? Hey, congrats. Thomas: I was originally gonna come out and, you know, wear a wig and try to take hormones and stuff like that, but that's not what transitioning is, those are the, you know, surface elements of it. I think a lot of the hang-ups people have all stems from their misconception that, you know, being trans is a choice, that it's a lifestyle that you adopt, that being trans is as simple as deciding you want to be a woman, putting on the clothing, even, you know, taking hormones is seen as just an extreme version of that decision, when these are actually, you know, extremely heavy, irreversible commitments that people who are trans take. They take for a medical reason as, like, under the influence of their doctors to correct a problem with their body, gender dysphoria. The true feeling being trans is being true to yourself and to who you feel is your gender so that's what I did here for better or worse even though I was chopped immediately. It's not the best, but it's not the worst, you know, give him a shot, at least he tried. I was against nobody, too. Surf the internet with browser of future osdb.link/brave 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 