Balls Deep: Season 1, Episode 6 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Balls Deep 
 s1e6 - Orgasmic Meditators - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Balls Deep (2016–…): Season 1, Episode 6 - Orgasmic Meditators - full transcript 
 Thomas joins an enclave of new age seekers in So Cal in an effort to put his finger on the pulse of femininity. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 [ Woman moans ] [ Inhales deeply ] WOMAN: Exhale redefine, and then push your hands down and lift up to plank. Whoosh! Like a beast. Yeah. Oh yeah! And start to just stir it up. You're gonna feel it a lot... - Yes. - ...right there. Oh yeah. Namaste. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Namaste. ** I'm not the world's most masculine guy, but I know what I am and what I am is a man with all the social hullabaloo that goes along with it. Like many men before me, I've longed for that ultimate pearl of knowledge, which is to step outside the male mind and experience firsthand the inner workings of the female. While my own male conditioning and East Coast upbringing have taught me to look askant at anything that calls itself enlightenment or spiritual awakening, at least without the use of drugs, I realized I'm never going to pierce the veil of womandom 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 until I give it the old college girl try. So, I've come to America's feminine side, the West Coast, to see if I can blow my male mind wide open... man. Hi. - Hello, Thomas. - How's it going? - Good. Come on in. All right. - How are you? I'm Thomas. You brought your hiking boots. Yeah, I didn't know what kind of hike it was. If it was sneaker hike or... - You're ready -- yeah, well... - ...or a real hike. Definitely not those. It's definitely a real hike. It's California. - Okay. Angela is kind of big into a bunch of the spiritual scenes out here. She sort of your classic, you know, SoCal New Age seeker type. We gonna go hiking today, which, uh, I don't know, I never really thought of as spiritual, but maybe it is. ** Like spending time in nature to me is like, it teaches me things Okay. Like, there's the natural world and I just feel like all of the lessons are, like, right here. Was your family super spiritual growing up or...? I would say my family was super religious... - Oh. - ...growing up. I was raised Christian and in those teachings and I still love those teachings, but it was different. Now, I just have a much more sort of expanded awareness and understanding part of spirituality. For me is like -- it's like seeing God in everything. - Yeah. - Yeah. Which is not exactly -- Which is not the teaching that I grew up with. No, okay. Me neither. It was very like, bearded guy in clouds. Right? In clouds. Like, imagine as an African-American woman, like, thinking that the overall authority figure in all of life is a white guy with the beard. Right. What do your spiritual... - Yeah. -...practices encompass these days? Yeah, well, one really big practice that I have now is, um, OM-ing, which is uh, orgasmic meditation. - Oh, really? I've been practicing that for about a year and half now. Oh, okay. Orgasmic meditation is a pretty recent attempt at, uh, unlocking female energies that, uh, started as many as these things seem to do in San Francisco. A woman named Nicole Daedone developed it. And I felt like I had tasted a truth that was so undeniable I had to bring it to the world. Angela: OM-ing is a 15 minute partnered practice where the stroker, um, strokes the upper left-hand quadrant of a woman's clitoris with, uh, no agenda. So it's not about, like, let me, like, climax her or let me, you know, whatever. The only point of it is to feel, is to bring all of your full attention, both peoples full attention to that point of contact and feel. Well, I first found out about it three years ago, and then I was like, this is really, really weird. One of the practitioners there was just like, "Try it, see if you like it, and then you'll just know." I think one of the most important things that happened for me was, um, like, God and orgasm actually came together on the mat for me. - Hmm. - Which sounds a little abstract, but it's like it's the feeling that I feel when I pray and I felt it in my OM's. - Oh. - Except that it was like, in the body bringing all your attention to one part a clitoris, which is small already, that has, like, over 10,000 nerve endings and seeking to stay conscious at that point of contact. - Yeah. - Whoa. - Hello. - Hi, Eli. - How's it going? - Hi. - Good. - Good to see you. Thomas: Since orgasmic meditation is not just the most interesting sounding of Angela spiritual practices, obviously, but also the most woman-centric, I was curious if there's any way that I could participate in it. So Angela invited over an OM-ing instructor for dinner, who weirdly enough turned out to be guy, a former Apple Genius Bar Genius named Eli. No, OneTaste is, um -- That's the organization that -- Yeah. OneTaste is the organization that teaches OM. So it's like there's Apple, which has the iPod where at OneTaste, we have orgasmic meditation. Here in Los Angeles we have a -- a large community people who practice, and we have classes about twice a month. Cool. We have practice sessions a few times a week. People want this. People are really hungry for this. We're doing something very new here, which is that we have, um, organized practice with community involving genitals, and there's not a lot of positive context for that in the world. It's not common. No. ** Breath normally, naturally, and you can place your attention on the breath if you mind begins to wander. Just always bring it back to the breath, watching the inhalations and the exhalations. Sh-sh-should I have my eyes closed, or -- - Oh, yeah. Sorry. - Okay. That's okay. Yeah. So with the eyes closed, you just let go of everything and there's nowhere to go and there's nothing to do. Let go of anything that's coming later. Just for this moment, we're present and we're here. ** [ Bell dings ] How was that for you? - It was good. It was, it was tricky not to get frustrated when my mind's wandering. I remember when I first started meditating, I was like great, this is the perfect time for me to go through all my to-do lists. Because I'm a visual person, I'll mind-map it out, like, my talks and stuff that I do. Mind-mapping is fun. It's hella, hella, hella, hella fun. We start out with a core idea. - Mm-hmm. Will be a topic that you would want? Um, I guess, like, women. I like to draw shapes just to like, do that. I'm gonna give you the marker. - Okay. What is it that you want to know about women? Uh... ** So this is really interesting cause what -- For me, what, what this is starting to look like... Oh, it started with women, but it's actually, maybe actually it's orgasm. Oh. This is a great way to see like, a cohesion in things that don't always immediately seem cohesive. - Yeah. Or immediately seem like they have threads. Cool. I feel good starting this. - Yeah. - Okay. Maybe I should take it with me and... Yeah. ** So I've been reading, uh, Angela's Slow Sex Guide, which includes rudimentary instructions on OM-ing, orgasm mediation, but, um, Eli, who works for OneTaste, which is the organization that does orgasmic meditation is coming by this Airbnb I've rented... [ Engine revs ] ...to basically do like, home instruction, I guess. Hey. - Yeah. Hey. You can -- Sorry. Door's open. You can come in. - Hey, how's it going? - Good. How are you? Good. Nice place. Thank you. It's a rental. Wherever. I don't know where -- where's good to, um, to do it. You can -- I can show you the rest of the house, too. Yeah, let's just have a look around. This couch feels kind of junky. We can move the pillows around. Sorry I've been -- Here we go. Oh. Have a seat. Okay. So we -- we'll talk little bit about the practice before we, uh, actually dive into, like, the actual nest and all those pieces. This is intense. This is. This is intimate. - Yeah. - Yeah. So, um... [ Sighs ] ...how about we start here? As men, we are never taught that we have to learn the feminine language. That's like the best medium fit I think of ever seen in my entire life. - Like a glove. Which is not just a spoken language, though it's a big part of it, but it's largely unspoken. You're doing great so far. - Thanks. - Yeah. So it's intuition-based, it's feeling-based. Not just I feel happy or sad, but I'm feeling something in connection with what you're feeling. This washcloth is here just to, at the end of the OM, you collect any excess lube. - Oh, okay. - Okay? - Okay. For drips. - Yeah. So you're learning how to just connect inside of this 15 minute thing with no goal, which also means you're not trying to make her climax. So, this is the basic position your hand is going to be in, but you're going to turn downwards. You're not trying to produce any particular result in her body. This thumb is going to be pulling the hood of clitoris back, clitorises have hoods. - Yep. - You're not trying to, um, dictate what's going to happen in this situation at all other than following the electricity, which happens at the connection point between your finger and her clit. There is a way that you're going to be so tuned in to what's happening in her pussy that no matter what else is happening with her, your sense of what's true is going to be so unequivocal that it's gonna change your life. That's what this practice offers. And the fact that stroking pussy just feels good. Thomas: Right. Thomas: So, while orgasmic meditation is a very, like, specific practice. You know, it's that time frame and very precise rules. Um, it's part of a greater program. Uh, there's, first of all, there's a movement called the Slow Sex movement. This is like its central text. It lends itself towards a, you know, kind of holistic model of living, which I always wrote of as just hippie speak, la, la, like organic or all-natural, but it means like you don't, you know, just do OM-ing and then go back to your life as a shithead lawyer screaming in traffic. You're supposed to live according to what, you know, you learn from the consciousness expansion of OM-ing. Ultimately, I think it is just, you know, being mindful of your body and your sanity. So a lot of the OneTaste people do, like, really intensive yoga and they're very into fancy juices. I don't think it necessarily, like, needs to be that, like, SoCal granola. I think just getting a little bit of exercise and not working yourself to death is really what, uh, the maxim is. Yo. - Hey. What's up, man? - Morning. How are you? - How's it going? - It's going. - A little uh... - Hi. - Hey. Good morning. - How you doing? - A little work break. Cool. - Hey, this is my friend Marcus. - How you doing? - Hey. - Thomas. - Thomas, good to meet you. - We run, we're, we're half of OneTaste to Los Angeles. Cool. Good to meet you. Yeah. ** Oops. Oh. OM-OM-ing does not add to athleticism. - Right. - No? - There are a lot of benefits -- - But that's not one of them. - Athleticism isn't one of them. - I don't know about that. - Okay. - I think I got something. What are -- What are the -- the non-- like, nonsexual benefits? There's benefits from your yoga practice that influence your reading practice that influence how you eat. - Oh! Shit! Sorry. You know. It just so happens that there is, uh, a specific context that OM happens inside of that make it potentially more conducive for the "sexual benefits." - Yeah. -How did you get involved Marcus? Well, how I heard about OM was, uh, my ex-girlfriend, uh, told me about it. And -- And her and I -- [ Laughs ] we had -- I mean, we just had -- we had terrible sex, you know. And that, that was really like my... - Whoop! ...my pain that brought me to the practice. My pride didn't want to -- didn't want to admit that. I-I needed practice in -- in -- or I needed a practice in how to stroke a woman's pussy or -- or know a woman's pussy or that stroking it at all would bring my benefits. Let's go, you ball. Ooh. That thing's sharp. Well, gentlemen. That might be the game right there. It's fine. ** I love coming here. I spend hours in here. Thomas: What are you looking at mostly? Do you -- It kinda depends on what I'm working with. You know, all of these are, like, they're tools. - Yeah. - You know, they're tools for exploring the consciousness. Talismans. What's this guy? Have you seen one of those? It says... - It's like a -- - ...mineral science technology. Yeah, like it has minerals in there and then you wear it. - Oh, you wear it. Etheric flow, inspiration, meditation, contemplation. Intuition. I need to give this guy a whirl. Mm-hmm. That's a good one. ** So, tonight is the big orgasmic meditation turn on, which, uh, is where I'm going to meet my OM-ing partner. It's basically been described to me as what sounds like a cross between a freshmen mixer at a small college, maybe a youth group. I've absorbed all Eli's lessons, I've practiced, uh, the propositions he taught me. I don't know if I should still be as nervous as I am, but I guess that's the inquisitive mind and me. Kind of hasn't died yet. Hi, do you want to OM? Do you fancy an OM? Hey, do you want to OM? If you want to -- Do you ever think of OM-ing maybe? Do you want to, like, OM? That's it. Mya: Hello, everybody. [ Cheers and applause ] I'm Mya. - And I'm Eli. And whose very first time is it tonight to turn on? Eli: Oh, wow. Okay. We're gonna play three games tonight that are all communication games and each of them is designed to, um, give you a flavor of a part of the orgasmic meditation experience. We'll just go around the circle like this and you just say the first thing comes to mind. I came here tonight for... - Connection. - Fun. Connection. - Energy. - Sex. To br -- To meet new people. A desire I have is... Uh, to have my heart penetrated. Inhabit female thinking. Farrah. I am bright, shiny, bitch, devil, lover, orgasmic beast, whore, awesome, amazing, magical badass, bitch. [ Laughter, cheers ] Um, in the middle of the night, um, having, uh, fucking without moving was like -- Oh, my God. So everybody put your attention on Thomas and questions for Thomas. Let's begin. Um, I discovered I'm a lot more like, sexually hung up than I kind of realized. Suzanne. A stream of profanity. What your favorite way to be loved? Um... Very physically. I'll say that. [ Applause ] All right. So the last and final e-- game of the evening is called intimacies. You're going to pick one person and you're going to say an -- a vulnerable truth you wouldn't normally say. Thomas, when we were talking earlier about yoga, um, I felt, uh, the vulnerability in your expressing how difficult it was for you in your yoga -- in the yoga class. - Thank you. Nancy, when you were describing motionless sex I felt that was extremely hot. Nancy: Thank you. [ Applause ] That was good. [ Indistinct conversations ] Find an OM partner right now. ** I do need to find an OM partner. Yeah. Hi, how are you? Kianga. Bian-- Kianga. You were right behind me. - Yeah. -I never got a chance to see you. - Nice to meet you. - Good to meet you. We do have the matching, uh, medallions did you know? We do. We do. Your name is Nancy too, right? Or... - I'm actually Suzanne. - Suzanne! I'm sorry. I've got flow and you've got, uh, was it grounding? Yeah. You don't need an OM-ing partner do you? Um, have you learned how? No, I'm learning tomorrow, but... Oh cool! Great! You're gonna have a great time. Okay. I'm not sure. Um, would you like to OM? - I'd love to. - Okay. So, today, I'll be doing my second OM-ing lesson, so the practical OM. I'm doing it with, uh, Heather my OM-ing partner I met last night. -Hi. -Hi. -Hello. So, uh, yeah, I think you need to put your stuff down here. - Okay. - And then, um, just, like, thanks for being here. Yeah. Thank you. - Yeah. - It's great to have you. Any last questions before we have the OM? - No. - Okay. Let's OM. - Let's OM. What you're going to do is what's called the noticing step. - Mm-hmm. - Okay? So the noticing step is you're going to put your full attention on her genitals. You're going to look at her genitals and you're going to describe one or two simple things you see in terms of color, shape, texture, or location. Okay. Your... Your clit is -- is slightly wet and a dark -- a darker red with a little cleft right above it. That's perfect. - That all right? - Thank you. So the next thing you're going to do, is you're going to give her the second safeport, which is, "I'm going to touch your pussy now." I'm going to touch your pussy now. ** That's it. Nice and light. A nice, light, tight stroke right over that spot. Beautiful. That's a great stroke. - Thank you. - Yeah. Good. You're going to switch back to upstrokes. Good. Can you get the hood open a little bit more? I know it's a little tricky. There you go. That's it. That's her clit. Just stroke that thing. You're -- it's almost like you're playing the bass line a little bit ahead of the drum. Does that make sense? - Yeah. Three times as much pressure. - Even more. - Four times as much pressure. Go as hard as you can. - Okay. - It's gonna go like this. Use -- Use -- Yeah. Yeah. Slower and firmer. That's like, your most dialed-in stroke right there. That's beautiful. Good Thomas. That's great. [ Exhales deeply ] Eli: All right. That's it. Thanks, Heather. - Thank you, Heather. Like, see this is where you get to feel your way through. It's like, do we shake hands, do we hug, like, you get to feel it instead of there being a formula or a template. Okay. Thank you. [ Laughter ] Have a good one. - All right. Let's chat. - Oh. [ Chuckles lightly ] Eli: After the OM, you're just gonna kind of want to sit in it. Uh, that sense of feeling, that sort of extra feeling you have in your body. Thomas: Yeah. It melts into intuition, it melts into, um -- So this is ladydom. This is ladydom. Welcome to feminine. - Wow. - You got it man. You came for a little bit more feminine experience and this is the feeling of actually having been connected to another human being at a deep visceral level. This is inhabiting the feminine spirit. - Yes! - Yeah. ** Thomas: Well, I'm not sure what I was expecting to feel, but it wasn't this. This is definitely a distinctive sensation. Um, it wasn't, uh, arousal. It wasn't the opposite of arousal either though, it wasn't anywhere near either of those. It just kind of, occupies its own weird, physical sphere in part of the body. It's weird that all the -- all the stuff I used to consider hokey about, like, women started to make sort of sense. It's not only not embarrassing, it's actually kind of worked. Like, the mind map's helped me connect a bunch of threads in pursuing the story. The medallion led me directly to my OM-ing partner, so that proof's in the pudding. I guess it's not necessarily a matter of knowing that it works, it just king of feels that it works and, and that's femaleness. I mean, I'll never really know if, um, what I'm experiencing right now is what women experience as a guy who was raised a guy and will always be a guy, but if this is it, it's pretty good. Namaste. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 