Balls Deep: Season 1, Episode 3 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Balls Deep 
 s1e3 - Ramadan - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Balls Deep (2016–…): Season 1, Episode 3 - Ramadan - full transcript 
 Thomas joins a Muslim family in Michigan to fast for the holy month of Ramadan. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 [ Man chanting in Arabic ] ** Since September 11, almost every third story in the news has been about Islam. Are we at war with them? Why do they hate us? Should we hate them? Who's radicalizing whom? But for all the Islamamania in the media, who knows what Muslims believe? Like, not politically, what are their actual religious beliefs? I've tried reading the Quran, but got lost a few surahs in. Confusing explanations of inheritance law 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 and cattle transactions. Also tried to glean what I can off Cat Stevens' musical output, but most of his best albums are from before he converted. So, in a last ditch effort to understand what a third of the world believes, I've come the Muslim-est part of America -- Dearborn, Michigan -- at the Muslim-est time of year, the holy month of Ramadan, to see if I can finally figure out what their deal is. HUSSEIN: You know, when we first started our softball team, we brought all of the guys that we went to school, like high school and middle school with, and that's what the team's made up of now. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 - Is everybody Arab? - On our team, yeah. You're all at least second generation. Yeah. Dearborn has been a Mecca for Arabs in America since Henry Ford opened his first auto factory and hired immigrants from across the Arabian Peninsula, most likely in an attempt to avoid union labor. Today, Dearborn has the largest Arab-American population in the country. And while not all of them are Muslim, a healthy most are, including Hussein, whose parents moved here from Lebanon back in the '70s. Hey, your dad's here. Sorry, man. Other than observing Islam, Hussein lives the most spot-on middle-American life I've seen outside of TV. He owns a small business, he plays league softball with his work buddies. - Oh! - Oh! He even lives in with his folks and sister in the same house he grew up in, which looks like the house from "Roseanne," but better kept. Oh. I like your guys' living room. - Thank you so much. - This is sumptuous. Ramadan is the ninth month of the Muslim calendar. Historically, it's the month during which Allah started telling the prophet Muhammad the divine verses that would eventually be written down as the Quran, the central text of Islam. To observe Ramadan, all adult Muslims are required to fast every day from sunrise to sunset. So it's like Lent except, except instead of giving up one thing like chocolate, you give up everything for an entire month -- at least during the daylight. At night, you stuff face. So tonight's the last day before Ramadan, right? Yeah. What are the rules? Um, is it -- it's just all food, or is it food and water? Food, water, smoking. You pretty much can't. - Nothing goes in. - Nothing goes in. - Okay, okay, okay. - In a way, it's supposed to purify you, make you like a better person, you know? It's like I -- I live a better life while I'm fasting. - Okay, I see. - I guess that's the simplest way to put it and whatnot, but good luck. - Thank you. - You got it? Got -- Yeah, I've got, like, the... Do you guys want to go to the flea market? - Yeah. - Mama? She's hiding from the camera. Wednesday it's wild Wednesday. It's always a sale on Wednesdays, and then today, Wednesday happens to be the day before Ramadan. It's just, like, extremely packed. THOMAS: This is giving me flashbacks to the day before Thanksgiving at the local Kroger. Uh, I'm getting Ramadan shopping done because it starts at 4:00 AM this morning. This is the last chance. ** It's like a football scrum. Sorry. It's hard to get through here. Yeah. These aisles weren't made for this many carts. She's, like, eyeing the deals. Like -- Like a general plotting on the map. [ Chuckles ] Everybody breaks their fast on dates and water. - Okay. - So any house you walk into, you're always gonna see a lot of dates. Got it. No? No? ** I can't argue with my ma. During Ramadan, you'd hear a lot of people say, "Where's the sahra tonight?" Sahra is kind of like the nightly gathering. Okay. Where's everyone hanging out at tonight? My group of friends, we're usually up pretty late, hanging out and whatnot. Yeah. What time do you normally go to sleep? Oh, I'll get to bed around 3:00 or 4:00 and wake up around 10:00 or 11:00. - Oh, all right, good, good. - Yeah, like -- So we're --we're gonna be on the same schedule. Oh, no, no, no, I'm really excited about that. You guys basically keep the same hours as I do in New York. This will be pretty cool. ** THOMAS: Hussein runs what he described to me as head shop, by which he meant the heads you put on hookahs, smoke out of. His head shop specializes in doing fruit heads, which they just chop up grapefruit, uh, fill it with tobacco, and you smoke out of that. And I guess it tastes like grapefruit. We used to smoke out of apples where I grew up, but that was a totally different thing. 'Cause we were smoking weed. ** Imsak's about to start. Imsak's at, yeah, 3:50. So we've got one minute, basically, to pound water and have a last smoke. Morning. Ramadan has begun. We have started our fast. It's 1:00 in the afternoon, though, so it just kind of feels like I've skipped breakfast. Not terrible yet. I just think about it not as 30 days of fasting, but 30 one days of fasting. 30, like, single days. Phew. Brain's already not working. Salaam alaikum. - Alaikum salaam. - How you doing? - How's it going? - Good. - How did you sleep? - It's good, doing okay. - Friday prayer. - Friday prayer, okay. This is like Sunday prayer for the main day. This is like the holy day. So we're gonna be headed to mosque. ** MAN: Salaam alaikum. Yeah. Muhammad... [ Man speaking Arabic ] There are five daily prayers Muslims are required to perform, one at sunrise, one around noon, one in the afternoon, one at sunset, and one right before you go to bed. Originally, there were gonna be 50 prayers a day, but Moses convinced Muhammad to talk God down to five when he visited Heaven one night on flying horse named Buraq. As a result, every time you do one of the daily required prayers, it's worth 10 times a normal prayer. And during Ramadan, it's worth even more. So that takes care of two... - Of two midday prayers. - The two midday prayers. - I'm learning the rest, though. - You're learning. Oh, you're -- you're learn -- you're learning very quick. I got a month. Okay, thank you. Let me see if my mom is just wearing her headscarf, which I believe she is. I'm not allowed to come inside if his mom's... No, she's wearing it. not wearing a headscarf, but she is, so... - Yeah, she is. - I'm coming in. - Hi. - My mom. How are you doing with the fasting? She's not, like, feeling it much today, so it's -- it's going good. Yeah. May God accept your good deeds. I hope so. Huh? - Oh, this is very tempting. - I know. How long have we got, two hours? We got... See, two hours! Look, you made it this far. Now this this -- Home stretch starts in an hour. Yeah, okay. So we're about to break fast. It's 9:23. So there's four minutes left in the daytime. This is my first time fasting without water, which really makes a difference. So I feel a little slow and, um, cranky. Anyway, three minutes and counting. I definitely don't feel blessed yet. Let's see what's going -- Yeah. You want to start off with a date? How do we do -- Yeah, that's the traditional way. - Traditional way. - Date and water, right? You know, we just usually say, like, a little prayer before we start. Oh, well, let's do that, then. Baba, you say... [ Speaking Arabic ] [ Repeating ] All right, good, good. - Oh, there you go. - All right, okay. ** Feels good to eat after a long day. - It feels very good to eat. - Yeah, yeah. - Feels like -- - Very long day. You'd think it would take a while for, like, the brain to kick back in, but it's like instantaneous. No, no, my brain kicks back in. - Like, right now -- - Flipping a switch. Back in right now. ** Brain's back working after I, like, broke fast. We need to do prayers. It's kind of like the day's just starting. I did just have my coffee. So it is like the day's just starting. ** Time for prayer, Thomas. - We're just gonna do a rinse. - Oh, okay. It's just for purity reasons, you keep, you know... Water is the ultimate purifier. Right, yeah. Every time before you pray, you're required to do wudu, which is a ritual washing of your face, arms, and feet. And then I'd grab the water, pour it into the left hand. And you want to wash the right arm. And then switch over to the left side. The order in which you do it is important because it's specified in the Quran. And you only use your right hand to touch the water, because in Arab society, the left hand is traditionally considered unclean because that's the hand you wipe your ass with. And that's it. Ready -- Ready for prayer. - How do you stay clean, though? - There are certain things that would require you to redo it. Those being urinating, using number two. - Got it. - Breaking wind. - Really? - Yeah. Yes. So you break wind, you have to redo it. What if you don't realize you've broken wind? Are there provisions for that or... What do you mean if you don't realize? - Like if you... - One sneaks out. Do people call each other on it? I -- Sorry. Is that... If you know that you physically broke wind -- If, like, your friend -- like, or like an older gentleman, like... - If it sort of just -- - Sometimes it kind of slips out. Do you tell them so that they know? I mean, if they don't know, if sort of they break wind and don't realize, I... Don't realize. - You know, who's -- - I guess you're good to go. It's like if a tree falls in the woods. Exactly, I mean... ** THOMAS: With the exception of a few travel days, I've been fasting for the last three weeks. Mostly in New York. I realized as soon as I left that, I mean, you're doing it without a bunch of people supporting you and going through it at the same time. It's much harder. Soldiered through. Tried to keep up with the prayers. But they're a lot harder, mostly just 'cause of the hours you have to keep. [ Speaking Arabic ] I realized, like, just to be a not even a great Muslim, I think a decent Muslim, really rearranges your entire day-to-day schedule. [ Speaks Arabic ] Allahu Akbar. You basically have to set your clock according to Islam or one of these Islamic phone apps. ** We're just back in Dearborn now. Tonight's Laylat al-Qadr, which means the night of power. It's essentially the night where Muhammad started dictating the Quran, and it's like the holiest night of Ramadan. So it's -- Wow, it's a scene here. The same way that Christianity works on an economy of sins, Islam kind of works on this economy of blessings. So you do good acts and you hope they just counteract what you've done wrong. When you do that during Ramadan, your blessings are worth that much more. And if you do them during the night of power, they're worth thousands of times more. So what people do is they come to the mosque, and they spend all night here just praying. Whatever it takes just to get in all your prayers for the year, 'cause they're worth a lot. You learned a lot. Like, when I -- I noticed, when I was reading, you were pretty much, you knew what to say without even hearing me say it. - I'm pretty -- - I've been saying it at least five times a day, so... That's awesome. - But it's kicking in. - Oh, thank you -- Like, that -- that's awesome. ZEINAB: Yes, Thomas, you're gonna help us cook, right? Yeah, what's -- what are you guys making tonight? So, tonight, my sister-in-law is actually making empanadas, but she's doing that part at her house. Oh, okay. And then we're gonna make tacos over here. Is it traditional to eat Mexican food on the last night of Ramadan? No. No, that's just something that they were craving. - Yeah. - Ah, okay, I see. Helping Hussein's sisters make tacos for our last iftar together made me realize I'd spent almost the entire month hanging out exclusively with guys. I'm already a little maladroit around non-Muslim ladies, but Islam's strictures for women create an entirely different minefield for me to navigate. I don't have to be super careful not to touch you 'cause of, like, skin contact? Is that a... I mean, if you accidentally touch me and it's not intentional, nothing's wrong with that. - That's fine. - Yeah. But, yeah, technically, no skin contact should be... Brothers, uncles, grandparents. - Grandparents. - Anyone who you cannot marry... Mm-hmm. Can see you without your headscarf and can have skin contact with you. - Oh, I see. Okay. - Exactly. How do you decide with the, um... And I'm sorry I don't know the term of the scarf. - The hijab. - Headscarf. - Hijab? Okay. - Headscarf. How do you decide whether or not to put it on? I -- I put my scarf on before I turned 11. Oh, wow. And my parents had no idea I was gonna do it. Like, you can't force it on anybody. If they're ready to put it on, they put it on. If they want to put it on, that's their decision. - It's everyone's choice. - Yes. And whether they're ready to commit or not. - Ah. - I think it's a big commitment. - Yeah, it is a big commitment. - It definitely is. We're five sisters. Three of us wear the headscarves, two of us -- two of them don't. Okay. THOMAS: Wearing the headscarf isn't required by the Quran, but it's a traditional way for women to fulfill the Quranic idea of hijab, which literally means curtain, but is more conceptually a sense of modesty or discretion between the sexes. Hence, mosques having a separate, though not always equal, space for men and women to pray in. Hijab is supposed to apply to both sexes, but in practice, the lion's share of the burden falls on women. Why do guys not have to cover them? - There are some beautiful men. - I feel that -- - There are some beautiful men. - Of course. And I like your question, why don't the men cover? If you put a man and a woman -- who attract the most? The woman. Woman is another definition of beauty. - Yeah. - Yeah. ** MAHMOUT: Ramadan is over, so tonight's the last night. - Back to reality. - Yeah, back to reality. Oh. Okay. Ah, thank you. Glad it's over, Thomas, it's over. It's over. Eid al-Fitr. Excited. ** THOMAS: It's crazy to think a third of the world does this. This is like the level of religious commitment that most faiths ask of their monks or nuns, you know, not just the average layperson. It's fairly shocking. [ Chanting in Arabic ] ** Grandmas everywhere have this -- these seat covers. Oh, no way! So that's -- MAN: Oh, this is every grandma's house? This is the classic grandma's living room right here. Yo! Oh, so that's the -- Okay, she's just a little bit loud. - Yeah. - Okay. Salaam alaikum. HUSSEIN: Long live the name. In Arabic. ** - Cigarette? - Hey, how are you? - Yeah, this is my father. - This was your father, or... Oh, I see. You guys have similar noses. THOMAS: Visiting the cemetery on Eid isn't just to remember dead loved ones. You're supposed to go there to pray for Allah's blessings on their departed souls, which in Muslim belief are still lying inside their graves. Sorry if this is heavy, but what -- what happens when you die? We believe in like a purgatory-type life between this life and the day of judgment. What's it called? - It's called Barzakh. - Okay. Where God decides the fate of everybody. So it's not until then that, you know, we're ultimately decided whether you're gonna go to Heaven and enter. Oh. And that's like the day of judgment in Christianity, when it's like the end of the world? - Exactly. - Okay. There's one shortcut to Heaven, which bypasses Barzakh, and that's dying in the service of Allah or Islam, AKA martyrdom. MAN: Around 10:45 this morning, the first shots fired -- four marines were killed on the scene. At least three others were wounded. The alleged shooter, now identified as 24-year-old Muhammad Youssef Abdulazeez took off. The FBI is working the case as a potential terrorism investigation. Yeah. Yeah. I know. Every single time something happens, it's like the first thing that kind of goes through my mind, which is I pray to God that this guy was somewhere that he doesn't end up coming out with a Muslim name. Most of the attacks in America have been, like, converts. That's what it is, usually. You look at it, it's like some whacked out guy with some whacked out ideas. And he said, "I'm gonna kill some people in the name of Islam since this religion says it's okay to kill people," when, in reality, the religion doesn't say it's okay to kill people. The only thing I used to watch was Fox News -- not because I believed in anything they said, but I just used to watch Fox News so you kind of know what everyone is thinking. If I wasn't Arabic, if I did not live around Muslims, if I wasn't a Muslim, and I was to only watch Fox News, excuse my language I'm about to use, I would fucking hate Muslims, I would fucking hate Arabs. Like, I would -- I would not even want to give 'em a chance. Because why would you want to give 'em a chance? This is all you see is them slaughtering each other. What's going on in the Middle East, you're talking about a couple hundred thousand extreme whack jobs. That's not even 1% of the Muslim world. It's -- it's -- it's said that this is what people look at and this is what people fixate on. ...if he is not your brother in faith, he's your brother in humanity, so regardless, no matter what, whether you believe in it or whether you don't, you're my brother. - Okay. - Because you might not be my brother in Islam, you might not be my brother in Christianity, you might not be my brother in Judaism, but you're my brother as -- as human beings, we are brothers. ** THOMAS: While Hussein's beliefs speak to what I feel is the real nature of Islam, they have a hard time competing for attention against the louder, more bellicose voices that you see on the media. While the last 30 years has given fundamentalist Islamic groups like al-Qaeda and ISIS center stage, there's an increasing push among moderate Muslims to clear Islam's name in the eyes of the world and make average Muslim life look like the Muslim lives we saw in Dearborn -- which is to say, very pleasant. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 