Balls Deep: Season 2, Episode 6 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Balls Deep 
 s2e6 - Dead - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Balls Deep (2016–…): Season 2, Episode 6 - Dead - full transcript 
 Thomas attends an autopsy performed by a private Forensic Pathologist in Phoenix to find out what happens to your body when you bite the big one (death). 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 I'm gonna die. And so are you. How and when remains to be determined, most likely by a forensic pathologist. If you're fortunate enough to croak in a hospital, the autopsy will probably be done right there in the basement. If you're out on the street... of a gunshot wound or car crash, probably haul you to the city medical examiner's office, or coroner if you're kinda further out in the country. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 But if you should expire on your own, leaving a bunch of questions unanswered for your next of kin and loved ones to wrangle with, you can always order a private autopsy by a freelance forensic pathologist such as Dr. Rebecca Hsu, who operates out of Phoenix, Arizona, capital of America's southwestern death state, where people have been coming to croak for going on 200 years. All right, fellas. Are you hot? So, this is sorta the training grounds for this kind of thing. This would be a mortician's kit that they would use to actually do makeup. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 So you might use wax, and you can see there's a back wall there where you see all sorts of different faces done. I have seen people work miracles. There are people in a car accident, and their face is just smashed. - Yeah. - Can't even tell. Keep in mind, it's been 10 years since I had to do this. How often do, uh, pathologists kinda cross over with, uh, mortuary science? I think I'm the only one, Dr. T. I don't think anyone's ever had another. So you've met the one and only. What's the relationship like? Morticians are worried about how everything looks. Pathologists are worried about chopping it up and getting it off their table as quickly as possible. Right. So obviously there's a little conflict of interest sometimes on certain things. But in general, all of our protocols are made in such a way as to not interrupt with the funeral proceedings. What kind of wax is this? Oh. Getting the ear to look sorta ear-y. - Now I see it. - Now do you recognize it? - Yeah. - Yeah. As you can see, they're not exactly perfect. - Pretty close. - But you don't -- you don't see the two of 'em together at the same time. Oh, okay, true. Especially when you -- - You don't need to talk so loud. I can hear you real well. I got two sets of ears. And the mouth is the easiest to make. And it gets the most criticism. - Because it's -- Because nobody's ever seen the dude with his mouth closed. Right. Mm-hmm. That's true. - Okay. I gotta get back in here. - Thank you, Dr. T. Thank you, Dr. T. Yeah, so you just kinda do this little -- I mean, it's fun, really. - It is very Playdough. - Yeah. And this is what a typical room would look like, actually, in a funeral home. - Mm-hmm. Nowadays, people don't like the big old urn of, "Oh, my gosh, Grandma's on the shelf," type of thing, so this -- this is an urn as well. - Oh. - This is an urn as well. Well, you know, babies also die. Right, right, right. You can actually be made into a jewel. Did you know that? - I've seen that, yeah. So if you wanna be a diamond, hon, you can be a diamond. Isn't that exciting? Yes, very nice. So now I have all these choices. I'm like, "Well, hmm, what do I wanna be when I die?" My desk is kind of everywhere in this house. It just sorta depends on what space the kids have not invaded. So, I'm gonna bring out some of our stuff. I have my computer here -- one of 'em anyway. So far, it kinda looks like regular office work. Lot of folders, some mailings. Okay, this is less office-y. These are... I mean, that's half a head. That's what happens when you put a shotgun to your head. Now you see why I don't let my kids see my books. Of course not. I shouldn't be looking at this. I mean, I did not realize... Well, first of all, I'd never heard the term "pneumoscrotum," which I guess is air in the scrotum. I certainly didn't realize that was a possible side effect of, uh, CPR. You know what? As I get older, and the more I see, the more I appreciate just being able to breathe and have a heartbeat. It's more of a freak occurrence that we stay alive at any given point in the day than... Pretty much. ...given how much can go wrong. You know what? That's why I'm always smiling. Because if I'm not the guy on the gurney, as long as you're not the one in the body bag, your day was not that bad. That's true. Okay? So right now I'm just picking up the kids here. Okay. Do you find your work ever making you extra protective? If you call making sure that wherever you live, you have already memorized the locations of anyone who's a child molester, yeah, maybe, kinda, you know. Was Phoenix chosen due to its low density of child predators or... Out here we chose because I had gotten a position about 3 1/2 hours from here where I was a surgical pathologist. I also ran multiple laboratories. And I also was the deputy medical examiner. It was an interesting thing. That -- Milwaukee was a little different and seeing what Jeffrey Dahmer did, that was pretty cool. He had too much time on his hands. That's all I'm gonna say. - No kidding, right. - Yeah, yeah, yeah. Definitely. But very artistic guy. Why you need to kill people to paint their skulls, I don't know. But hey, you know, whatever floats your boat. Did you actually physically see his work? Yes. I saw his work. And you know, everyone needs a hobby. Yeah. Right-o. Go, go, go. Hurry, hurry, before they make me go too far. Hi. How'd it go today? You guys hungry? You have any idea what you want for dinner so I can get that started? - I don't know. - You have a ton of homework. Any science? - No. I have to study for my math test. Oh, guys, we have to do some, like, cage cleaning today. It seems like everybody decided to poop, both lizards and both snakes. Everybody is just having a time. And, uh-oh, now I'm getting a call. All right. Of course I lost it. Yes, hello, ma'am. Would it be okay if I give you a call back when I get to the office? Thanks, bye-bye. Okay, guys, so, Mommy might have an autopsy. So I will let you know. Yes, hello, Catherine. This is Dr. Hsu. I'm so sorry, it sounds like you're about to lose someone. I'm very sorry for that. I lost my mom a couple years ago and it's never easy. Hang in there. And I will be ready for you if you need me. Thank you. Have a good day. Not it's It's a different word you're saying. Certainly, I examine all the organs internally. And then I also do a microscopic examination. And I will personally sit down and go over the entire thing with you line by line if you like. Oh, and do you know when the funeral is? And are they gonna cremate? This is usually how my day goes. A family is about to lose someone. And so they'd like to speak with me as to the pros and cons of the autopsy. It's kinda refreshing how there's a glibness to your tone. You're not as maudlin as I've experienced with, like, funeral directors, you know, that are really stagy, sort of, uh... - Used car salesman? - Yeah, exactly. Used car salesman-style sympathy. Um... I think when you see enough suffering... - Yeah. - ...it's different. I don't like foul odors. Ugh. I don't know what's in there, but it smells like decomp. So I want it to go away. So... All right. - You'd think, uh, with your... - That's nasty. ...with your job, that wouldn't be quite so offensive. Everything needs to be clean -- the fish tank, the sink tanks. Okay, so I was gonna give Nancy a call. Oh, okay, that's your friend who's the forensic psychic, right? Yeah. I've had several situations, cases where she's been consulted. I'm not gonna say I believe in everything paranormal. I don't. But I've met people who have abilities that really can't be explained by our current scientific knowledge. There's certainly questions that she can answer that I can't. How you doing, Nancy? - I'm doing fine. Let me see. What do I do? Um, I see my picture. Ooh! Okay, that blushes me up. I look like a ghost. - Thomas, come say hi. - Hi, Thomas. How are you? - Good. How are you doing? - I'm doing good. What term -- what's the best term? Just -- just say it. You won't offend me. Medium -- medium -- well, I'm -- I'm -- I'm juggling medium, psychic. And those are the two. And so there's lots of psychics. But there's not as many mediums. When the body dies, the soul continues to live. So I'm connecting with the spirit of the person whose body died. Like, especially when you're doing kind of, like, forensic work, does dying feel a distinct way? It's like slipping away. It's not painful. You're here one minute. And the next minute, you're over here. Tom, it was so nice to meet you. Great to meet you, too. Thank you so much. You're going to be well in your career, oka? Oh, good. Gotcha. Thank you so much. With each passing case, my confidence level in her abilities goes up. Right now, can't be accepted as testimony. She could've told people months ago. And she's done that. She's contacted police saying, "It's this guy." Some listen. Some don't. Nine times out of ten, she's been right, dude. I mean, really right, like, dead on the money right, okay. Until we figure out how what she's doing works... - What she's doing, yeah. - ...we really can't make it admissible in court. So I'm gonna have to go get my dad soon. I was gonna go down and see him. "CSI," I mean, "Star Trek" is closer to reality than "CSI." Is there a particular thing that all the shows get wrong? Is time of -- is time of death something that's like -- Time of death is one of the biggies. 'Cause they, like, everyone nails that. That's the first thing they... Time of death and just the sheer speed at which things happen. Oh, okay. Okay. So we're here to see Dad. Okay. All right, Dad. So in addition to raising two kids, running a very active pathology private practice, Dr. Hsu is also looking after her older father. So they'll just be recording our conversation, okay? We're just taking Grandpa to the dentist, uh, for some new dentures. I don't know if working so closely with death invigorates your sense for getting things done and taking on more things than most people kind of accomplish in their own life, or if Dr. Hsu's just a normal energetic person who likes to do things and just happens to have a weird job that's closely associated with, uh, the more ghoulish elements in our, uh, species. All right. Good job, Dad. Do you think that your work's made you more comfortable with, like, aging and mortality and... - It has made me more patient. - Okay. It has made me more patient because I get it. Stored in here somewhere, I have the actual hearts and things I've cut up before. Have to take a look at those. These are just aprons. That's for us if we gotta do something messy, which -- Yeah. It gon' be mess-- The closer you are, the messier it is, you know? All right. - What's that? - Some fun stuff. - Oh, secret. It's a surprise. It's a surprise. Secret bag of thing. Just don't, you know, don't take a bite. It's all I have to say. Gotcha. Okay. Consider it your early workout, in preparation for moving bodies. - I see. - Yeah, that's it. All right. We are ready to roll. Ready to roll. * Rolling, rolling I do have to warn you, this is an infectious case. We have to be very careful. Okay. What -- what kind of infection? I think hepatitis and possibly sepsis. I don't know what organism. So basically, it's dangerous. And I wanna minimize peoples' exposure. - Okay. - How you doing? Lee, I got a few friends with me today. This is Thomas. - Hi. Hi. So, Dr. Hsu recommended wetting my hair because apparently, that helps keep the smell from sticking to it a little better, which kinda seems counterintuitive. But this whole process is sorta counterintuitive, really. It's like performing surgery, but without the goal of keeping somebody alive. Even, like, scrubbing up, like where the usual idea is that you're trying to provide a sterile environment for the person you're working on, here, the person you're working on is the least sterile environment basically that exists. Okay. - All righty. Lindsay, right now, is labeling everything. Right exactly right on the side and on the top there. Go ahead and finish up the rest of those. I'm sorta doing a lousy... Even the pens are dead. All right, hon. Let's get you dressed up. Apologies if you have to redo any of those. - Don't have time. - Thank you. Turn around, please. Yeah, thank you. There you go. Let me see if this will... Put it over your head, you know what I mean? All right, Thomas. We need you thisaway, man, thisaway. Oh, sorry. It's not locked. Got it? - Yep. Um, Thomas, over here. Can you grab his leg right there? Pull him my way. - His, uh, right leg? - Yeah. Yep. Just pull him this way. Roll him. Ah, man, he is slippery. Got it. Okay, tuck. Let me get the other side. Okay. Pull this...? Pull it out. Thank you. Then that goes in that big red bin right behind you. Good heavens. We might be here a while. Ah, yeah. This is gonna be a workout today. There you go. Okay, Thomas. Hold this on his foot 'cause I have to measure his height. Oh, sorry. Why are his toenails so long? Is that, uh... We see that a lot. He circumcised? - Yes. Okay. All righty. Okay, Thomas. You're gonna help me do stuff now. I can't smell anything. Like, it was a little weird until I touched him. And then it just felt like a weird -- like some weird doll. Just a really weird -- Right, right. - Yeah, big doll. - Make sure you're good 'cause it's gonna get a little more fragrant in a minute. - Here we go, yeah. - All right. Very good. Wow. No joke. See, this is Jeffrey Dahmer's mistake. Should've just gone to forensics instead of his twisted hobby. - And get paid for it. - That's right. Ah, yeah. Uh, you might wanna stay a little back for this just for a sec until I'm sure that you're not gonna get hit with a lot of pus. I have been hit in the face with all sorts of juices. And it's just not very pleasant. No. This is remarkably similar to field dressing an animal so far. Yes, yes, it is. All righty. You were asking me what this is for. The bolt cutters, yeah. Well, I have to get in somehow, don't I? So I just go and, you know... Trimming the hedges. -Ready? -Yep. -Come on over. Snip, snip. - Yep. - Give me the suction. - Did I screw that up? Nope. Everybody good? Everybody good? Okay. So, I'm removing the chest plate now from the heart and from the lungs. These are adhesions. - Yeah. Maybe he had pneumonia at some point or some sort of fluid in the lung. You can also see it in any kind of cancers. We're gonna measure what's in here. Okay, Thomas. You're on. We're draining stuff. Now, what's this coming out? Is this blood or... Well, this is probably decompositional fluid. See, if he had a pneumonia or something, you're gonna have this fluid on your chest. - Mm-hmm. - But I need to know how much. - About 225. - 225. You can write SS for serosanguineous fluid. So I'm cutting through the base of the tongue right now... Mm-hmm. Cutting through the esophagus. - Oh, yeah. Okay. - All right. Removing the fat layer from the surface of the heart. Oh, geez. That's the heart? That thing's just yellow, yeah. - It's very fatty. I wanna go into the pulmonary artery and see if there's anything there to see that I might have to be worried about. Yeah, it's gonna be crunchy, I think. - What makes it crunchy? - Hardening of the arteries. Oh, okay. Literal hardening, yeah. Literal, yes. Toss it in the hole. Okay, on to the next thing. I need to get the brain out. Oh, boy. Scalp's much thicker than I would've guessed. It's gonna be a minute, yeah. It is kinda relieving how hard everything is to pull apart, I feel like. - You know how to hammer? - Yes. Tap that. - Ooh. - Thank you. Very good. Okay. So this looks pretty normal. Oh. Hello. I feel like the natural fear is that the more and more you kinda open up a body and pull things out, the more gruesome it's gonna be. But, uh, I'm finding, like, the less it actually just kinda resembles a person, the more it just seems like, you know, one of those anatomical dolls. Kinda gets easier the more parts you remove because it is less human. All the humanity is in buckets and on scales. I really don't wanna blow this up because, believe me, stool everywhere gets real messy. Ooh. We're already in the intestines. Yes, we are. Darn it. There's gonna be bile everywhere. Oh, here comes the smell. Wowzers. All right. Ooh, wow. That one caught in the throat. Are you okay? Or are you feeling too woozy? If you're feeling too woozy... I'm not woozy. I'm ralph-y right now. I just gagged slightly. I don't wanna barf in my mouth. If you need to step back, that's fine. Oh, the gallbladder is a doozy. Whoa. So he's probably got some stones or something going on there. Oh, my. My, my, my, my, my. Ooh! Oh, the kids always get upset with me when I'm covered in poop when I come home. This is a lot. - Yeah. This is enough for, like, you know, you, me and three or four of your closest friends. It's like the devil's cake batter there. Oh, God. Ugh. Okay. Hang on a second. All right. Ahh. Well, that was fun. - Is that okay? - Yep. Just one more. Just so you can get a feel for it. And then take a... - Teeny chunk. So those little plastic boxes that have tiny samples of each organ get taken to a place that encases them in wax or paraffin. And then from there, they can be sliced by, presumably, a machine because it's used to make microscopic slides out of each those little, uh, sections. Whew. Ahh. Okay. Got the needle? And some string. The lungs didn't look good. The heart is big enough to have him keel over and die with just that. There's more than one problem here, so... - Yeah. - Yeah, it's kinda sad. I sew skin way better than I sew, like, let's say clothing. Once I sew, I'm done. So, after six hours working on the body, Dr. Hsu is no closer really to a cause of death. She's just basically eliminated the probable cause of death. I mean, more work for her. So I guess we have to go to the microscope to try to figure this one out. I think this is a bum ticker. I don't think this is a brain thing. But I just have to be sure because I didn't see anything on autopsy, really. But that doesn't mean there's not something microscopic in a really important place. So, um, that's sorta the question right now. And the brain, as you can imagine, especially since I... Is that me? Might be. Sorry. It's -- it's remarkable how much this reminds me of, like, the carving station at O'Ryan Steakhouse. You know, I don't like steakhouses that much. And I think you now know why. I have got to get me one of those. Remind me where he got this knife, okay? We'll talk later. I think we have extra. But it is very dangerous. It is extremely dangerous. Pause. Of course. This looks like a totally normal, healthy brain. The gray matter ribbon should be 2 to 3 millimeters thick. And it is. Should be a sharp border between the gray matter and the white matter. - Mm-hmm. - Which there is. - Okay. - The way we arrived at the checklist was actually in relation to evaluating dementias. So these categories were developed along the lines of dementia. So there's a -- a Lewy body dementia that's a Parkinson's plus dementia. Is that -- is that the one can look for? Excuse me. No worries. So the one in question is gonna be letter I. - Okay. - It hits you as wrong. The pattern really bothered me. Yeah, no, I agree. You got some inflammation. But in the midst of this, you know, glandular structures usually are circular. Instead, we have these almost like a stream of dark cellular materials. I really don't think this killed him. And that's all I really care about. Yeah. See, this is the stuff here that bothers me. Well, and that brings me to his bladder. If you have a bad enough infection lasting long enough, maybe that's part of what we're sort of dealing with. This is all solid inflammation. Okay, think pus. He's got a, yeah, a rip-roaring cystitis. I -- it's unbelievable. The lungs killed him, clearly. That's not the issue. Right. He probably had the cystitis which caused the, uh, peritonitis, which produced the clots in the blood vessels, which went through his lungs and produced the pulmonary embolism. - Right. - And the bacteria that are in the bladder also get in the blood stream. Basically, it's probably related to his urinary tract infection, is my impression -- Believe it or not. People think it just contains -- it's only here. It doesn't work that way. The body's much more in contact with itself. It tries to adapt by moving stuff somewhere else. And all it does is spread the infection. And usually you don't die from having a problem in one spot. Yeah. This is totally a medieval torture device. Gotta make it tender. - Oh, it is a tenderizer. Pokey, pokey, pokey, pokey, pokey. Don't use it on your brother, sweetheart. - No, I won't. - Just making sure. I think I love this family. They've got, uh, a really good sense of weird where it's not just like full-blown, like, affected Addams Family, like, you know, mortician's family. But they -- they pick the good elements. And they've kinda been, I feel like, picked and chosen in response to Rebecca's work with the dead. You might think that being exposed to death on a daily basis may make you fear for your own mortality more and more and kinda close off. She's kinda taken the opposite tack and pursues life to its fullest extent every day 'cause I guess she knows how it's gonna end. She's running, like, a pathology business. She's learned funeral direction. She's got some sideline going with her psychic friend, Nancy, who helps the police a lot. And she takes care of, well, her two kids and her aging Chinese father, who, uh, lives up the road. Very, very, very, very, very busy life. So, living the goth dream. Living the goth dream without blowing it. Come on. Come on. Come on. Get it. Get it. Get it, yeah. Good girl. Whoa! Surf the internet with browser of future osdb.link/brave 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 