Balls Deep: Season 2, Episode 8 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Balls Deep 
 s2e8 - Zen and the Art of Living - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Balls Deep (2016–…): Season 2, Episode 8 - Zen and the Art of Living - full transcript 
 Thomas follows Zen Buddhist Tracey Ryan as he floats through the moneyed world of the New York art scene and builds a human rhizome of creativity, entrepreneurial largesse, and fun. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 ** How'd you get started with Zen in the first place? My dad's a professor at UMass Amherst. And he had us reading everything when we were kids. And we read a lot of Zen scripture. Now that I'm older, Zen is the practice that makes me feel great. And I still continue to read all that text. And I always say there's 1,000 doors... - Yeah. ...into the same place. But Zen is one of those vehicles to help me get to that place. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 So basically what I do is I start out by just following my breath. Um, and they say murky water only clears when left alone. So you kinda just watch your thoughts go by like clouds, same typical thing you've heard a million times. But it's -- it's cliché because it's true. You want to straighten your back up. Be sovereign in your space. Sovereign. And head up high, but comfortable. Just feel sovereign, very confident. Yeah, just like that. ** 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 I know I'm supposed to be focusing right now, but it's kind of a strange environment to be meditating in. New York City, I mean, where arts and culture and kinda high-minded creative endeavors fight for space with money and high finance and advertising and people who call themselves creatives, and then all go out and party together and get wrecked. You have branded leisure events like Ad Week and Fashion Week and Yoga Week and they're all the same fucking week. It's maddening. Tracey Ryans is a mysterious guy who navigates this city's weird nexus of wealth and creative people and corporate brands and the sludgy semi-commercial collaborative stew they stir and does really well with it. And evidently does so via his training in Zen Buddhism. So that's what I'm doing -- or trying to do. I should probably get back to focusing. Did you feel your mind racing, or did you get relaxed? My mind wandered a lot. But, yeah, but that's kinda the point, redirecting it back to, uh, what you're focusing on. Should we go get a drink? Yes. Oh, excuse me. Oh, I'm sorry. Gonna have a beautiful day today, my dear sir. Are you gonna drink it out of the bottle, like a rock star? I'll take your path. I like it like this. Rock star, I am not. Oh, that's tasty. Let the games begin. Yeah. How many companies are you currently partnered in? Uh, four restaurants, two shared workspaces, drinks company, a movie theater, and a hotel upstate. Eight. Damn it. And it all starts here. But again, like I said, I can do it all day. I can do it all day and night because it's what I do. You know what I mean? It's not something where I'm working at a factory, punching in every day. I mean, I told you I started out working in the insurance business as a young person. That was work. And I did it. And I loved it. Yeah. But at the end of the day, I was exhausted. But they say, you know, the age of the athlete is when you're in your 20s. And you want to be strong. You want to look great. The age of the warrior is when you're in your 30s and you want to show how much money you can make. And the age of the statesmen is usually from 40s and 50s, where you're figuring out you've done all that, you've made money. Like, how are you giving back to your community? I think that's a stage that I'm entering in right now. I think I skipped the age of athlete, went straight to somewhere between warrior and just, I guess, probably still teenager. If you're not being true to yourself, you're not doing what makes you feel good. And then you're being something else. And then you're flapping your wings. You know, and if you're flapping your wings, you can do that for a while. But you're gonna get tired. You're gonna get exhausted. But I think when you're doing what you love and everything you do is authentic and coming from the heart, then you're soaring. And once you're soaring, you can soar all day. - Hey. - How'd it go? How you doing, sir? Went really, really well. - Edith Mehiel. - Thomas. - Good to meet you, Thomas. - Good to meet you. Hi. Should we go to the park? - Yeah. Let's do it. - Yeah? Take a little walk? Uh, we just had one -- our -- our quarterly meeting discussing the product partnerships online, all that stuff. When'd you guys start doing juice? First of all, we're calling 'em elixirs. - Okay. Sorry. - So they're more like... It's okay. Basically made a practice of brewing drinks every day for six, eight months and just getting the recipes down, getting psyched up about it. What'd you guys strategize today? Online sales, marketing strategy, different partnerships, strategic partnerships that we'll be working with based on the companies that I'm involved with. Hosting small, high-impact events with the right type of people, more psychographics and demographics, documenting that and having a media partner that can cascade that information to the masses. Hey, when you drink that, wha-- what do you feel like... - Uh... - When you take a sip? It tastes really good. I like it. - Yeah? - Yeah. What's the rest of you guys' day like? I've got a call with Wieden+Kennedy. And, uh, then I've got a board meeting for The Kitchen later on. - And then it's Fashion Week. - Geez. I always thought of, uh, I -- I certainly always thought of, like, fashion, like, the fashion world and, like, all the -- everything that interconnects with that and, like, branding and marketing is just, like, one big money circle jerk. When you look at, you know, the art world, the film world, the fashion world, it's all part of the ecosystem. We need each other. You know, it's, like, people are already going to see art - before 6:00... - Right, yeah. 'Cause everyone's just trying to get there on time. Um, so you guys ready to go? Between 6:00 and 8:00, you're gonna see that sense of urgency in everyone... - Yeah. - Because everyone's trying to see as much art as they can in two hours. You become a spinning dervish for two hours. You don't see the art, but you see all the people. - Right, yeah. It's social. - So -- so it's... Yeah, it's more of a social thing. It's more social than most people would -- would admit. But -- 'Cause you don't really get to see the art. It's more of a celebration, celebrating the artists today for the opening. - Should we go? - Yeah. Keeping track of this many people is kinda my personal nightmare. But I can see how it's benefited Tracey. I'd say this is probably pretty much how he's made the living that he has. Tracey refers to, uh, Facebook, though, as his external hard drive. Says he uses that to put people together and keep track of who is who and who knows who, so he knows what to talk about with them, which is smart. Rashid Johnson. You're a handsome man, you know that? - You're a good-looking kid. - Yeah. You're a very good-looking kid. I haven't seen you... Because I've been looking at you on Instagram and Facebook and social media. What's your job? My job? I have a lot of jobs. That's the problem. I've stayed off of Facebook because I thought it was lame for a long time. But I feel like now I'm seeing how it might have benefited me. Morning. Um, it's Thomas from Park Slope. I'm following Tracey to the, uh, Shinto Shrine, right? Shinto Shrine. At the Brooklyn Botanical... - Brooklyn Botanical Gardens. - ...to start our day. So it's hard to peg down exactly what, uh, Tracey does for a living. He sort of, like, integrates brands and people. That sounds odious, but he does it in kind of a -- in such a manner that it just feels, like, less like professional networking than... shit. You okay? No, yeah, it's fine. The fucking -- the cup holder just ejected my coffee. Oh, man. It's, like, swoop. ** Anyway, um, as I was saying, uh, Tracey, you know, has a number of, like, jobs, like, involving kinda art galleries and businesses, all the things he's partnered in. But I feel like his real work is actually kinda, like, floating between these gigs and sort of connecting people from each of his different worlds with each other, you know, to benefit one another. And then ultimately that benefits him somehow. Um, kinda like he's combined the, uh, sort of ge -- charismatic glad-handing aspect of his old sales job with this, you know, kinda do-what-you-want-all-day approach to life, which I associate with socialites. Um, I mean, for instance, today, like, after we hit the park for our morning Zen, we're supposed to go to a yoga class in a graveyard, and then, um, take the train upstate to his rich friend's house for a dinner party, which is pretty weekendly behavior for a Tuesday. - How Japanese is this? - I know. Is it? Is this... This is nice. Oh, you see the egret? You see the egret right there? Yeah. Is that real? Yeah. Oh, it is. Yeah. I thought it was a statue. And check these out right here. Look at the koi. I mean, it can bring you to tears, it's so beautiful. I mean, look at that right there. That's nice. How does the world you consult with, like, how do they receive the Zen? I'd imagine there's a lot of people kinda think of it as hokum or whatever. But... Well, I still don't use it directly, but -- unless people bring it up. My teacher always said, "Whenever you feel the need to talk about meditation, it's time to go meditate." Okay. Yeah. Should we walk around and take a walk? Sure, yeah. You normally take calls here? No, I don't because once you... This is... Yeah. And other people come here for the same things sometimes. Yeah. Around 8:30, someone else may come and sit there. Right. But I usually sit here and do, like, my 40-minute meditation. I just sit here and be quiet. And then I'll get up and then take my calls once I'm out of here and walk through the garden. Right, yeah. Well, I saw you bow earlier when we were coming out. I didn't realize it was so you didn't hit your head. So I usually bow when I go into spaces... Right. Just to -- to recognize I'm going to a different space and a sacred place and remind me of how lucky I am to be here. Right. Like, I even have this thing that my buddy Mark Cooper and I called Om. Mm-hmm? Whenever anything good happens to us, we whisper to ourselves, "Om." Om. Just acknowledge that that's beautiful. Train comes on time, Om. Okay. You know, the -- the clouds clear and the sun comes out, Om. Just in your head, just to remind yourself how beautiful life is. Yeah. It's, like, saying, like, "Noice," but, like, more Buddhist-y, kinda. What do you say? Noist? Like, nice. You know? Nice. Nice. Yeah, exactly. Nice. - Hi. Thomas. - Chloe. - Nice to meet you. - Chloe. Thomas. - Anna. - Anna. Thomas. - Hi. - Yoko. And so most of this crew's coming upstate with us, too. Oh, yeah? Yeah. Oh, cool. Good posse. So -- Yeah, so it's a good group. So are we going to your project upstate? We're not working on my project. But I own part of a company with the founder of Etsy. And it's a sound -- Is he gonna be there? - Yeah. Rob Kalin. - Oh, cool. So we're going to his house. We'll stay at his place. Oh, oh, oh. So welcome, everyone. Today is one of, uh, the last classes that we're doing here. As we all know, this is a partnership between the Brooklyn Greenway Initiative. And what we've been doing, as you know, is we've been doing qigong, tai chi, and yoga. I'll be jumping in every once in a while and joining you guys. So please don't giggle or make fun of me. I'm not that flexible. But I will be with you in spirit. Inhale. Exhale. Dive forward. Inhale arch. Exhale. Exhale. Come down. Come back through bent knees. Child's pose. Full breath in. Full breath out. And back to downward-facing dog. Left leg to the sky. Inhale. Exhale. Open the hips up. Inhale. Left foot forward to the outside of your left hand. Fingertips. Exhale. Left hand to your hip. Full breath in. Exhale. Arm up. - Again, full breath in. - Busted. - Huh? - I knew you weren't yogaing. I did it. I was with you. I saw... you saw the glasses come off. I know it's true. I should get more guy friends. I realize that all my friends are girls. I mean, I've got four guy friends. Exhale. Fold forward. Bow forward. So you can just let your buttocks relax down. Tracey's morning practices and general practices are pleasant, but kind of extraordinarily mismatched to this urban environment. If you can start to absorb these sounds around you... Zen, tai chi, qigong, uh, yoga, all those things I tend to associate with the West Coast. Big breath in. Ahhhhhhhhhh. And as long as there's been kinda, like, a sense of bicoastal elite, like, feel like the -- the movement was always Western. You know, you grow up in the city, you get all your shit done, you party, kill your body. Then you move out West and you take on these practices and, you know, spend out your senescence. It's the first time in my lifetime that the movement has really kinda crossed back. It's odd to see, uh, things like, uh, yoga parks being built at the edge of the BQE. Just, I don't know, less meditative spaces in New York. Also realizing it's extraordinarily indulgent. We've been here about three hours. Which, like, I don't even think I have that much free time in the morning and I basically don't have a job. Does make you feel nice, though. ** So, wait, whose house are we going to right now? So, Rob Kalin, founder of Etsy. Yeah. Found this engineer in Memphis, Tennessee. So he's started making these speakers the same way they were making 'em in the '20s. So Rob came and flew to Memphis, met the guy, flew him and his family back to Catskill to make the best speakers that money could buy, the most beautiful speakers. So that's what we're gonna see now. I own a piece of the company. I'm helping them take it to the next level. Town of Hudson. Taking a -- taking a car or a bus? Uh, we've got Rob Kalin coming to pick us up. - That's... - Oh, really? Okay. - He's coming to get us? - Yeah. - He's coming to get us. - That's sweet. There he is. My man. Hi. How are you? Good to meet you. The crew. Oh. - Oh, okay. Okay. - Just bite it. - Just bite it. - Wait. Feel it. Feel it. - Feel it. - That's hot. Oh, it's hot out of the oven. Mmm. That's great. - Oh, my God! It's so warm. - Thank you very much. So these are from grains that grow right there, actually, just south of Hudson. - A $40 loaf of bread! - Uh, we're right here. So it's this building, this building, and this building. This is one of the oldest buildings in Catskill. It's a house. It used to be creek-front property. And then they built that building. Right in front. I was thinking of cutting a hole in that building exactly the shape of this one and then restoring a creek-front property. So we've set up the means of production to work with a bunch of different materials. And the approach is pretty simple. It's use local, natural materials... Yeah. ...but use the fanciest robots we can and make beautiful modern objects out of it. And, like, I haven't seen anyone else doing those three things. I've seen people working with... - One or the other. - ...local, natural materials. But they usually make these very kind of grandmotherly sweaters, which I love. But doesn't quite grab my imagination. - Right. - It's kind of, like, a craft version of Disney world. - These are the smalls. - The small ones. Oh... You guys want to come back this way? This is our disco. - Nice! - Aw, yeah. - Yeah! - Morton, let's do this. Rob's been showing us around what he calls his, uh, craft version of Disney World. There's a lot of legitimately cool projects going on. Like the, uh, the speaker company Tracey was talking about on the train, which is run out of basically, like, the most amazing audio lab/workshop anyone's had going since the tube amp days. Now you're on my floor where electronics happen, day in and day out. And it's all for the guy who runs it, Jeffrey, who's, like, a certifiable genius-level acoustic engineer, to work his dream projects out. Rob basically built it for him, which is, you know, beneficent as shit. Treble horn. This is more of an upper-mid range. This is kind of an upper bass. Slightly different breakpoints than downstairs. So the goal is really to make it simple for people who just listen to music. You got it? - How much of it is, like... - It's funny, though. I feel like every time Tracey introduces me to someone, I end up either on, like, a tour or a pitch meeting for their business. I didn't realize how complicated, uh, lanterns were. Even, like, this dinner party/dance party we've been promised is actually the demo for super high-end speakers. But it's also still, like, a really nice party of cool people. This barn is 250 years old. We spent two years restoring it. And this is the very first event that we've had in it since it's been restored. So... - Wow. - The building is watching us. This is something very special for the building. Dig in. Tracey oscillates between sales and social mode so rapidly. It's, like, hard to keep straight where the business turns to party and back to business. Even his speech is this, like, continuous blend of business speak, ad jargon, and then exuberant, hyped-up flattery, peppered with little nuggets of Zen. I'd really like to thank all you guys for coming and, uh, joining us. As you see, Rob spent a lot of time, energy, and, uh... I'm not done. I'm not done. I'm d-- I do this, Rob. I do this. There's a narrative. This is what I do, Rob. This is what I do. Uh, Rob has put a lot of time, energy, spirit, and love into this place. And I'm very grateful for him to welcome us to this bounty and inaugurate this place as -- as they're wrapping it up and finishing it. But I'd also like to thank, uh, my friends and our partners at Wheel Fi. And I'd like to thank my fearless, beautiful, crazy, insane posse group for -- for, uh, rallying and practicing meditation, qigong, tai chi with us this morning and actually being able to soar like eagles, getting up at 6:30 and diving like whales like we're gonna do tonight. ** These are black walnuts. This is a black walnut tree. These are all black walnuts. Smell this. Is this a apple or pear? - Black walnut. - Black walnut. Smells nice. That's great. We had a dinner party last night at Rob Kalin's house. He's the -- one of the guys that founded Etsy. But his current project, what he's using his money for, is a company that's basically -- he found an insanely brilliant audio engineer who is into old tube electronics. Uh, just keep -- keeping an eye on you. Rob, how'd you meet Tracey? Speed dating. Ah. What type of speed? Oof. There's definitely some frames missing from last night. But I feel like I've finally sussed out Tracey's role in this whole art, money, advertising cosmic enchilada. He's basically a professional socializer. Which I mean in an obvious sense, where he goes out and socializes and that profits him. Um, but also in, like, a transitive sense, where he socializes other people, from separate groups of people with each other. And then that profits them. So you have, you know, creative, artistic types who get to meet people who can finance their dream projects. And you have wealthy would-be creative types who get to hang out with cool, interesting people and have them to their dinner parties, patronize. - This is getting worse. - Yeah, I -- I don't go to the city much, so when I do, I'm, like, "I want to party. What's Tracey doing?" He's like a -- a social concierge. At a base level, what he really is is a facilitator of fun, which is kind of its own currency in New York, especially among the class of people who are already, you know, have enough actual currency for this lifetime or several others. Oh. Oh, sorry. Kinda thought all the, uh, Zen stuff was a put-on at first. But more I think about it, like, if you ever read Alan Watts' lectures, especially, uh, his kinda spiel about prickles and goo, really applies to Tracey. He's the guy who takes people from the prickle world and introduces them to the goo people, just making ever more gooey prickles and prickly goo. Which is -- which is very Zen, indeed. This is, you know, almost as Zen as archery, which is, uh, something Tracey does as well. So once you get the technical side down of anything, right, the rest is magic. Right, right. Okay. And that's that beauty. That's the art that's gonna come to that. Yeah, exactly. Alan Watts. It's all music. You're supposed to be dancing. - Yeah. Exactly. - All right. Oh, Carl Jung, Alan Watts, Kierkegaard, right? All these... Thomas Morton. I look along my, uh, left hand? Say it again. Yeah, that looks -- that's -- arm straight. You want to bend it up like this. You want the bow to be level. Yeah. And pull it right up into here. This is the anchor right around here. - Right about... - Right around here. You want to -- you want to touch that with your finger, if you can. Okay. Touch your ear. All right. And then just let it go. It's your first time. Into the dirt. It's really sincerely not about hitting the target. Okay. It's like everything we've talked about all day, from the art world to business meetings to being with your friends, it's about being sincere. And this is just a vehicle to get you to that place... Got it. That is love, which is comfortable, which is Zen, which is whatever. So it really doesn't matter what vehicle you use - to get there. - Yeah. And once you let go and you're not trying hard... Yeah. That's when you get all the bull's-eyes. Right. Right. When you're letting go... Yeah. You're going like this. - Okay, I just want to... - And you go like that. I just want to keep the hand there and just... Keep the hand there and just let it go like that. I would t-- take a deep breath. Relax, and then just let go. Remember that feeling on the dance floor last night when that song played and just kicked in? Mm-hmm. That's what you're looking for, that feeling more than anything else. That nice, comfortable, happy place. Looking good, Mr. Morton. Oh, thank you. Surf the internet with browser of future osdb.link/brave 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 