Balls Deep: Season 1, Episode 1 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Balls Deep 
 s1e1 - Tent Preachin' - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Balls Deep (2016–…): Season 1, Episode 1 - Tent Preachin' - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 [ Speaking foreign language ] Strengthen this Christian fellow in the name of Jesus! I've heard people say, "Bless God, I'd love to have an old-time revival." If you want an old-time revival, it needs to start in you. God told me to tell the church, "Death... ain't... no... big... thing." * Amazing Grace * How sweet the sound America is God's country, and that God, predominately, is the Christian God. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 But outside of politics and social bickering, who really understands what American Christianity is all about in this day and age? And I went to Sunday school and consider myself relatively bright. I couldn't tell you the first thing about what the Trinity means, why you drink wine at church occasionally, or who's taking the collection money. It's all a mystery. Maybe that's the point? Regardless, to try to better understand Christianity in America, we have come to the most 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 quintessentially Christian part of America -- the Ozarks -- to observe one of the most quintessentially American forms of Christian worship -- Pentecostal tent revival. Not the snake-handling kind -- those are kind of creepy. The tent's in that trailer. Okay. I'm just gonna back in there, behind the tree. And the tent will go in here. Okay. My father, when I was a little boy, he had a 40x60 tent. I can remember tents as big as this entire piece of property, almost, and we could have 22,000 people. Can you imagine that? That's a lot of people. That's a lot of people, man. A lot of folks sweating, wasn't they? MAN: Join us now in worship, under one of the greatest gospel tents in the world, as we sing, preach, pray for salvation, and ask God's deliverance for the sick, the crippled, and the oppressed. MORTON: During the Pentecostal heyday in the '40s and '50s, revival preachers like A.A. Allen and Oral Roberts were crowding tens of thousands of believers under massive circus-style tents. Harvey Purdue started his preaching career during this glut, at the age of 12. And while the popularity of the tent revival has abated a little in recent years, his fervor has not. I was in style, man, in white shoes, the white belt. I got a bow tie, man. You notice that? Looking sharp. [ Laughs ] His main church these days is an old film theater in Hot Springs. But summertime is tent-pitching season for campers and Christians alike. I think people are wanting to come back to basics. The church is not some $22 million, $23 million facility. The church... is where Jesus is. * Some bright morning... Here's the big boy. * ...when this life is over, I'll fly away * Can you just yank that straight up? That ain't gonna work, is it? There you go, Thomas. * I'll fly away Are you all hot yet? Just right next to it? Right there. Oh! Oh, dang. Oh, man! Sh-Sh-- Sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry. - Man, I'm so sorry. - No, no, no. It's all right. MORTON: Aside from his daughter, Jenny Jo Purdue, Harvey's congregation skews a little to the older side. Of the 20-some regulars who came out to his tent-pitching potluck, the only ones who were able-bodied enough to actually pitch in were sister Becky... - Look at her! - Geez. HARVEY: Go, Becky! ...a John Henry-esque grandmother who probably drives stakes in her free time, and brother Ron... Uh-oh! ...an irrationally sweet Vietnam vet -- like the Pentecostal version of John Goodman's character in "The Big Lebowski." Brother Ron also brought a bunch of tools to help with the stake-driving -- including Sonny, a young man he picked up at the hardware store, looking for work. You ever help put up a tent? Yes, sir! Heck! Well, praise the Lord! That's a good swing. * I'll fly away Heat index, I think, today is supposed to be 105, which is, basically a fatal fever in a human body. Harvey, before we came down, had a heart attack -- had a fatal heart attack -- he was dead for 30 seconds, but doctors brought him back to life, which means -- Um, hang on -- he's got certain bona fides as a preacher, 'cause he's been through the veil. He's seen the other side. But also means he probably shouldn't be doing work like this in weather like this at all. Whoo. Get down, can't get up. - No joke. - Whew. Getting up's the hardest part. We'll have to put those flaps over. Let me get a little shade right now. Yeah, yeah. Sh-Shoot. I'm also having to correct for all my swears, which adds a mental step whenever anything bad happens. Oh! Hot. Gosh... darn it. What do you do instead of swearing? I'm just trying to stick to, like, light swears like "Dang..." You cracker factory. ...and "darn." Corn cob piper. Even Christians -- I don't care how righteous you may be -- we're all human. Are we beyond sin? No. Do we sin? Yes. You think about the word sin. What is sin? What is evil? Thomas, are you going to sin tomorrow? Probably, yeah, to be honest. Are you gonna sin next week? Very good chance. - Did you sin last week? - A lot. All of our sins was nailed to that cross. God the Father cannot look upon sin, Tom. If he did, he would destroy us, like that. But God looks through the eyes of Jesus. His blood flowed from his side. And when we come to him, it washes away those sins. 80% of his heart's not working. Is not working? That's the reason he's wearing that packet on the front. Pastor Hopper? Really? That's my buddy. All right, come on. - Ready? - Yep. There we go. That's what we want. HARVEY: Wait till you see the unity of the people. Hey, brother. Can you help us? And they're such good people. This is the worst reenactment of Iwo Jima I've ever been in. We're just trying to get to Heaven, you know, and that's all I care about. And you know what, bud? I plan on you going to Heaven with me, even though the bus ain't gonna leave today. There's a bus? MORTON: To drum up attendance for the night's revival, me and Harvey's live-at-home daughter Jenny Jo Purdue headed into town to do some light flyering. - Hey, guys. - Hey! What are y'all doing today? Tell me about this revival. - Oh, well... - With your dad? It is my dad's tent revival. It starts tonight. It's going to be at my house. Hey, Aaron. How are you? I'm good. You remember me, right? Jenny? When revivals started they had, sort of, less competition as far as amusements in town, but nowadays, you know, Hot Springs is basically a tourist town, so you can go hang out on the lake, you can go get drunk, you can go play laser tag, go-carts, they got the baths here. Even the theater Harvey holds his regular Sunday services in forces him to compete against a year-long horror festival and a Bill Clinton impersonator who does magic. We couldn't interest you in coming to this, uh, tent revival, could we? Oh. You should try to make it one night. I wish I could. I work every night. And... where are you? Oh, no! Unfortunately, the location's not on there. No. Might be hard to... Might be hard to find us! ...get the word out. Right. Slight oversight. Sure. That went well. Yeah. I think so. The thing you got to remember, Thomas, is younger generations don't really know about tent revivals. It's more my dad's generation. It's kind of dying out, isn't it? It is. It's sad. It's kind of a dying breed. [ Distant singing ] * Jesus, could you please save New York? * * And Dallas, St. Louis, and Detroit * * Let your hand of mercy... MORTON: Before retreating to the woods of Arkansas, Harvey spent a decade recording music in the closest thing the region has to a belly of the beast -- Nashville. All together, I've got about 23 awards in music. And I was one of the first to ever record country gospel. I played like fire on Southern gospel stations. It was unreal. You know? They didn't know what to do with me. Uh, the Grand Ole Opry love me. MORTON: Is that you and Margaret Thatcher? Yeah. Oh, wow. Yeah. Me and Bill Clinton and Margaret Thatcher. Slick Willie and the Iron Lady. MORTON: So, country's really good with gospel. How are, like, Pentecostal Christians with, like, country music? Do you run into flak for playing both? Used to -- "Hey, man, if you play country music, you going to hell. You're a Pentecostal preacher. Why are you singing country music?" Because when our people leave our church on Sunday, they don't listen to the gospel music stations. They're listening to country music. [ Laughs ] The thing about it is getting the gospel out. That's what it's about. MORTON: After Jenny Jo was born, Harvey left the fleshpots of central Tennessee and recommitted his family to clean country living. JENNY JO: You know, you talk about Pentecostalism and the Holy Ghost. I've had some experiences with the Holy Ghost, myself. It was about a year ago. I was grieving the loss of my mom, and my dad said, "Well, let's pray." Before I knew it, I was speaking in tongues, my arms were moving, my legs were going up and down, and then I do this for 45 minutes. Do you feel anything when it's coming on? Or is it just... suddenly you're in the throes? [ Sighs ] You feel, like, a warmth, like, this uplifting peace, this immense peace like there's not another thing in this world but you and God. Just the way you describe it sounds like the greatest drug rush ever, you know? [ Laughter ] Let me let you finish with your makeup. Oh, no. You're cool. You've been holding that, uh... Um, I don't know what things are. This is called lip liner. It makes my lips look fuller. Oh. Okay. HARVEY: You washed your hair earlier? Yes. We're gonna put a little aloe vera on it. Aloe. Like this -- put it on both your hands. I always rub my face down with this. This is great for your skin. Now, you see what I'm doing right here? Okay. Bring it down a little and then go up. Just a little. I got a little bald spot in the back, so we have to conceal it. You do a good job of that. I didn't notice until now. [ Laughs ] It seems to me, if you're preaching in a tent, that you'd kind of be dressed down or something, but that's not the case at all. Most times, I like to dress up. When you look at businessmen, most of them look the part, don't they? Of course. Because it's a sign of success. Just because you're a preacher doesn't mean that you shouldn't look nice, because who I work for is the Lord Jesus Christ. And when it comes to working for the Lord, shouldn't we look our best? Mic check -- one, two. One, one. One, one, one. One, one, one. One. One. So, band's tuning up right now. Got a few more minutes. Cross guy is Skip, who drags his cross across the country and also runs a karate school and body shop. I think he's playing drums tonight, actually. Hey, Skip. So, you're playing drums tonight? Okay. Band sounds good. Looking forward to this, especially the Holy Spirit component, which, the way Jenny Jo describes it, seems like very strong MDMA. One! Two! Three! Jesus! Jesus! Jesus! Jesus! * Well, what do you know about King Jesus * * He's all right * He's all right * He's all right * All right 'Cause there's gonna come a day, it's gonna be you and Satan. And you gonna face off with him. And you gonna say, "In the name of Jesus, bow!" And I'm-a tell you, he gonna drop just like a gun shot him! Stop trying to figure it out for yourself, and go to God and say, "God, I need your power! God, give me more power! More power! More power." [ Drums playing ] [ Thunder rumbles ] God's got something for you, but you got to get out of the boat. He wants you to walk on the water! Do we let ourselves get so clouded with fear and doubt sometimes that we don't recognize the man walking on the water?! [ Thunder crashes ] That's okay. Hey, we're fine. Thank you, Jesus. That's what happens when you get saved. You go from the darkness to light. MORTON: Pentecostalism comes form Methodism, which is what I grew up as -- pretty much the most staid, middle-of-the-road, Sunday Christian Protestantism on the market. Where the standard Christian church service hinges on providing congregants enough coffee to keep them awake the full hour, Pentecostal church is a high-octane, super-personal shout-a-thon tailored to not only keep the audience's attention for hours on end, but to batter them so hard with God's word, they end up seizing on the ground in fits of praise. It's like mainlining Jesus. While some Pentecostal preachers were able to turn their revival ministries into lucrative televangelical empires, the vast majority are still out working the tent circuit. HARVEY: There was a man that was brought to the gate of the temple every day. He couldn't walk. And two preachers full of the Holy Ghost come walking up to the temple gate, and they looked at him, And Simon Peter said, "Silver and gold have I none." He had to be a Pentecost preacher. He was broke! God wants his church to be filled with the spirit. He wants us walking in the spirit. He wants us talking in the spirit. He wants us to have wisdom and knowledge in the Holy Ghost, because he wants to do some signs and wonders. All you got to do is let him have you. And hey, let him have your tongue, and watch out -- you gonna think you Japanese. Amen. So far, we haven't seen any of the nine spiritual gifts of Pentecostals manifest themselves. Those are, like, the speaking in tongues, falling on the floor, rolling around, healing -- nobody's been healed yet. It's kind of just, like, open mic Christianity. How many of you have ever seen a miracle? TOGETHER: Amen. MAN: Well, now y'all looking at another one. I been shot. I been cut. I've drowned twice. You see that brown Cadillac Escalade there? God gave it to me. - All right. - Listen. [ Applause ] Heaven... How long has it been since you been in church, brother? Been quite a while. I believe God sent you here to help me put this tent up. We had bags in this tent. Thomas, you know we we couldn't hardly get them out. Couldn't do it. And Sonny, I'm gonna ask you to pray with me. Would you do that? You trust me? Do you trust me? Yes. I want you to pray for each other's needs. [ Speaking foreign language ] I pray in Jesus' name. In Jesus' name! In Jesus' name. Oh, yes. Strengthen him. Strengthen this Christian fellow in the name of Jesus! Oh, yes. Oh, yes, Jesus. [ Speaks foreign language ] Oh, yes. Yes, Jesus. Oh, Lord, yes. HARVEY: Hallelujah! When you get discouraged, all you got to do is say "Jesus!" - Jesus. - Jesus! - Jesus! - Jesus! Yeah. It's like the bad way I was doing it, but this is better. Jesus! - Jesus! That's all you got to say. Incidentally, Pentecostalism is named after the day Jesus' disciples first felt the Holy Spirit and ended up tongue-speaking so hard the rest of the temple thought they were drunk, which I can see. Now, we're seeing something very Pentecostal right now. Glory to God. Nobody pushed her. Hallelujah! All right! God, let your power go through this man! Heal this big man with your Holy Ghost power! Praise it, Victor! Dance! Somebody else want to dance for Jesus? * The Holy Ghost wraps us... Hallelujah! * And you holy... * Like you came in Jesus' name * Hang on, everybody. Hang on, everybody. Just let her praise the Lord. - Thomas? - Yes, sir. What do you think about this? Um... I'm glad somebody put a coat on her to keep her warm, but it's -- it's also very exciting to see. [ Indistinct talking ] Now, let me ask you something. Yeah. Are you in training? For what? Being a preacher. Like, I'm not taking classes, or nothing. Would you like to speak tomorrow? Yeah. If it's the kind of thing you think I could do. - I believe you could. - Okay. Everybody, before you leave tonight -- I'm gonna tell them. You can't back out. Okay. Everybody, listen to me. Brother Thomas asked if he could preach tomorrow. MAN: Yeah! Let's hear Thomas! Can y'all say "Praise the Lord" with Thomas? ALL: Praise the Lord! Can you say it again? Praise the Lord! Have you lost any of your relatives? My dad died around, er, it would've been February 2013. Oh, wow. Oh, you just lost your dad. - Yeah. - Yeah. How old was your father? He was 62. 62. My goodness. Yeah. Thomas? Come and stand with us. Delores, this is my friend Thomas. From New York. [ Sniffles ] Give Thomas' dad a big ol' hug up there. His name's Thomas, too. Thomas? You're Thomas, Jr.? Uh... different middle names. Different middle name. Yeah, okay. [ Sniffles ] Delores -- my woman, my wife, [ Voice breaking ] my pretty sweet lady, and my soul mate. I never come here that I don't give her kisses. Oh. We'll see you, babe. [ Sniffles ] We'll see you. Jenny Jo lent me her -- I think this is the very first Bible she had. It's a real nice, little pink one. She was worried I wouldn't like it on account of the feminine qualities, but it's more of a salmon. My method for my sermon I kind of just adopted from something Harvey had been preaching about, which was just flipping through the Bible at random. And I opened to, like, three different places that mentioned, like, Moses and the Israelites in the wilderness, so I took that. I don't know if that's just a coincidence or a sign from God or if there really is a distinction if you're a Pentecostal. Hey. HARVEY: Could you put your hands together for my brother Thomas from New York? [ Applause ] Thank you all. Thank you. It's very pleasant today, out here in the country. We have this lovely banner behind us about John the Baptist -- "The voice of one crying in the wilderness" -- but, far and away, the most wildernessy of wildernesses, I was very, very fortunate to travel with a French scientist to the Malaysian rainforest. All the plants have big, nasty spikes on them. All the monkeys aren't fun, either. They throw things at you -- nuts if you're lucky. And so we started trekking. The guide just smiled at us and said, "Don't worry about it. This is a fun route." And some six hours after we left the plant, we started looking around and wondering, like, which route were we taking? What is this shortcut to? We were getting nasty to each other. That's when we were really kind of losing hope, and I swear before God, there was a beam of light and a little flutter of butterflies dancing in the sunlight right there. Cameraman who'd been bit by a leech, he took the time to wash out his shirt. Held it up before us and he said, "Can't hardly see the blood no more!" In the book of Exodus, the children of Israel spent 40 years walking in the wilderness. - Amen. - Amen. On day 3, the children of Israel began murmuring against the Lord. They murmured and they said, "Why? Why did we leave Egypt for this? Just to die in the wilderness?" We're all passing through the wilderness. We're all getting away from Egypt. I spoke to Brother Skip about his drug problem for methamphetamine. And I'm ashamed to say I've had experience with methamphetamine, and it's a particularly vicious, nasty sort of drug. You may not feel terrible the next morning. You may make it a day or two, and you think you're through the wilderness already, but it gets its little hooks in you and it draws you back. It doesn't make you think, "Well, I'm glad I got that out of me and now I can fix myself." I makes you think, "I need more of that now." You know, "'Wherefore did you take me out of Egypt for this?' I feel awful." And there's a lot of children out there who are stuck in the wilderness, and they're looking back and they're saying, "You know, things were a lot better. Things were a lot better when I was high. Things were a lot better when I was going to bars, when I was going out." Moses wasn't the only one who didn't make it into Canaan on his own. Let this be a warning. Make it through the wilderness, so we can all stand in Heaven together and say "I made it through the wilderness." [ Applause ] Thank you very much, Brother Harvey. Thank you, everybody. You've been a blessing to me. When you're preaching under your own tent, don't forget me. No. You'll be there. I love you, man. I love you, too, bud. Well, I think that went all right. It's definitely fun up there. It was kind of a cross between stand-up comedy and, sort of, like, group therapy, mixed with a little bit of, like, Bible trivia. At the same time, I wonder if there's kind of a sense of, sort of, religious entropy at play here. As boring as things like the Catholic Church and Orthodox rituals are, there's still a reason for those rituals and they're kind of geared towards holding a mass audience together. In these churches, everybody's kind of chasing their own belief system, and you see its effects right away, where there's a number of very slightly older people and very few young people, give or take a Sonny or a Jenny Jo. It makes you wonder how a church like this can maintain steam in this modern era, with our MTV and our T-Rex laser tag golf. And also, not to crib from the book of Groucho, but I'm a little bit worried for any faith that would have me as a preacher. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 