Balls Deep: Season 1, Episode 4 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Balls Deep 
 s1e4 - Bears - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Balls Deep (2016–…): Season 1, Episode 4 - Bears - full transcript 
 Bear Week is where all the heaviest, hairiest homos come to celebrate their heft. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 ** [ Water splashing ] Hi, it's Thomas. I'm in Cape Cod in a pool full of bears, cubs, otters, and other hairy homosexual wildlife. This is Provincetown Bear Week. ** Over the last 50 years, American gays have gone from a clandestine clique of queens and butchies to a rich mini-hewed quilt of types and sub-types, all of whom may now legally wed. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 The burliest square of this queer patchwork is the bears, who meet once a year at the uncut tip of Cape Cod. * Dum, dum, dum, dum, dum, dum, dum, dum * * Do, do, do, do, do, do do, do-do-do-do * Provincetown's been hosting Bear Week for the last 15 years. Even before the bears came, this place was a mecca for gay life, dating back to the '20s and '30s when artists like Tennessee Williams would come and mix with the sailor folk and Portuguese fishermen. It's a weird little pocket of sort of fun and open-mindedness for New England, especially considering the first residents here were the Pilgrims. It's also impressively cute, 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 which has always held a high premium in the gay community. [ Bicycle bell rings ] MAN: So, have you guys been poolside? "Bear soup," as it's called. - Is it? - Yeah. [ Laughs ] We met a couple bears from Arkansas named Gary and Jay who invited us to a pool party today. Oh, my God. - I know. THOMAS: That's what you meant by bear soup. Yeah. This is bear soup. [ Laughs ] [ Hawaiian music plays ] There's so much men in there. Everyone thinks of bears as being big, fat, overweight, you know, beefy guys. There are a lot of guys that are in really good shape. THOMAS: I heard "muscle bear." Is that a derogatory term, or...? No. That's probably more what we identify with. Yeah. You guys are, like, classic strong men. [ Laughs ] They have all these, you know, different names for, you know, guys that have no hair but consider themselves bears. Yeah. Okay, furry and in shape is an otter. - That's an otter. - And a cub's just a -- A cub's, like, a young, hairy guy. Okay. - Usually a young, hairy guy. - Yeah. And then you see, like, the silver-haired... - Polar bears. - Yeah. - Those are polar bears. - Polar bears. - Yeah. - [ Laughs ] Some of the Asian guys call themselves pandas. - Hmm. - [ Laughs ] THOMAS: Before they had their own flags with the sub-types, bears were a fringe stripe of the gay sub-cultural rainbow. Too hairy for the Chelsea boy queen scene, too hefty for the Castro clones, bears quietly consorted with one another through early internet usenet groups and mailing lists in the back pages of "Bear" magazine before finally bursting into the gay overground with the first international Bear Rendezvous in 1995. Today, there are Rendezvous-style events like Bear Week all year long and across the country, and bears make up, at least in terms of mass, the largest distinct body of gay men in America. ** This is kind of a refreshing antidote to the usual vacation scene where everybody's trying to keep as much space from each other as possible. Here, I don't think there's a single foot of unbroken skin contact, as far as I can see, across the pool. It's only a matter of how much water is displacing right now. It's probably two feet deep. I told him he ought to watch the Bear Boat go off. Oh, that's a trip, yeah. - At 7:00 A.M. tomorrow? - Yeah. This whole group goes and gets on a ferry, and it's just wild. - That's kind of terrifying. - Oh, my God. ** You're not getting on this boat? I am not. I went on this boat last year, and it felt like a prison sentence. [ Laughs ] THOMAS: While the planned activities seemed designed to cater to the older bear crowd, the younger cubs and otters have devised their own circuit for Bear Week. Bye! - Bye! Do this! [ Horn honks ] There's so much man on that boat. Exactly. Ready? - Oh. Let's go to your spot -- the fried dough spot. Okay. Yeah, I got to go where the party's at. Big Dipper is a bear from Chicago and is a rap artist. I think Big Dipper is not his Christian name but in fact his hip-hop name. Or maybe bear name. I don't know if they have those. Dig in there. They're hot. Oh, nice. Yeah, fresh out of the window, too. - This looks good. - Mm-hmm. Classic dough. - Yeah. THOMAS: When did you come into beardom? I would say, for me, it was, like, when I first become aware of my body. Like, my body is, like, meant to be thick. And then not until I was 24 did I, like, see my body elsewhere in the world, and I was like, "Oh, like, people are into this." So were you attracted to bears before you kind of, like, realized you were one? I didn't quite get it. I was attracted to what I thought the sort of, like, gay man was. Oh, okay, so -- So it was like, oh, like, big muscles and, like, waxed chests, and, like, chiseled male-model features, and I was like, "Oh, okay." [ Bicycle bell rings ] And that is attractive. It's not that it's not attractive. Yeah. But then I was like, "Is it okay for me to be attracted to a 65-year-old man who has, like, a beer gut?" And I was like, "Yes. The answer is yes." ** After our dough break, Dipper took me on a bike-back tour of Bear Week's less-savory haunts. It's a comfy ride. [ Laughter ] So, this, my friend, I do believe, is the Dick Dock. THOMAS: It looks just like a very regular dock right now. I think if the hour was later and the sun was down, you'd see a lot more dick here at the Dick Dock. I'm just surprised not to see kind of like, detritus, like, lube or condom wrappers, or -- I would say, if we went journeying inside, we may encounter some of those things. That's lube. - Okay. A lot a lube. - Yeah, but look. You can imagine there are all great places to sort of hold on or bend over... - Yeah. - ...and lean up against, or... get thrown up against. Tons of condoms. 1, 2, 3, 4, 5. Wow, okay. There's your evidence, Thomas. Yeah. What is going on? I'm glad we're both seeing it. That's the kind of thing that you catch out of the corner of your eye. You would see it -- And start cataloging how many times you've taken acid in the past. Actually, being down here for the first time -- You know how sometimes you need to go somewhere first to feel comfortable? - Right. Yeah. Now I'm like -- Oh, I could do that. I could come back here. - I could do that, yeah. Maybe I'll come get my dick sucked tonight. Yeah. ** THOMAS: Bear Week is more than just fleshy, sweat-drenched dance parties, although there are those in abundance every night and pretty much every hour of every day. There's regular kind of vacation stuff you can do -- bike rides, beach trips, and shows, art galleries featuring art by bears for bears that otherwise involve beardom in some way, or just are pictures of bears... naked. CHARLIE: "Loved" is an exploration of sexual identity, and the prints show the outward signs of what being a bear is. And people often ask me about the nudity in this show. THOMAS: Uh-huh. Some of the bears have issues about their weight and so forth. So they say that they find it kind of empowering. And I feel that I get a sense of the emotion that they're going through if they're uncomfortable with their bodies, or some guys are, like, totally cool about it and they just drop their trousers immediately and they stand like -- ** Beardom's obviously predicated on a healthy acceptance of your, you know, given body type. Well, I don't really conform to the bear physical attributes -- I don't think I'm even really an otter. I'm not without my personal peccadillos. I could, you know, stand to tighten up the tum a little. I've got this acne I'm really not fond of, but there's a yoga studio here in Provincetown that teaches body awareness, where they kind of, through whatever yogic methods, help you accept who you are. Hi, there. I'm Freddy. How are you? - Hi. Thomas. - Thomas. - How are you? - This is Jay. - Hi. - And Paul. - Hello, hello. And we're gonna walk you through a couple of things that we do in the workshop. We reach out and say "Welcome, brother"... - Okay. - ...to the guy in front of you. Welcome, brother. - Welcome, brother. - Can I have a hug? - Yes. Good. Yes. You may. Okay. Mm-hmm. Okay. So we want to honor this man. We want to honor the fact that this is not always easy for all men to do. May I help remove your armor? - Please do. - Okay. [ Laughs ] Here we go. May I appreciate your body with my hands? Yes. Noting that there's differences between us and that everything is beautiful, and that every man has beauty. Mm-hmm. So then we'll remove the rest of the clothing. - May I do that for you? - Yes. May I have remove -- Could you remove my clothing? Yes. May I touch your cock and honor it? - Yes. - Then I would do that. - This is a place of power. - Mm. This is a place of life-giving energy. This isn't about having sex. This is about honoring each other's bodies. It's about honoring our masculine power. Would you like to do that to me, too? Um, I think so. [ Laughs ] This is a source of power. - Yeah, yeah. - Life. This is not just a sex organ. It's a -- - Good. I mean, this may be a really stupid question, but, like, how bad are body images in the bear community? I thought that was all, like, once you're a bear -- - You'd be surprised. - Yeah. You know, I'm obviously a very big bear, and I -- I struggle with my body image every day. I would love to be thinner. I'm working on it. But the point is meeting us where we're at. I'm in this house right now. This is the house I live in. I need to honor this house. And by doing these kind of workshops, we can all start being a little bit more comfortable with where we're at, and then we can demonstrate -- One of my big sayings is that confidence is sexy. There have been some guys that have had a really hard time getting into this, and, like, even broken down. A lot of times, the bear community has been criticized for winding up being something to exclude people, which is kind of the antithesis of why it started. And so we love doing something where we're about including everybody. Welcome, brother. Can I hug you? Take your walk. You walk down here, and we touch you in the front. - Welcome, brother. - Welcome, brother. So how was that for you? Not sure. It's a lot of touching. [ Laughs ] Thanks, y'all. It didn't tickle, even. You guys have a good touch. A good touch. - Thank you so much. - Thank you, guys. THOMAS: One thing that's a little weird about bears that I've noticed is compared to the other major gay sub-cultures like leather daddies and drag queens, whose members, I feel like, have a -- usually have a pretty strong knowledge of their group's history background, most of the bears I meet couldn't tell you the first thing about how beardom came to be, aside from how they got involved in it. Luckily, Provincetown is the home to a number of figures from gay history, from John Waters, who you should know, to Armistead Maupin, whose "Tales of the City" series basically defined gay life in America in the '70s and '80s. Maupin's agreed to meet us for lunch. - Hi. - Hi. - How are you doing? - How are you? I'm Thomas. Hi, Thomas. Nice to meet you. Damn it, in my day, we had to walk 4 miles through the snow just to get our cocks sucked. Now they can find it on an app and look at the dick beforehand, and -- There was a certain thrill to unwrapping the package and seeing what you had when you got home, you know? When I was a young man in San Francisco, there were guys that sort of dressed in lumberjack shirts and were more easy-going, friendly, masculine, laid-back, and sometimes bigger guys, sometimes hairier, not necessarily. It was a mind-set as much as anything. The term "bear" -- was that in common usage, like, in San Francisco in the '80s before -- I wrote about it in 1999 in a novel I was working on, and it was already there, yeah. The coffee shop in The Castro was known as the bear gathering place. It's now Starbucks, of course. Of course. Beardom's been growing, like, at least -- Leaps and bounds. It's an industry now. Tons, yeah. And the thing I love so much about gay life in general is that we are not as exclusionary as the rest of the world in terms of what we expect in a sexual partner. I know many women who don't want a man if he's shorter than she is. Oh, of course. And gay men have learned to eroticize almost everything. THOMAS: Gay men's ability to make any body trait a turn-on doesn't just ensure that everybody gets laid. It leads to an ever-increasing and sub-dividing web of new sexual niches with their own rules and markers, even within the already pretty niche-y world of bears. Are you a bear? - I would be considered a pup. - A pup. Okay. But like, I have a master, like, my boyfriend, so... - Oh, okay. - That's what the lock means. - I see. - Yep. So what's going on tonight? So they have Furball, and then there's also Brut. I'm working Furball. Could we come over and see you change? - Most definitely. - Okay. Yeah. Just hit me up. You guys have my cellphone, I think, so... ** THOMAS: Bear Week is great. Everybody just starts drinking at about 9:00 A.M. jumps in the pool, and then goes from party to party to party until about 2:00 or 3:00 in the morning. It's the most laissez-faire environment, I think, I've ever been in. ** Hello. How you doing? - Hey. - How's it going? - What's going on? - I like this. Yeah, we -- [ Laughs ] Oh, shoot. That's new, I guess. Ooh. Can I try on the harness? - Certainly. - I've never worn one of those. This also would signal, because of the color, that you are into fisting. - Fisting, right? Mm-hmm. That's right. [ Laughs ] Are you more dominant or more submissive? I don't know. Kind of in between. - Okay. - Do I have pick one? You got to -- What do you feel in the mood tonight for? - Probably dominant. - Dominant? All right. THOMAS: The hanky code harkens back to the days before AIDS, when guys would signal to each other what type of sex they were into by color -- red for fisting, pink for dildos, yellow for piss play, and straight on down the rainbow. These days, there are somehow 50-plus colors of hanky, and you can even stamp a cartoon pig on your color to indicate whatever type of kink you're into, you like to do it "piggy style." Is piggy another category I get, or just like, straight-up description? Both. Piggy would just be, again, like bare-back sex, and very, like, raw. Very hard-core. - Okay. Because, again, you have, like, the Truvada movements. What's Truvada? So Truvada is something that people would take who are negative, HIV-negative. Oh. Yep. So that prevents you, for the most part, from catching HIV, or contracting it. Oh. So that's why you're having this emergence of piggy-ness. I see. Okay. 'Cause you have that very raw, aggressive mentality that's from the 1970s that you kind of saw subside in the '80s with the AIDS. - Right, okay. I mean, it just kind of flatlined in the '90s, and then you see this, again, rise. Do you take it, or no? No, I do not take it. - Oh, okay. - So. Yes, I'm HIV-positive, but undetectable. So... I take my Complera. - Oh. - So -- I can't believe I just said that on camera. It used to be a big thing for me, but I remember when I was diagnosed, I mean -- [ Exhales sharply ] - That must have been -- Probably the most -- not probably -- the most intense experience I've ever had. But it's not -- It's not the death sentence it was July 4, 1982. - Right. Right. - So... I chug my little wine. Yeah, yeah. [ Both laugh ] * Put the money down my pants, down my pants, down my pants * * Put the money down my pants, down my pants, down my pants * * Put the money down my pants, down my pants, down my pants * * Put the money down my pants, down my pants, down my pants * THOMAS: Dancing with bears is intense. It's, like, most clubs when everybody has their shirts off are kind of like a sea of flesh, but that's a solid just ocean of skin just rubbing up against you. I'm probably covered with the sweat of at least 10 different men. And the smells alternate from, like, the stronger, most-potent poppers you could ever buy combined with just, like, the stankest, most unclean locker room of all time. It's just this full-body sensory overload. It must be what it's like to just be absorbed into God's belly. Like, the undistilled essence of maleness. Solid men. You know, for a sub-culture that kind of prides itself on relaxation and being very laid-back, bears do plan a lot of shit for their week. Tonight, after all the daytime stuff, there are no less than, like, eight parties here, like this cabaret act called "Showgirls," which is some sort of bear drag amateur revue, I think our rapping pal, Big Dipper, might be participating in. ** What's up, P-town? [ Cheering ] Oh, hi. My name is Big Dipper. I'm gonna rap a little bit about dick and a little bit about ass-fucking. * Big belly, thick thighs, I'm a fat homo * * See me swishing my hips, I'm a fag homo * * Craving dick when I'm lit, I'm-a grab a homo * * Don't spit cum, spit bars, I'm a rap homo * * Sex in the city, I've got sex with no titties * * My life is just like Glee, I'm singing show tune diddies * * I'm like grrr, woof, fuck yea * * I'm a bear, big, thick body all covered in hair * [ Cheering ] Here are the four cunt-testants. [ Laughter ] Only applaud for who you want to win. Let's get it up for Big Dipper. [ Cheering ] - Dude. - Hey. - Good work. You knew it. - Thank you. Yeah, I'm glad you got to see the show. It seems like it was a fix. What are you gonna do with the $500? Um... I don't know, pay my phone bill, maybe? Bye! Thank you! The night's already three or four hours in, but I think it's just starting. [ Bicycle bell rings ] I feel like a freshman at the ultimate high-school party right now. I hope people like me. ** * We came back in time * We came back in time * We came back in time, yeah * We came back in time Yes. So if you do shout, it'll tell you how many bears you can send it to. THOMAS: How many bears can you send it to right now? 1,530. - [ Laughs ] - Five-mile radius. Within a five-mile radius, there's 1,500 -- Yes. Not just 1,500 bears, but 1,500 bears specifically on Growlr right now. ** I guess I'm gonna down to Dick Dock and see if any of the fish are biting. [ Men panting ] That was extremely jarring. There was pretty much every manner of sexual congress I could think of on display under that dock. 3-ways to like, 12-ways to group sucks to circle jerks, and just -- the air smelled of ass and cum. And a little bit of lube. It was very intense. Well, if the Dick Dock taught me anything, aside from a number of new sexual positions I hadn't thought of, is that I'm definitely straight, which is a shame because in terms of lifestyles, bears can't be beat. I mean, this is one of the most luxurious vacations I've ever had. They're living at the apogee of human pleasure. It's almost like they're artists of personal enjoyment. And it's a sustainable lifestyle. As you get older, you get more desirable and get more attention. You can just keep on doing it until you die. I almost kind of wonder where gay culture evolves from here -- if it leads into the mainstream or if there's something even better in the works. I do know that gays lead the way all the time, so if there is something better than bears, they'll be the ones who have it. Oh, well. Maybe I can learn. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 