Balls Deep: Season 1, Episode 7 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Balls Deep 
 s1e7 - Last Week of High School - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Balls Deep (2016–…): Season 1, Episode 7 - Last Week of High School - full transcript 
 The senior class of two Gary, Indiana high schools get ready to graduate. SENIORS! 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 ♪♪ [ Indistinct conversations ] Thomas: Holy shit. Is that a Corvette? It's a fucking Vette. I told you. He don't know what he's doing driving that bitch is like... [ Engine revs loudly ] And he got pipes on it. I got my nigga Tom here, he with a camera crew, like I told y'all motherfuckers. I ain't walking in with you. I'm walking in by my damn self. I'm sorry. Come on, Tom. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Uh... We gonna find something to do tonight. Okay. Yeah. We walk out there -- We walking out there together, bro. You ain't my date, but we walking out there together, all right? Okay. Thank you. You -- You ever fuck an 18-year-old black bitch? Um... [ Cheers and applause ] - ♪ Let's do it - Yeah! ♪ Get to it ♪ Let's do it ♪ Come on ♪ Come on 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 ♪ Let's do it ♪ Get to it ♪ Let's do it Oh! [ Indistinct conversations ] Thomas: Graduating high school is the quintessential American coming-of-age ritual. It's the one we all go through no matter where we are in the country, no matter what background we come from, unless you're a weird homeschool kid. As more kids go to college and adolescence gets extended from 18 often to the 20s for a lot of people, it's a rite of passage that many communities, I feel, take for granted. However, in a community like Gary, where not everyone graduates high school and not everyone makes it to 18 alive, it's still a big deal. It's still when you become a man... or a woman. It's been a decade and a half since I graduated high school, and I have no clue what kids get up to these days. Are you worried at all about, like, teachers smelling weed off you? Man, they smell that shit every fucking day. I met a kid named Keith who goes to a school here called New Tech. Do we smile or no -- no smile? No, man, we -- we -- we do anything, man. Oh. No smile. Okay. They had their prom pretty late. So, I went with them. It was a pretty fun time, like very regular prom-y, sort of like a lot of, like, grand ambitions of getting and laid and getting, like, completely wasted, kind of pared down to sort of just going to the thing, dancing a lot, hanging out pretty much the same places you would normally on, like, a high-school weekend, but in extremely fancier clothing. Wanted to make sure he had a good time on his prom! Oh! Keith's also got a friend named Triston who goes to the fancy arts school across town. I got restricted from parties by my girlfriend. How long does this restriction last? Is it indefinite? Life? For as long as she's there, that restriction's there. Keith and Triston are both graduating at the same time. They're gonna be sort of our guides to the underworld of the last week of high-school. Monte calling. Hello? Yeah. Your phone's blowing up. Yeah, nigga. Where you at? You need to come pick me up. - Where you at? - Come to my block. Nigga, I'm on feet. Any day, he'll go right there. That boy is faithful. I swear. You got good friends, man. Oh, yeah, man, we -- Yeah, man, we -- we -- we all we got. Whew. - How you doing, Monte? - I'm good. I just came from a job interview. I got a job today. Oh, yeah? Where at? - Charley's in the mall. - Oh, they hired you, bro? - Yeah, I start -- - Slick! - I start today at 4:30. - Aw, shit! [ Laughs ] [ Laughs ] Yeah. That's what the fuck I'm talking about. Now, that's it, bro. The whole squad got jobs now. Gary has kind of like a track system with their high schools. Instead of having, like, everybody in the same building, there's, like, a separate school for, like, the arts and gifted kids, and then New Tech is like the trade school. That's where Keith and his friends go. What's this thing? This is my senior checkout card. I need this to get my cap and gown so I can graduate. Oh, cool. So, it's like a little scavenger hunt. Yeah. Mr. Bodie, the man I'm looking for. We need that golden signature. Mr. Smith, we need some signatures. I need your John Hancock. - For what? - Our blue cards. - No, no, I'm not signing it. - You ain't signing it? - Oh, I can't sign this. - Why? 'Cause I don't want you to leave. Ah! - You got a pen? - I got -- Man. Do anybody have a pen for this man, please? Rumor has it there's an electric chair back there for the bad kids. No, no, no, no, no. Ms. Hogan already signed right there. I had you. You remember -- Oh, yes. There? Okay. Yeah. So, Keith, Michael, and Monte all got, I think, most of their signatures they need to pick up their cap and gown. That's like the order of business today. No, I ain't got no balance. They -- Matter of fact, when they sent me my stuff, they didn't even send anything. - Like what? - I don't know. You got to call my people. Call your people? [ Laughs ] It's like whatever muscle was in the school has just relaxed, and all the kids are just kind of floating around. Attendance is pretty much a formality at this point. So, tomorrow the last day? All right, I'm -- I'm finna to go get all my stuff out of my locker, too. My jumpsuit and shit. This is the shop, bro. Which one's yours? Is that the Dodge? Yep. My bumper fucked up. Crazy story. Man, we spent a lot of hours in here, boy. This is gonna be -- This is gonna be a good memory. So, this is Keith's car that he screwed up. I think a radiator blew and warped the cylinders, which probably means it's a junker. But he's still been working on it. He has to get it out of here on the last day of school because obviously it would just sit around the rest of the summer if he didn't. It's kind of an interesting. I think an auto shop in, like, kind of like suburban world is sort of just like a last-ditch attempt to reform, you know, basically juvenile delinquents for the bottom of the class, but here in Gary, it feels like not only, like, everybody's really excited about being in auto shop, but it's like an extremely valid skill. It's put Keith and Monte on the track to -- to get jobs out of -- out of the city. How long you been in that program? - What? - Auto. KEITH: This is my third year. When I started off in here, we was doing engines and stuff, but now we ain't really doing nothing. - Why not? - Oh, 'cause last year, during the summer, they had a big misunderstanding, and they auctioned off everything we had in here. Like, we had cars in here. We had an old Benz in here, a Cadillac. The school sold them off? - Yeah, the school sold them off. - Huh. Young Man: Tag it, bro. All right. [ Beeping ] Gary, Indiana's in pretty rough shape. It was once a thriving steel town in the middle of the last century and birthplace of the Jackson 5 that got hit hard by the forces that affected the Rust Belt. De-industrialization took the jobs away. White flight took the tax base out into the exurbs, and what was left is what you see behind me -- a de-urbanized, rotting hulk. For the kids graduating this year from Gary's high schools, this is what the town has always looked like. It kind of goes without saying it's a pretty harsh place to come of age. This is G, Man, this is Broadway. Back in the day -- they'll show you pictures -- this used to be lined with cars, all these businesses open, thriving, folks walking up the street like it was New York. You know, they'd be crowded as shit. - Yeah. - That's how it used to be, man. And I look at it. I'm like, "Damn, I wish I could have lived here back when it was like that." Has it always been like this for you, or is it in the middle? For me? For me? Yeah. [ Horn honks ] Ah, come on, now. I know y'all been hitting all these potholes in Gary -- or seeing them. Yeah. The roads are a little rough, man. Psht. A little? That's the school we used to go to. It's abandoned now. That field has not been mowed in a long time. That's how all the schools is around here that's abandoned and all that. Is that 'cause there's, like, less kids? Like, what's -- Is it just money, or is it because people have moved out? No, what it is, is property tax. You know, they get money off property tax. Right. All these houses are abandoned or becoming abandoned, and then the people that do have houses -- they're not paying their taxes. You know, they're getting foreclosed and all of that. That causes our schools to have no money. Ah, cool. So, we're in actual Gary right now, right? This is actual Gary, and it's kind of a bad part of town. Right. - Oh, shit. - Yeah. Actual setup. Yeah. Yeah, he -- Young Man: Now, what it this? [ Indistinct conversations ] [ Laughter ] - What's that? - Blessing the bottles. Thomas: Oh. How do you do that? - Just -- - Just tap it a couple times. - Yeah. - Tap it a couple times? - Okay. - Yeah. All right, come on. We got an hour, Anton. When Gary had its first black mayor, Gordon Hatcher -- that's when all the white people started really moving out of Gary, and then all the town started changing their names from Gary. Like, Gary used to be way bigger than this. - Yeah. - Now it's Gary, the hood part, and then there's Miller, which is the beach part, and then they got Lake Station, which used to be called East Gary. That's just Lake Station, Indiana, now. Yeah, y'all came to one of the greatest cities in America. Y'all just don't know it. This is one of the hitter cities. - Gary? - Let me tell you. Yeah. Young Man: Well, we're about to throw this on... - You got to get the powder. - Ugh! Keith: Gary been filled with a lot of good people, and it still is. Got superstars coming out of Gary, you know? So, they getting ready right now, you know? you don't really hear them right now 'cause they're going to college and doing all this shit. I'm telling you. You gonna hear a lot of good stuff coming out of Gary 'cause it's not all, you know, drinking and smoking and doing all this, you know? Now, y'all might catch that at Emerson with my guy Triston. That man -- He's, like, taking, like five A.P. classes, senior-class president... - Yeah? - Bless it. ...all that shit, you know? Y'all gonna get a different glimpse when y'all catch him and shit. Hey, everybody be quiet. This is my mama. This is my mama. Hello? [ Bell clanging, train whistle blows ] Thomas: Keith met Triston back in middle school, where they had class together. While Triston's dad still lives right down the road from New Tech... Holy shit. ...Triston drives every morning to another school, Wirt/Emerson, which has a program for gifted kids. - Morning. - Is this you? - Yep. - Fuck, dude. - Yeah. - This is nice. How are you? Looking good. Thank you. Is this for the last week of school, or is this your usual school attire? Whenever we get to dress down, I -- - I kind of dress a little up. - That's weird. If I was out of uniform, I'd probably be wearing, like -- like a metal T-shirt or something. Triston's not only class president and only a full load of college-level courses. He's also lead sax in the school band, not unlike Lisa Simpson. How you feeling about everything? Is it weird or...? I really don't know. No. I'm -- I'm gonna go straight to college and do the same thing I been doing in high school, so... - Where you going? - Morehouse. Summer's rolling out before you. - Yeah. - What are your plans? - Are you gonna... - Work and -- and try to enjoy as much as I can in between work, you know? Just waiting on Triston's girlfriend. - What's her name? - China. China. Okay. - Giving China a ride. - Mm-hmm. - Makeup. - Cool girl. [ Chuckles ] Uh... Hi. You ain't gonna say hi to nobody? [ Laughs ] How you doing? - Hey. I'm Thomas. - I'm China. - China, great to meet you. - Great to meet you, too. You got a little thing on your face. Oh, yeah? ♪ Do-do-do-doo-doo Thanks to Triston's flashy choices, I guess I'm out of a ride now since he only had space for his girlfriend. I don't know if that was kind of by design, but fortunately I've been to high school before, I know how things work, and I have my own car. So, crisis averted. Let's get to school. So, Wirt/Emerson's in Miller, which is kind of like the nice part of Gary. It's up by the lake. There's a beach here. It's got a little main street with brew pubs and cafés and an indie art gallery. And it's -- it's a fitting place for, like, the nice art school where the fancy kids sort of go. Beat us. Cool. Are you guys on time or...? - Yeah, we're fine. - Cool. - All right. - Yeah, our class wouldn't mind anyway. We're -- We're done. Awesome. What do you got first? - Government. - Government. Cool. You? - Same? - Same. - Same. - Ah, cool. - Yeah. - Same classes. We have all the same classes. What do kids here think about, like, New Tech kids? I-I really couldn't tell you. Do you know what they think about Emerson kids? Is there, like, a reputation? Are you guys like the -- the smart ones? We do, but I don't want to say it on camera. What is it? Oh, okay. It's -- It's -- I-I can tell you, but if it's too much, cut it out. They -- They think we're, um, a lot of gays in this school. Oh, okay. Yeah, yeah, yeah. So, they say we're a s-- a softer school. It's not you saying it. Softer school. Okay. - I got it. - Yeah, so... That's a softer way of putting it. Cool. Thomas: Part of Wirt/Emerson's reputation comes from its performing-arts program. It's kind of like a Gary version of the high school from "Fame." - This is me. - That is you. Yeah, this is, whew, 1980? - I like your hair. - Yeah. It's great. So, can you tell me who's -- who's dancing in there right now? You've got Laurel Brummett... Mm-hmm. ...Jazzlyn Brokemond, and Whitley Moses. - Okay. - We have one other senior, but she's not dancing. I understand that she's gonna go into the Coast Guard. - Ah. - Yeah, so... Wow. That's kind of not -- as far from dance as you can get. Right. Well, I -- You do have to have strong legs on those boats, though. Yeah. I'm a Marine. - Is that right? - Yeah. The other three girls -- are they sticking with it? Oh, yeah. Laurel and Jazzlyn are definitely going for being professional dancers. What I try to tell people is, if you're going into dance to be famous... Mm-hmm. ...or get rich, then you probably need to do something else. If you're going into dance because you love the art form, then you are okay, you're in the right place, and you're probably gonna be successful. Everybody that has been in our program... Mm-hmm. ...that said that they wanted to be professionals and were willing to take the advice that we gave them -- they're dancing. - Yeah? - They're making a living. These kids come from places where competition is everything. Yeah. You know, and the issue comes in is, like, what kind of foundation do they have coming from home? Because Gary is not an easy place to live. And if you're soft or timid, you know, it'll eat you up. It's like training with weights on. Mm-hmm. No, no, no. It's like if you were walking. Walk. Walk. Yeah. Yes. You'd be surprised what they could do. - Yeah? - Yeah. Ah, ah. Watch. [ Laughs ] Oh, my God! Okay. I'm gonna skip rocks. That's what I'm gonna do. - That's a good one. - Right here? No. No. This -- This -- Is this even a rock or -- That's a square rock. Nope. Nope. Never mind. Uh-huh. Caught the wind on that one. Hey, Triston, True Religion! Oh, my jeans! True -- Okay, I'm good. I'm good. [ Laughs ] This is probably the most wholesome time I've spent on a beach in decades. These are kind of definitively good kids. Seniors! '15! '15. So, what are your guys' plans for summer? Are you guys gonna hang around? It's work, work for me. And then -- And then you got college. And are you going to Morehouse, too, or...? Mnh-mnh. Purdue Calumet here. Oh, cool. Thomas: So, it's dawning on me that these are, like, straightforward good kids, what you would call nerds, but there's levels of nerd. They're not, like, kind of the sweaty, like, unkempt nerds of our youth who couldn't hold down a girlfriend. No! Oh! Keith: Don't drop her. Triston looks like he's in a John Hughes movie with his sports car and China there. They're kind of like nerd aristocracy. You can't -- You can handle the thumb, China. You can't handle -- [ Laughs ] Ow. Thomas: You guys nervous about, like, a last summer together, or is it...? Yeah. No, no, no, it's... Yeah. I may brush it off a lot, but, yeah, I'm -- yeah, I'm really nervous. [ Chuckles ] I've been trying to drag the summer out as long as I can. [ Chuckles ] Oh, man. That's one month. Huh? - That's like a month. - That's like a -- Yeah, it is like a month. It's a solid month. [ Chuckles ] [ Sighs ] Are you scared a little? Yeah. I'm gonna start crying. What if this is our last time coming to the beach? ♪♪ Thomas: So, this is the second-to-last day of school at New Tech, and all the different trades are out in the parking lot. Culinary students are cooking. Automotive kids are riding bicycles. Beauty school kids just came out in their gowns. I don't know if that means some haircuts are on the way, but it is a party. It is a little weird, though, that they wouldn't relocate to, like, a park or somewhere, kind of like a neutral ground where you might not get in as much trouble for things like smoking and drinking as the parking lot of your school, but kids are kids. Keith and his buddies have been running errands for people, picking up booze. You got this. Yeah, I got -- Look, she always beating me! - You know what? Fuck Debbie. - Damn. Thomas: Everybody's coming up to them, handing them bills. They know they're the ones who -- who have connections. Definitely the cool kids. See what they get up to tonight. On your mark! And tomorrow night. Set! Shit. Go! [ Screaming and laughter ] - Go! - Damn! Damn! Damn! I missed my chance with the ammo! Now I'm fucked! Ohh! Now I'm just completely in the open. I think I made it, though. You like what you seen? Oh, shit! - Aah! Aah. - Aah! Aah! Oh, I'm not even a senior. - Yeah! - Ugh. - Good game. - Hazed. No! Nigga, no! ♪♪ Thomas: Keith's still got a couple days of school, but he works at a Subway, and they've called him in for a shift, which I think is in the middle of his school day right now or leads into it. Yeah. Where you at? I'm in front of my crib. Come pick me up. [ Music playing loudly, fenders rattling ] Thomas: Hey, guys.[ Music, rattling softens ] You don't got to pull up to my house slamming like that. You disrespectful if you gonna pull up to my house slamming. You know we heard you before we seen you. But -- Ready to go? - Huh? - You ready? Yeah. You got what I need? - Yeah. - All right. Thomas: Did you just start at this -- No, you've been at this Subway for a while. Keith: Yeah. I've been there for, like, a little over a year. I just got my one-year upgrade. Yeah. They gave me a 2.1-cent raise, which raised me from $8 an hour to $8.28 an hour. And I got Employee of the Month, got my $40 gift card. I went in work that day feeling like the man. One time I made like $10 in tips one night. Shit. That's pretty good. Oh, yeah. That shit will make your night, man, go home with 10 extra dollars. For somebody who turns up as much as Keith and who, in fact, smokes weed on his way to his job, Keith's actually got a really strong work ethnic. He gets up, irons his shirt every morning, like, wins Employee of the Month. I'm not sure how sustainable working at Subway is, though. It's a good summer job, but I'm curious where he goes after this. Good. - Good work with this, man. - Huh? - Oh, thanks, man. - You made a nice sandwich. I've been getting a lot of compliments, really. Now it's time to go to school. How am I supposed to go to work -- from work to school? I thought it was supposed to be from school to work. Man, I'm still thinking about going to the military, so... - Is that right? - Yeah. I'm trying to go to the Marine Corps. Aren't you worried, though, like, if you join the Marines, you'd go somewhere like Afghanistan or Iraq? No. I'm not scared of war. I wouldn't mind dying in war because, you know -- People don't understand. This -- This -- This is a great country. For real. Like, people say, "Yeah, you know, America ain't shit, you know? They doing all this shit under -- under cover, you know? They're doing all this stuff that you can't see." - Yeah. - I guarantee you, you go spend about like three days over there, overseas anywhere, like -- you know what I'm saying? Zimbabwe or one of them third-world countries, you gonna wish you was back here in America, with America and all its bullshit. Yeah. You know, I feel like this country's worth dying for -- hell, yeah -- 'cause this country done gave a lot to me and you, you know? ♪♪ Despite the fact that school's out and also it's the weekend, all the Emerson kids still have stuff to do for graduation. Triston, who's in the Emerson band, has to play something, and he's having a little, like, weekend practice with all the other band guys in his mom's house. - Hey. - Hey. - How you doing, man? - Good. What's up? How are you guys? [ Instruments tuning ] Ooh, snacks. [ Gasps ] SunnyD. Triston: 25, 20, 20. I think there's enough I can snag one. There's a -- No, no, there's method to my junky madness, and when it's moved and disturbed, you cannot find anything anymore. This is why you never clean, never, ever clean anything. Here. She got you guys -- This is an announcement for my graduation. - She just... - Oh, cool. Oh, wow, properly invited. - Are these yours, Triston? - Yeah. Yeah, those are from the Dinner Dance and Honor Roll and band. Most Likely to be President? That's a pretty good accolade, good superlative. Best Smile, Best Smile now. Yeah. Yeah. Aww. Young Man: I'm gonna get another ri-- I'm gonna get a-- Young Woman: I'm gonna get a ring, too. I'm gonna get another ring. Thomas: Oh, yeah. You guys talking about high-school rings? - Mm-hmm. - Are you guys gonna get those? - I already have one. - We got some, but... - You're not wearing them? - Mine is at home. I'm gonna just wait till I get out of college, get that maroon ring. Yeah, that's what I'm gonna get. Yeah, I never got one from my school. You should have got one. Yeah, I kind of guess I should have. One, two, three. ♪♪ Thomas: We're back at the beach, and understandably since it is in proximity. This is the place where most people come to hang whenever they can. [ Laughter ] Hey, this is our crumbled home. - This is. - This is incredible. It is, isn't it? It's just, like, beautiful. Why isn't everybody hanging out here right now? You guys have this to yourselves. - Yeah. - This is a spot. It is, like, perfect view and everything. Oh, man. Where you going to school? Purdue Cal, and then later on I'll go to Point Park University in Pennsylvania. - So, yeah, just spread out. - Everywhere. Do they have good dance programs? - Yeah. - Those are the good ones? - Top-tier. - Yeah. Oh, okay. All right. - Mm-hmm. - We're trying to -- We're trying to make it in life, you know? ALL: One, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight, one, two. Doo, doo, boom, boom, yeah. You go point, point, up, and down. And you do this, and you do that thing. Yep. Dance is definitely, like, one of my biggest passions 'cause I just love dance. Like, I can't see myself not dancing. Thomas: Did you like Emerson? Are you gonna miss it? I'm definitely gonna miss Emerson, especially because it's a performing-arts school and, like, we have the dance and stuff. And I've grown up with these people ever since I was in, like, sixth grade. - Yeah. - So, I'm gonna miss it so much. But then again I'm kind of glad I'm leaving, too. Okay. And go one, one, one, one, up, boom, boom, boom, boom, around... I'm on about move one, and they've somehow added 13 more moves. If you turn your heel out -- Yeah. Yeah. Oh, oh. In the end, point this heel out. Yeah. Yeah! Huh? All right? Are these, like, standard moves that you guys all know, or -- or are you just making them up on the spot? We just make it up on the spot. That's insane. ♪♪ Oh, like a snap. Okay. Ah. Hey, buddy. [ Dog barking ] Ah, barking. He's just gonna keep going the whole time. Morning. We're outside Keith's. Keith's been up for a little bit. I think he's getting a shower right now. I'm gonna wait. This is the first day since school let out where he hasn't had to go to Subway and pull a shift, so we'll see what he gets up to with his newfound freedom. It's interesting. Like, the way I grew up -- and I feel like in most, like, white suburbs -- like, hitting 18 technically marks your entry into adulthood, but it's like "adulthood," you know? Like, there's a wink to it. You know, you're not really an adult. You're like -- You're in your infancy of adulthood. You aren't really taking on responsibilities, and there's a very health cushion of your parents' money and being able to stay in their house and shit like that. That kind of gets you if not through college, at least through the next few years. But Keith and his buddies treat the end of high school as, like, the actual rite of passage it kind of once was. Like, they're -- they're psyched to be men. They're psyched to not only have jobs, but they help each other get jobs. It must have something to do with growing up in kind of a -- such a resource-deprived area. Keith: This shit been kind of bringing down my mood lately, - like, being on bando block. - Yeah? Yeah, 'cause I don't want to be looking at bandos when I'm trying to think about my future. Thomas: That's true. That's rough. You feel me? Yeah, yeah, yeah. You know, that's what I been thinking about lately. I don't know about them, but I've been really thinking about my future 'cause there's a lot of eyes watching me out back. How do you mean, a lot of eyes watching you out back? Oh, just expectations? Yeah, yeah, you know, everybody watching me. You know, everybody that know I graduated is gonna looking -- be looking for my next step. What was my next step, you know? Yeah. And there's a lot of people that's, you know I'm saying, - that's seeing me graduate. - That's interesting. Do you feel, like, a responsibility to them? Yeah, I feel -- I feel like I owe them that. You know, they say it take a village to raise a child and all of that. All these folks -- they done helped raise me up and shit, so I got to make them proud. Like, I was telling folks in school, "I'm gonna come back. I'm gonna make you proud." How you doing? Hey, Ms. Hogan. HOGAN: Hey, baby. - How you doing? - Hey. Hi. I'm Thomas. I know, Thomas. [ Chuckles ] Oh, yeah. Yep, graduation next. It's good, bro. Yes. Tuesday. Not 8:00 -- 9:00. Don't be late. I got an interview at Monday at 12:00. Okay. You're gonna have to do something different, because the picture's at 12:00. Yeah, I know. Yeah, I know. I got to reschedule the interview. And wear the shoes that you're gonna wear. - Okay. - Yeah. The nice shoes, right, church shoes? Okay. - Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm, and bring your cap and gown, 'cause we're taking our picture. I'm just trying to stay there for this summer, though, I guess. - And then I'm -- - 'Cause you're -- you're gonna go to school, right? Okay. You gave up on the Marines? - For right now. - Why? - People keep -- - That's funny. You ain't talked to me. What happened? People keep telling me not to go, man, even my bro. Who is people? You get to go to school for free. You get to see the world for free. You get free clothing. You get free room and board. I mean... What it is, is I just got a lot of choices, and I'm just trying to play -- I can go to Ivy Tech for their automotive thing, - or I can go to Ivy Tech for -- - Having a lot of choices and not having looked at the pros and cons of each of them, you're just out there. You can't wait on things because waiting for somebody to tell you, "This is what you need" -- it'll get you left in the dust. ♪♪ Keith: This is Triston's crib right here. - Oh, yeah. - Ooh, let's see if he here. - He got to be. - Oh, that's him right there. Yo.Thomas: Keith and Triston used to be on sort of the same academic track. Keith actually went to Wirt/Emerson for a little while, but he got kicked out for an infraction he describes as "some bullshit," but which other kids describe as Keith smoking weed in the hallway. Why you don't never fuck with me on the car repairs? 'Cause you just started car repair. Nigga, I've been doing this shit for three years. I've been do-- I've been doing this before you. - And I got -- - That's what I'm saying. I got four certifications, nigga. Yeah, four certifications, but I've been doing this longer than you. Why do they put those little bars across them now? That's called a battery hold-down, you know. - Yeah, but... - It kind of -- You know, it hold the battery down. If it was just for that purpose, - you wouldn't need that. - Why not? You could just set the battery in there like -- Pop the hood on that thing and see if you got a battery hold-down in there. Everybody -- I can't -- You want to bet some money -- You do not have a battery -- You do not have a -- You want to bet some money that that blue -- You want to bet some money that that big, blue bus - has a battery hold-down? - That blue -- - You want to take-- - It might not be this style, but there's something with some bolts... It ain't -- It ain't in there. ...that's holding that battery down. It ain't in -- You don't think I know my truck? There's something holding that battery down. - No, no, no. - I tell you what. I can't see it. So, what college you going to? Morehouse, then Atlanta. - You got a scholarship? - Not too big of one. - Yeah. - I got to -- I got to get some more. Yeah, he already know when I'm leaving. My manager -- tell him I'm leaving in August and shit. Mm. So, what you gonna do after that? Oh, I'm gonna go to school or something. I'm gonna do something. Hella options and shit. I just got to pick one. And I just don't want to make the fucking wrong move. Anyway -- oh, shit. Hey, I'm gonna tell you. You're gonna love Atlanta. - Nice out there. - Yeah. Thomas: The history of high schools in Gary kind of mirrors the city itself. From the early 1900s up into the '50s, Gary had one of the most robust and kind of progressive public-school systems in the country. But then, with the economic downturn and white flight, people took their kids away, and now the Gary school board has shuttered as many schools as they have running. Driving around, you see way more abandoned schools than you see active ones, including the one behind me, the Horace Mann School, which is named for the father of public education in America, which is a tad ironic. All right, this is the hallway. We're gonna go right to the dance studio. Thomas: So, wait. This is your guys' old school? How long ago did you guys leave it? We left my seventh-grade year. This is Mr. Brewer's room. JAZZLYN: I remember this. - What? - Whoa. I've never been in here or seen this or anything. Oh. There used to be the nicest mirrors right there. Yeah. We can go -- You can go up there. You can go up there. We had dancing up there. So, this was the performing-arts school then? - Yeah. - Place had a lot of resources - and amenities. - Mm-hmm. Is that a piano? Yes. It's a whole piano. - What do you guys think this is? - I was just thinking that. I just walked past it 'cause I don't want to touch -- - Man, look at that. - I don't want to touch it. Is that a -- What is that? Is that a bomb? [ Gasps ] Or a limb? But, no, it's not haunted, right? This one -- This one person, like, was going for prom or something. And something about her day or something, so she went upstairs to the third floor and hung herself. And, like, the rope is still there and -- Yeah. My sister said they ran up there and touched the rope one time. Like, they were dared to touch the rope and -- Oh, my God. It's actually there? It wasn't just, like, a legend? Yeah. This place looks like it was amazing before it turned into the scariest place that I've been in the Midwest. You know, there's a sense in which Gary's actually kind of like an ideal place to be a teenager. I mean, like, spots like this -- this would have been gold when I was in high-school as place to, you know, hang out and do drugs or to make out with people -- and it's haunted, which is like bonus grade, but you can never find those places out in the suburbs. I guess the real difference is when, you know, there's one or two of those spots in town that are fun to explore when the entire town is the abandoned building where people do drugs and are afraid of ghosts. Oh, Christ. Are they dancing again? This never stops. [ Laughter ] Richard: You're gonna have to think about it and draw out a life plan, man. That's -- That's exactly what people keep telling me, and I'm just trying to do that. But it's like, everything is kind of equal, you know? Mm-hmm. Join the Marines, okay? You can take a semester, take a semester of college up here right now, all right, and get something under your belt, okay? But let the Marine Corps pay for it, right? Let the Marine Corps do the training and education at the same time for you, all right, - so you don't have to -- - But, see, that's a lot to -- that's a lot to juggle, though. Like, you know what I'm saying? What if I go the Marine Corps, and then -- then I don't go to college? Then I get out the Marine Corps, and I ain't got nothing. It really all depends on you and your drive, man, because you could say that about the Marine Corps, too. You could say, "Hey, I'm gonna go to college. I definitely want to be a Marine, but I'm gonna go to college first." You know what I'm saying? That's -- Right. And then completely back out of the idea - of being a Marine, you know? - Get out of the Marine Corps. And you had told me you wanted to do this for, like, the longest time, you know? Yeah, I have. You know what I'm saying? But... I watched him go from, you know, having all these plans in high school, you know, having as many options as you do, you know, to, "I didn't choose anything, and I'm still sitting in mom's basement doing nothing," - you know? - Right. How you making it seem is, I'm not gonna do anything in life. But I am. That's the crazy part. I don't want it to seem like that. What I want it to seem like is, it's not as easy as what you're thinking. It's just a lot to think about. It's always a lot to think about, man. - Yeah. - You know? But like I said before, when we first sat down, just think about it for too long, gone, all right? - I know you got my number. - Yeah. So... How you feel about that guy? - Cool as shit, man. - He's real nice. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. How many have you gone through? Like... this -- This -- He's my third one. Keith, I'll see you later. All right, bro -- I mean, sir. TRISTON: What kind of ball should I get? I got tiny little wrists, though, man. I'm not the best person to ask. I'm really bad at bowling. I am, too. That's why -- Oh, okay, cool. Watch me. Oh, killed it right there. That's a spare. Yeah! Unh-unh, y'all -- y'all both can't get on my back. Oh, here's -- here's the kids' balls. Gutter. Stop. Well, I tried. ♪ How old are you? ♪ How old are you? Yay! [ Applause ] [ Pins clatter ] Ah. Triston's not great at bowling, but it is sweet of him to come out to his little cousin's birthday party like this. What I've noticed about Triston is, where, you know, most teens have a very distinct way of behaving around their group of friends and their family, Triston seems to act the same around his mom as he does around his Wirt/Emerson friends. Even his girlfriend, China, he's kind of, you know, reserved and maybe a little uncertain of himself. The only time I've seen him really behave differently since we've been hanging out is when we ran into him with Keith earlier. And he immediately became kind of like a lot more relaxed and loose-seeming, kind of like classically cool. And I don't know if that's something that, like, he feels more comfortable around Keith, that Keith brings it out in him, or if he's trying to, like, keep up with Keith, who is extremely cool and confident. Let me see it. Let me see it. Let it go. Let it go. Oh, my God. It's too heavy. It's too heavy. What Keith's been doing is working a closing shift at the Subway again, which feels like his third shift in as many days. This is the last night of school, so kind of grim. Keith: Yeah, man, it's the last day of school, and I'm at work tonight, 4:00 to close. You know, I know a lot of stuff gonna change. A lot of people I was used to seeing every day -- I might never see them again, you know? But I was -- I-I already prepared my mind for that, you know? It's all a mental thing. I'm ready to go. It's all set up. I just got to pick something, you know, and that's -- that's -- that's what's really holding me back, - all these choices. - Yeah. I'm just waiting till the right one comes to me -- you feel me? -- till the Lord send me the right -- the right message or something 'cause I got too many choices, and if I pick the wrong one and fuck up... Thomas: Yeah. ...that'll get me into something, so... [ Mouthpiece buzzes ]Young Man: Yeah. Keep going. It works. Thomas: It's already just got twisted. Triston: One, two, three. ♪♪ These them ol' trusty boys. [ Chuckles ] - Good? - Yeah. This is really the last day of school. You feel me? Yeah. 'Cause day after this, ain't gonna see nobody no more. - Don't do it. - You might as well. [ Laughter ] - I gotcha. - All right. - You guys have fun. - Yep. [ Engine starts ] ♪♪ MAN: Mr. Triston Tyler Walls. [ Cheers and applause ] Miss China Marie Powell. [ Cheers and applause ] Miss Jazzlyn C. Brokemond. [ Cheers and applause ] ♪♪ [ Indistinct conversations ] - How you feeling? - I'm good. - On the left side now. - Yeah. Welcome to the left-hand pack. I'm an alumni. An old man and all this stuff. MAN: How you feeling, my man? Good, man. I just graduated. Check it out. Oh, man. [ Cheers and applause ] Keith: Oh, that's a cool card. Elizabeth: What does it say? "Graduate, step into your future with a prayer in your heart and a song in your soul. Step into your future with faith in the Lord and the abilities he's given you. You actually did it. Yeah. Mm-hmm. [ Whispering ] [ Muffled speaking ] ♪♪ Thomas: So, we're walking up on the bonfire now. I'm rolling in here with Triston and China. I think Keith's supposed to come a little later. He was rounding up girls. I'm getting kind of psyched, actually. I don't harbor much nostalgia for high school, but this is definitely one of the few, like, American coming-of-age rituals that's infectious. [ Indistinct conversations ] ♪♪ What's that? Oh, no. Oh, my God. The fucking cops are here. [ Indistinct shouting ] Whoa. Shit. So, just as the party was getting going, two, I guess, beach cops -- they didn't look like real cops -- just came out with flashlights and busted everybody up. Oh, man. Fuck. I am stoned. Well, that party was nuts. I am completely shot this morning. I imagine the kids are doing a lot better than me on account of their young livers, also because they've got their entire summer ahead of them and their futures past that, which are remarkably bright, considering where they were coming from. Everybody made the paper today. It's -- Here's Emerson. There's Paxton, DeSean, Triston, Herschel. Jazzlyn's dance performance is in the write-up. And then down here is New Tech with Keith and his crew -- first to graduate. Kind of making me a little bit choked up. Losing my boys. 100 years ago, W.E.B. Du Bois said, "Work, culture, and liberty -- these we need in order to foster the traits and talents of young black men, not in opposite to other races, but in larger conformity with the greater ideals of America." But the Gary kids did it. If you Photoshopped out all the bandos and vacant lots, this would just look like the last week of school anywhere. It's really impressive. I always thought high-school graduation was such a corny, hand-me-down tradition, but these kids attack it with such sincerity and brio, kind of make it their own. I guess it's a case of, when all you have are hand-me-downs, you take really good care of them and make them count. But what would I know about that other than thrifting? 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 