Balls Deep: Season 2, Episode 1 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Balls Deep 
 s2e1 - Seniors - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Balls Deep (2016–…): Season 2, Episode 1 - Seniors - full transcript 
 The retirees of Hallandale, Florida's Lake Point Tower keep their golden years nice and busy. SENIORS! 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 [ Clears throat ] * Summertime * And the living is easy Fish are bumping. * Fish are bumping And the cotton is high. * And the cotton is high -- high * Oh, your daddy's rich. * Oh, your daddy's rich And your mom's good-looking. * And your mom's good-looking * 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 * Good-looking * Looking So hush. - * So, hush - Little baby, don't you cry. * Little baby * Don't you cryyyy Good. A bit -- yeah. - I wish I could sing. - Me, too. [ Laughs ] Me, too. ** Thomas: As long as I remember, I wanted to be old. Not just older, like a teenager or a cool college student, but old, like a proper old person. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 They drove around in long, slow cars carelessly. They wore Harrington jackets in pastel colors I didn't even know they made, walked around with an air of terminal insouciance like they were a gang of out-of-shape mods. They were my idols. However, as I've grown closer and closer to death myself and felt the effects of aging on the body, the dream of being old has turned into a sort of an inevitable nightmare. But fortunately, thanks to advancements in medical science and the retirement of the Baby Boom generation, America is now older than it's ever been. So, I've come to the capital of age in America -- Florida -- for Memorial Day Weekend, which is something that older people tend to do a lot, although not always with tremendous facility. Remember things, I mean. Remember things. Hey, there, Bob. - Oh. Thomas: Just getting my stuff. This is our lobby. - Very nice. - We're gonna go this way. This apartment on your right. Thomas: Wow, very nice. All right, this is your place for how long you're gonna stay. I appreciate it. This is quite a pad. Yeah. Let me show you the chute to throw your garbage down. Okay. Okay, and we do have recycling here. Ah, okay. And by doing all the recycling we're doing, we're number one in recycling. Yeah? That's great. Thomas: Bob Canatore is the president of Lake Point Tower. Lake Point Tower is a condominium in sort of the classic South Florida retirement castle tradition. It's got a cream and harvest gold exterior, a security gate set far back from the main drag to keep residents safe from the hoi polloi of Hallandale. You know that Hallandale is listed the highest of aides in the United States? - AIDS? - In the United States. Why is that? Nurses' aides. Okay, you did that on purpose. Thomas: Bob takes a really hands-on approach to his presidenting... Wilbur? You by the water taxi? I got to get those trees out of there. ...overseeing all the maintenance and daily chores that go into running a condo like this. In his pre-tirement, Bob ran construction outfits in New York that worked on projects like the bicentennial clean-up at the Statue of Liberty and the mid-'70s renovation of Yankee Stadium. The legacy is sort of carrying on into his dotage with the myriad of capital improvements he's bestowed upon Lake Point Tower. So, you're doing a lot of work for someone who's basically -- ought to be retired. I'll never retire. I retire, I'll be in a coffin. Okay. You can't retire. You got to go on. Wave to Tom, everybody. - Oh, hi. How are you? - Hi, Tom. That's Sandy, Ben, and Bella. - Good to meet you. - You, too, Tom. Bob's been nice about introducing me to everybody. This is Norm's wife, Jan. Hi, how are you? I'm good. Thank you, sweetheart. Maybe it's the role of the president in a condo. He seems also, like, kind of a social coordinator of sorts. - This is Dr. Norm. - Dr. Norm. This is Gene. Hey, baby. This is my Carol. I can't stop hugging her. She's number one. Hello, ladies. - What's happening? - Hello. - Hi, my baby. I'm gonna kiss all of yous. I'm not gonna let yous go. No, that's later. [ Chuckles ] Lovely, right? There you go. Manny. - Hi, I'm Tom. - Good to see you. Hi, Tom. - Pleasure to meet you. We were babies when we got married. Manny: Babies. This is your relaxation station. Oh, wow. Oh, my God. Ah, look at you two. Yeah, a little darker my hair was, right? Yeah. Yours, too, yeah. Bob: I had hair then. My wife, since we met -- and that's 13 years old -- we've been together. You met at 13? I was 12. You were 13. We met. Boom. That was it. Never again. - High school, college. - Nobody in between. Bob: My wife is 76 years old. That is the part that shocked me. Thank you. Is it weird at all having friends who are like 30 years older and 30 years younger? When I came here, they said to me, "Manny, don't you feel funny hanging with us old ladies?" And at that time, I was in my 50s. And I didn't think of it that way. They were just so sweet, the people. You get smart by talking to older people. Yeah, yeah. It's true. You know, you go back in time that you can't do. Now, Tess Finkle is how old? - 98. - Okay. - Turn right. - Turn right. Okay. Tess: Come in, come in. Coming in. - Tessie, this is Thomas. - I'm Thomas. My pleasure. Handsome-looking boy. - Thank you. - What do you want to do? Kiss you like I usually do. Oh, you don't -- you -- he's my only boyfriend. Can you imagine? - Tom? Ooh. My only -- I used to have 19 boyfriends. Now I only have one. - 19? At the same time? 19 at the same time, yeah. - How did that even work? - Give me those pictures. I want to show you. - Okay. This is my wonderful husband. I want you to meet my husband. He fought in the second World War. This is me when I got my real estate license. - Mm-hmm. - On my birthday, 1958. Do you mind me asking you a question? No. Why are you taking pictures of me? Because you're the prettiest one here. Oh, my God, please. I should have combed my hair. - Your hair looks beautiful. - Got it. Now, as you enter my place, I don't know if you noticed there, letters from Roosevelt. - On the wall. - Oh, they're framed. Okay. "Grateful memory of Second Lieutenant Melvin Finkle. FDR." I've been noticing my whole life how, you know, the older people get, kind of the ways their stories tend to wander. Tess is approaching 100 right now, and it's almost like listening to "Finnegans Wake." Just all the different confluent streams. - What is your name? - Thomas. - Tom? Thomas? - Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Thomas. That's a very famous name. T-H-O-M-A-S. You hear a lot of Thomas. ** Now, you said you were still working when you moved here. Oh, up until three years ago, when I had this tragedy. Mm-hmm. I'm in very, very -- very bad shape. I don't know if I can go on much longer because I can't take this life. I'm not used to this life. You're not in that bad of shape. I see you on the screen. You're going with the shopping cart. You walk up stairs. Wait, you have on high heels right now. I'm beginning to like him. [ Laughter ] I don't want to fall in love with you. I want to show you something. - Come on, kid. You see this here? Take the chair away. - Tess. - Look. Yes, I want to tell you what it is. Tess. - What? Listen to me. Are you listening? - Yeah. - They have the -- They come in, and they kick the carpet. They have to spread it. It came off the tacklers. Do I have to live with this here? No, you're not gonna live with it. Are you gonna get a carpet for me? Another carpet, and we're gonna kick it in. You're gonna kick it in? She out-cons me every time. I mean, this woman is unbelievable. I'll kick you if you don't take care of this here. I will. I love you. I love you. - I'm gonna kick you. Okay. I'm gonna take -- No, I'm living -- I'm living -- I'm living this way. I'm not used to living this way. All right. I'm not gonna live much longer, so you better be good to me. Come on, will you stop that? - Ohh! - Stop! - Goodbye, baby. - We fight all the time. I got to run. Where's Gene? - I'm here. - Gene. I'm gonna kiss you, too. - Okay. - You never kiss me. Now you kiss me -- give me another kiss. And you promise to take care of me until I die, right? - Right to the end. - Now, be honest. - Now, be honest. - Mm-hmm. Are you telling me that everything I said to you is gonna be on television? - Some of it. Not all of it. - No, I -- no. [ Indistinct conversations ] ** ** Thomas: You know, I was a little worried coming out here that, you know, retirement would be boring. There wouldn't be anything going on. Days are surprisingly full. There's tons of activities today. There's, uh, Zumba in the morning. Some sort of dance class in the middle of the day. Bingo at night. I guess it's important to keep your energy up. 'Cause otherwise you just kind of sit and wilt when you don't have anything to do. ** Feel the music! We're going to play Round Robin. Look so you don't forget. I 24. No, ma'am. I'm starting to realize that this retirement community is a lot like high school. - Hi, Bob! People from all of these disparate kind of social and economic classes and different parts of the country are all hanging out with each other, simply because they're all in the same building. - B 4. - Bingo! [ Cheers and applause ] Bob: All right, Tommy! Did everybody thank Tom and Irene? Even the types -- like, you've got, like, Adrian and Irene who are sort of kind of like the artsy kids, trying to lead culturally edifying activities. Did you have a good time, girls? Women: Yes! Thomas: You have Bob running the place, I guess as, like, student president. Norm and Jan, classic freshman sweethearts. And Belle and her husband, like, jock-ish sort of health nuts. There's even a pink haired girl that everyone seems to kind of thinly tolerate. ** I was gonna take you to the racetrack. Just take your touring. I want to show you the horse. Thomas: I can't believe I've never been to a horse track before. I'm gonna put you in my car. - Yeah? - It's a Hyundai. - Ah. - Hyundai. Thomas: I got number 8. 8? I got 7. Okay, all right. One of us. Thomas: I think a lot of people describe old age as kind of a return to childhood. But this seems more like a -- I don't know, like a second adolescence, but instead of being all self-conscious about everyone else, you don't give a shit what anybody thinks. Because they're all younger than you. Come on! - Come on 8! - Come on 7! Thomas: You eat bad food, loaf around a lot, go gambling, go to the racetracks, hit on women that will never sleep with them. - Come on, come on. - One horse. Oh, 1! - Number 3 -- nada. - Nothing? Ah. - See, I'm with number 8. - Nada. - Good work. - Boom. Good work with those ladies -- that was... - Whoa. - ...that was smooth. You even feel, like, you can kind of, like, can get away with more shit when you get a little older? Yeah, I think so. They look at me -- like, "What the fuck you gonna do?" [ Both laugh ] It's the perfect in. I've been playing that angle from the young side my whole life -- harmless. - Here we have this monitor here. - Mm-hmm. This has everything that goes on in the building. - Yeah, so that where the -- - Board meeting. Tonight's the board meeting for the recertification? - Right. - And a champagne toast? - Yeah. - Excellent. [ Indistinct conversations ] Bob: Well, I'm gonna start it right on the money. All righty. Here we go -- 911. Gene? Call 911. There's this guy. - Yeah. Bob: He's here with the ponytail. - Yeah? - He's a trouble maker. Bob: And he did a lot of damage. Bob just told the security guard to call 911, so... - Here we go. - This board meeting's I think... Man: It's none of your business. ...about to get a lot more exciting... - Ooh! ...than I would have guessed. I don't have to threaten you. You're breaking up a meeting. - Get away from my client. - Shut up, you asshole. Man: Get away from my client. Thomas: So, it's taken me a little while to wrap my head around this, but apparently this guys shows up to every board meeting trying to disrupt it. So, the cops were called, and they're apparently trying to consult, like, the condo's bylaws to see what the proper form of action is, which is funny 'cause bylaws, by their nature, should be superseded by cops, law enforcement. Bob: What I'm gonna do is adjourn the meeting. Okay. I can't give in to that fucking cock sucker. Yeah. Remember what I told you when we first came here? - Right. - Look. - All right. - [ Chuckles ] Hey, listen. While this is going on we're gonna have some champagne. How's that? - That's good, Bob. Hey salud to happy 50. Salud! Salud! Hey not just salud, l'chaim! - L'chaim. - L'chaim. - Salud. - Cheers. [ Indistinct conversations ] Thomas: I realized that -- with the exception of a couple old widows, most of whom have live-in nurses -- everybody else is still married and in some sort of relationship, which is probably a healthy antidote to boredom. Norm and Jan, who are sort of younger additions to the Lake Point community, invited me over for drinks. - Hi. - Come on in! Yeah. Is this an okay time? - Oh, that's -- hello. - Hello, hello. Sure! Men, actually two drinks a day is actually very safe and good. - Yeah? Okay. - Minimum. Yes. - Women -- - Not so for women. Women, two drinks a day is considered alcoholic. - Oh? - Yeah. - Not good. - Salud. Thomas: You guys are young. You're spring chickens compared to -- - Comparatively. - ...compared to most of them. I'm asking everybody kind of how they feel about the effect of aging on the body and the mind and stuff. Coming from the medical profession, how do you guys look at that? How does it feel? Is it scary at all? I always thought it could be. Yeah, it's scary getting old. I have two total knee replacements. You know, I get up in the morning and my joints are stiff, and -- and -- You know, you forget something, and you're like, "Oh, my God. I've got Alzheimer's." You know, you feel yourself slowing down. If you've ever been put under, it's wonderful, okay? And this gives me -- - I know. This relaxes me, okay? And I'm convinced that's what awaits me in death and dying. I mean, I'm gonna go under and it is just go-on time. - Void. - A void -- you know, nothing. You know, it'll be a good rest. - Yeah. It will be a good rest, honey, you know? Yeah. Bob: Well, I'm 77, and I'm trying to stay with it a little bit, and it's a difficult thing. I have sleep apnea. You know, which is not bad, but it's annoying. Is that your mask, that, uh... - Yeah. - ...for the sleep apnea? - Let me put it on for you. - Real nice. I couldn't sleep, I couldn't sleep. So we went to the hospital, and they give you the test for the sleep apnea. And so I slept with a Chinese girl. Manny: She was monitoring him. I had 35 episodes stopping breathing for 20 to 25 seconds. That's when they say you die in your sleep -- that's it. I'm pretty sure that's what they mean, but what a saver. We're blessed. Manny went through bladder cancer. Mm-hmm. And both of us were going crazy because, I-I told her -- I said, "You go down, I'm going with you. 'Cause I ain't staying here. You're not leaving me with all these kids. I'm out of here. Wherever you're going, I'm going right alongside you." If you got a fear of dying, there is no sense in living. - Yeah. - Forget it. I always held by that, you know? There's a kind of fearlessness I think I've always admired in the elderly. You don't see people living in kind of a shook state. I used to be scared just to go to bed, you know, because somebody had, you know, likened death as going to sleep, probably to try to, like, calm my nerves. But I assumed the reverse must be true, and that going to sleep must be like death. And, I mean, this was when I was five so I can only imagine when you're 70 or 80 and it could happen any night -- how difficult that must make it to kind of drift off. But they go and they do it. I guess that's just either a lifetime's experience just kind of piling up and cushioning you each night, or they really lose that fear over time. It would be nice. - Good night. Thomas: Good night. Sweet dreams. ** ** Thomas: So, this Memorial Day party doubles as the 40th Anniversary for the building. Or, no, it's the 40-year certification. I keep forgetting things. Something -- something about the air down here. Maybe just living too relaxedly. - Sleep okay? - Yes, I did. Slept in till about 9:00. It was luxurious. Oh, good for you. I kept Norman from snoring so he could sleep. Bob -- Bob slept good, too. I like how much sleep talk there is. It's, like, a good way to start the day -- everybody checking in on everybody's sleep. Are those the decorations, or... Yeah. - You want me to spread them out? - Let's go see what you got. - Yeah. Ah. - Honey-comb balls. Thomas: Party City is stepping up their game. Bob: Holy shit, is that nice! I didn't mean to fucking curse, excuse me. Oh! [ Laughter ] Oh, man. Whew, all coming together? Yeah, actually it's coming together. I think you worry a little too much. I -- I just want it right. I'm 77, and I cannot change my fricking self. If I want to change myself, am I too late? 33? - You've got plenty of time. In your lifetime, you'll change three more times. - Is it always good changes? - It's good changes. Well, I think seeing my -- having seen my grandfather and stuff get older and it's, like, you know, you worry when you see it. Because you're not experiencing that, you -- you assume it must be scary and painful... - Yeah. - ...all the time. And it's refreshing to see that it's not. We're doing all right. We can handle ourselves. We can handle ourselves. You know, like Tess and the other ones. They can handle themselves. They don't need their son or daughter there to tell them anything. When they need your help, they'll call you. - Yeah. - Leave them alone, you know? Let them do what they got to do. They're fine. - You're supposed to age, right? - Right. This is something the body does to you. That's right. It's not -- it's not some sickness. That's right. Exactly, you know? Well, thank you... - You're welcome. - ...for everything. Um, let's go have a party. Let's go have a party. I'm ready for that, kid. ** [ Indistinct conversations ] Show me. Show me. We're gonna do more. Sit here. Whoop. This is Dr. Kelly. She lives in our building. And she's gonna play a piano piece. And she's on YouTube with this. [ Cheers and applause ] ** [ Cheers and applause ] [ Cheers and applause ] - Yous want to eat? - Yeah. All right, then listen -- you're gonna have an antipasto that's here with everything -- brucchutta, cabacole, cananacca, ka-ka-ka-ka. And now don't forget, this is informal, all right? It's a pool party. So here's your dishes. [ Indistinct conversations ] ** Thomas: You know, it's a relief to see, even here in the heart of God's Waiting Room in Florida, that aging isn't the grim death-spiral I'd always feared it is. [ Shouting, laughter ] [ Shouting ] I know I'm starting to develop a tendency to repeat myself, but this retirement community seems a lot less like the last years of people's lives. It's kind of like the last week of high school. I got too much on me. You guys -- man. Responsibilities sort of offset to the younger generation. Everybody's just focused on hanging out with, you know, whoever's left. Whether it be in the building or just alive. - Come on! - I can't swim! Come on! Christ, are they more fun than me? [ Cheers and applause ] Even the body's natural deterioration seems a lot less terrifying than it is kind of a gradually increasing inconvenience towards having maximum fun. I may still have a few more working years in me left before I adopt the Lake Point lifestyle, but glad to be back to looking forward to it. [ Shouting, laughter ] Seniors! Bob: I hope you come back again, kid. Surf the internet with browser of future osdb.link/brave 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 