Cable Girls: Season 4, Episode 1 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Cable Girls 
 s4e1 - La igualdad - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Cable Girls (2017–…): Season 4, Episode 1 - La igualdad - full transcript 
 Carlota's new political career faces a major obstacle as Marga suffers heartbreak. Meanwhile, Lidia returns to work and Angeles pitches an idea to her. 
 
 Download 
   [pop music playing] ONE YEAR LATER [Lidia] Wishes make the world go round. They help us enjoy life and its little moments, but also fight for what we care about and not give up until we get it. In 1931, women were closer to getting what they had always wished for. Equality. It was time to leave fear aside and show our real selves. Here's to the first female mayor of Madrid! - If everything turns out as expected. - You'll finish him off on the radio. [Carlota] I think I know how to do it. I'm announcing a new proposal. I'm going to support Luis Jiménez de Asúa and Victoria Kent in their attempt to decriminalize homosexuality. - Huh? - [crowd cheering] - And now let's toast. - To Carlota. - To Carlota. - [Lidia] To Carlota. Carlota had decided to become one of the first people to promote change, and she really wished to make things easier for women so they could achieve the freedom they deserved. But wishing something is not enough. You have to make sacrifices and be strong enough to accept the consequences of what you desire. Excuse me, miss. Mr. Díaz wants to speak to you. I can't right now. I'm partying with my friends. He said it's a matter of vital importance. [Lidia] Because sometimes the price to pay for your wishes is so high, they can turn against you. It's important to hold your ground and to be loyal to your principles. That's what Carlota did. - A little bit... - [Ángeles] Lidia? [Lidia] She was never afraid of fighting for freedom, no matter the consequences. [sighs] I'm so worried about Carlota. She left an hour ago and she's not back yet. Where is Carlota? She went to meet Gregorio. He's blackmailing her with some photos of her with Óscar. Operator, put me through to Ciudad de Madrid hotel. Good morning. Could you put me through to Gregorio Díaz's room, please? [man] Some guests heard voices, and we tried to open the door, but... [knocking on door] - Is this... - [officer] Blood. [Lidia] Even if those consequences were fatal. [theme song playing] A NETFLIX ORIGINAL SERIES SAN ISIDRO FAIR [Lidia] This is Auntie Carlota. Do you remember Auntie Carlota? She looks so pretty. How do you say it? Car... MAYORAL ELECTION TOGETHER FOR EQUALITY Car... Carlota. - How do you say it? - [Eva coos] She just turned two. Her pronunciation will improve. She pronounces it perfectly. [indistinct chatter] [Ángeles] Hey! You are fast! Once more! Oops! Hey, you got me! - Once more. - Hello, girls. - [Ángeles] Hello! You look so great! - How are you? [Ángeles] Hey, where's Eva? She's with Carlos, watching the puppets. How can this girl look so pretty with that flower? See? Grandma and I weren't lying. Mother, why don't you take Sofía with Carlos and Eva? Of course. Let's go, Sofía. [sighs] Have you talked to the future mayor? [Ángeles] I haven't, but Marga has. CHAPTER 25: EQUALITY She talked to her after the morning shift. [Lidia] And how is she? - Marga! - Here. [Lidia] How is Carlota? [stammering] Well, Carlota... She... She's fine. Well, kind of nervous. I told her she should have a chamomile tea, but she won't listen. - I can't believe it. - It's unbelievable. Hey, Ángeles. Isn't that Cuevas? - Did you know he had become a father? - [Ángeles] I... I'm going to get some banners. Hey. I knew I'd find you here. I'm going to vote for Carlota, too. Do you want me to thank you? I don't. I'm the one who must thank you. Guzmán is going to spend more than ten years in jail, and I am a captain now. Captain? You don't patrol the underworld anymore? [chuckles] Now more than ever. Gangsters grow like weeds. Yesterday it was Guzmán, today it is Mirlo. Mirlo? He's new in town. He's taken Guzmán's businesses, but he's much smarter. Or more slippery. More dangerous? Be careful. - Here are your doughnuts. - Thank you very much. - How much is it? - [man] Five cents. [coins clattering] [man] Allow me. Here. [Lidia] Thank you. Are you here for the rally, or are you just crazy about doughnuts? - Both, actually. - We have something in common, then. - Lidia Aguilar. - Sergio Andrade. Nice to meet you. [Carlos] I won't have to make the introductions, then? Carlos. I didn't know whether you would come. [Carlos] Yes, Carlota is the godmother of our daughter. So you're Eva's mother. [Lidia] Mmm-hmm. Carlos showers you with praise every time we meet. Now I can see he was right. Sergio is a keen enthusiast of communications and technology. It's the future. By the way, I've heard you're organizing this year's European Communications Fair. Yes. We want to present our advances in technology. Cathode-ray tubes are the harbinger of a new communication system. In due course, it will put the radio out to pasture. For the good of my station, I hope it doesn't get out of hand. Did your boss accept the debate on the radio? - He'll be there. - Excellent. Well, the rally is about to start. - Lidia, nice to meet you. Carlos. - Nice to meet you. What's that debate thing? I suggested a radio debate between Carlota and Gregorio to be broadcast to the whole of Madrid. So his boss is Carlota's rival? I also find it hard to believe. He is one of the few decent people in that party. If his ideas are like Gregorio's, I'm not that sure. - Shall we? - Yes. I bought a bunch of doughnuts. [Gregorio] Ladies and gentlemen, dear fellow citizens... Today, both men and women can choose... Good luck, comrade. You have the support of the party. Thank you, Víctor. Today, both men and women can choose who will govern us. All of us. "All of us can choose who will govern us." You must come across as friendly. That's who you are. That's what distinguishes you from Gregorio. I can't believe that six months into the campaign, - I still get so nervous. - You're going to be great. [Gregorio]...because they can't be fulfilled. They are also promising equality between men and women. And that, my dear fellow citizens, is an atrocity. Gregorio Díaz, the mayor this city needs. Thank you very much. MAYORAL ELECTIONS They are clapping a lot, aren't they? That's just whispering compared to the standing ovation awaiting you. You will be the next mayor of Madrid. Thank you very much for your words, Mr. Díaz. Now is the turn of Ms. Carlota Rodríguez de Senillosa. As you can see, they all support me. For the time being. Wise people change their minds. - [announcer] Let's welcome her. - [crowd clapping] How is she? She'll be fine. Today, I want to start by thanking you... you and you. I am a telephone operator, a cable girl, a worker who fought and continues to fight for her rights. And today, thanks to the Republic, this effort has borne fruit. [crowd cheering] People are amazed. They're applauding so much. [Carlota] Do you know why? Because today, all of us men and women can choose who will govern us. Because today, women have access to equal education and are not second-class citizens anymore. Because today, women can access the labor market. They can leave their homes and work without feeling guilty, as we've passed a divorce law which allows men and women to fall in and out of love freely. But there are still many more rights to conquer. If we change the capital city, everything else can be changed, too. But we have to carry on fighting. You see, it's the only way to conquer our most sacred treasure. Our freedom. [crowd cheering] She was brilliant. I can't believe it. Carlota could be the mayor of Madrid. [cheering] I told you they would change their minds. There is nothing a beautiful smile can't get, right? I'm going to support Luis Jiménez de Asúa and Victoria Kent in their attempt to decriminalize homosexuality. - Huh? - [cheering] - And now let's toast. - To Carlota. - To Carlota. - [Lidia] To Carlota. [Ángeles] Marga. What's wrong? Are you okay? Are you upset because Don Ernesto didn't let you into the accounting department? What's wrong? - I'm getting a divorce. - [Lidia] What? Pablo continues to punish me for what happened with his brother, and I can't go on apologizing forever. - But you love him so much. - [Marga] I know. I fought so hard to save our marriage, but... it was no use. We have agreed to meet tomorrow morning at the courthouse. Well, if you feel that's the only solution, - that's it. - Yeah. Now I just need to pluck up the courage to go there. [Lidia] I'll go with you. We won't leave you alone in this. - Thanks, girls. - [Lidia] No worries. Don't tell Carlota. I don't want to ruin her moment of glory. [swing music playing] You know I couldn't have done this without your support, don't you? If I finally win, it'll be a victory for the two of us. And for everything we're defending. I'm aware of all the sacrifices you have made so that I could stand as a mayoral candidate. Putting off our wedding... hiding, Óscar... All I care about is being with you. I promise I will make up for it. - I don't know when or how, but... - Shut up, Ms. Candidate. [Miguel] Excuse me. - Ms. Almost-Mayor... - [Carlota chuckles] Excuse me, miss. Mr. Díaz wants to speak to you. I can't right now. I'm partying with my friends. He said it's a matter of vital importance. [sighs] I didn't expect to see you here. We have a pending conversation. I don't know what you mean. [chuckles] [Carlota] What's this? Have you taken pictures inside my home? You entered my home! You're a louse, a pervert. You've invaded my privacy. [Gregorio] Seeing the content of the pictures, I can assure you that detail will go unnoticed by the authorities and the press. I'm free to do whatever I want in my private life. Even if you become mayor? These pictures have a price. Shall we talk business, or will you continue hurling insults at me? Fine. What do you want? As you may know, the polls suggest you will win. Congratulations. But if you don't want those pictures to be public, you'll step down as a mayoral candidate during our debate on the radio. Son of a bitch. You don't deserve to become mayor. But don't worry, I'll make sure people know how disgraceful you are. Carlota. Don't do anything you could regret, as I could destroy your political career. And your life, and the life of that man, woman or whatever. The choice is yours. If you don't want those pictures to be public... Good evening. [car door closes] [Carlos] You've been very quiet since we left the White Lady. Is anything wrong? [Lidia] No. I was thinking about Carlota's speech, and what she said about everything women have achieved. And? I want to work again, Carlos. I need it. I really do. I was thinking I could organize the European Communications Fair. Maybe you think it's hasty, but... I think... you'd take a load off my mind. Would you like to start tomorrow? Really? - Yes. - Just one thing. - Yes. - Your manager demands British punctuality. At 9:00 a.m. Not a minute earlier... - or later. - I'll be there at 9:00 a.m. sharp. I'm going to change my clothes. But will you go tonight, too? Lidia, why don't you stay so that we can continue celebrating? You know nurses don't come at night. Do you know that? Do you want me to go with you? No. Go to sleep. I prefer to go on my own. When wishes don't come true, they turn into frustration. A feeling that traps you and forces you to live a life you don't want. I had been chasing my biggest desire for a year, but I was afraid there wouldn't be a happy ending. However, wishes feed on hope, and I kept hold of it, no matter the consequences. Francisco was in a deep sleep since he saved my daughter, and I just wanted him to wake up. Flora, don't forget to bolt the door and put the padlock on the garden railings, okay? [Óscar] Bolts, padlocks... When did you start being so cautious? There have been some burglaries in the area. Better safe than sorry. How's your headache? Better. Carlota, if you don't feel well, we can cancel tomorrow's debate. - I can call Carlos right now... - No. There's no need. Are you okay? Yes. That man represents the most reactionary ideas, the things I despise the most. We deserve a change that is in tune with the new times, and you represent that change. Do you really think that? It has been a very long campaign. In a few days, you'll be mayor, and all this will be over. Shall we go to bed? I'll be there in a minute. I just want to call the party office. I didn't drop by today, and I want to make sure everything is in order. Fine. Do you like the changes? [Lidia] It's beautiful. You've built this in less than a year. It's so great, Carlos. [chuckles] Are you ready to be a businesswoman again? [sighs] I instructed Magdalena to help you with everything you might need. Thank you. I have a meeting with the engineers, but I'll come to see you later. You're not wishing me good luck on my first day? You don't need it. IN MEMORY OF THE VICTIMS OF THE ATTACK AT THE TELEPHONE COMPANY [Magdalena] Good morning, Ms. Aguilar. Don Carlos has asked me to schedule your commitments. Magdalena, if we are going to work shoulder to shoulder, call me Lidia. And cancel today's plans. I have something else in mind. And make coffee for six. [Magdalena] Okay, Lidia. [Lidia] Some of you already know me. For the ones that don't, I'm Lidia Aguilar. From now on, I will be your boss. I'll be in charge of organizing the communications fair. - Welcome. - [Lidia] Thank you, Miguel. The first thing I will ask you to do is to write a report on the latest developments in your respective departments. We are all very busy gentlemen. I know, but it is important to make a good impression at the fair. If everything goes well, it will be good for our international projection, - for entering the South American market. - If that report was necessary, Don Carlos himself would have asked us to write it. [Miguel] Are you deaf? Mrs. Aguilar is now in charge of organizing the fair. You're reluctant to receive orders from me. Am I wrong? I suppose it's a matter of getting used to it. You're Don Carlos' partner, of course. [Lidia] Are you questioning my worth? Let me remind you this is not the first project I have led for this company. That's true. For a woman, you didn't do that badly with the booths business. [all chuckle] [Lidia] Look. Times change, and this company changes accordingly. So I'm afraid the company will have to do without your services from now on. I've worked in this company from the very beginning, and you're nobody to fire me. Magdalena, call the personnel department and tell them to prepare Don Ernesto's settlement. It seems he doesn't feel comfortable working here. Does anyone else have a problem with me being the boss? You fired Don Ernesto on your first day. Can you tell me what happened in that meeting? He questioned my worth in front of all the department managers, for being a woman and for being your partner. Lidia, Don Ernesto has worked in this company all his life. That's the problem. He's an old-fashioned man, a misogynist who can't stand receiving orders from a woman. Okay, but you can't make a decision like that without consulting me. You're right. I'm sorry. But if I want to make them respect me, I can't let people talk to me like that. I won't do anything again without talking to you first. But it can't be that difficult to find a replacement. No. I know someone who could be suitable for that position. Antonio Castro. I see him occasionally at the racecourse. He's brilliant with numbers and is more open-minded. Maybe Don Ernesto didn't fit in well. Maybe we need someone who's more in tune with the times. Does that mean from now on women will be allowed to work as accountants? - Because Ernesto wouldn't let them... - Lidia, he's a very modern man. If they've passed the exam, I don't think he'll have a problem with that. Excellent. - See you later. - Where are you going? I'm going with Marga to the courthouse. Her problems with Pablo haven't quite been sorted, and they are going to separate. Oh, I see. Tell Marga I'm really sorry. See you later. I see you've been married for two and a half years. The divorce law was passed a month ago, and you're already petitioning for it. Can I ask about the reason? - [Pablo] Infidelity. - [Marga] A misunderstanding. Was there infidelity or not? Look, Your Honor, what happened is that my husband has a twin brother. - An identical twin brother. - [scoffs] - With dim light... - Please. What kind of wife can't tell her husband apart? - You must have played dumb. Admit it. - [Marga] Again, I've told you I didn't. Right. Isn't it true you kissed me during the kidnapping, - thinking I was him? - What kidnapping? Wait a second, Your Honor. Let her answer. - What do you have to say to that? - Pablo, I've told you a thousand times. I was confused. Is that so bad? Your Honor, don't you think it's normal to hesitate a bit sometimes? Well, he doesn't hesitate. - He's perfect, you know? - Yes, I'm perfect. I'm so perfect, I end up being boring. Right? In contrast, my brother is very funny, isn't he? - He's so funny, right? So funny. - Okay, enough. Have you tried to sort things out? [Marga] I have, but it was useless. We haven't lived together for a while, and when we meet, we end up arguing. Divorce is the only option. In that case, if both parties are in agreement... - Well... - We are in agreement. [sighs] Here. This is yours, too. How are you? [crying] My heart's been torn out. Come on. Let's get some fresh air. Let's go. I don't think I'll be able to get over this, Lidia. I feel that even if there is no hope, even if there is no going back... I still love him and... And that will never change. Sometimes love doesn't make sense, Marga. [Lidia] I know what I'm talking about. Pablo is moving to Zaragoza. He asked for a transfer. Maybe I should leave, too. Go back to my village and be left on the shelf, like every old maid there. Marga, what are you talking about? You're not the person who left that village anymore. You can't go back. Yeah. [sniffles] And it would kill my grandmother if I told her I'm one of the first divorced women in Spain. You may not be too excited about this... but what about becoming the first female accountant of the company? What are you talking about? I fired Don Ernesto. - Why? - It's a long story. What matters is that man won't be an obstacle for any woman in this company. Why don't you apply for the vacant position again? No. I'm sure his replacement will do the same thing. It's up to you. Either go back to your village with your grandmother... or fight to make your dreams come true. - Ángeles. Why are you here? Are you okay? - [Ángeles] Yes. - Lidia, the papers you asked for. - Okay. Thank you, Magdalena. - Are you really okay? - Yes, I'm fine. I've just come from the courthouse. I was there with Marga. And how is Marga? She's so sad, actually. She's having a rough time. I told her to come to Carlota's debate. Do you want to join us? Mmm-hmm. How was your first day? Have you missed Eva? Would I be a bad mother if I said, "Not much"? No. Yes, I missed her a lot. But I needed to come back. I needed to feel that I can do other things. I know exactly what you mean. Lately, I've been thinking of our daughters and the future awaiting them. I think we should do something. Like what? Many of the young girls here hardly have any education, and if the company created a school to give these girls an education, they could perform better and aspire to new positions. You are so right. Lidia, I'd like to be in charge of the project. I mean, creating a school. What do you think? I think it's a great idea. Is it? I have to discuss it with Carlos. - Thank you! - [both chuckling] - [Lidia] Let's find Marga. - Yes. It's getting late. Let's go. [host on radio] Good afternoon, dear listeners. Broadcasting from Radio Central, in whose studios we are waiting for the arrival of Madrid's mayoral candidates. The Republican Democratic Party - and the Conservative National Party... - [Sara] Here you go. Thanks. Remember, Gregorio will take every opportunity to drive you up the wall. You must try to stay unperturbed. - Are you listening to me? - [Carlota] Yes, of course. Carlota, are you sure you're all right? [Carlota] Sara, don't worry. I know what I have to do. - [Carlos] Sara, Carlota. - Good afternoon. - How are you feeling? - A bit nervous. - [Carlota] Has Gregorio arrived yet? - [Gregorio] Yes. We just got here. Ms. Rodríguez de Senillosa. Well, since we are all here, Carlos, could you explain to us the mechanics of the debate? Sure. Well, David Azcárate will be the moderator. - You already know him. - Good afternoon. He'll ask questions about several issues, and you'll take turns to answer. Both of you will have one minute to answer each question, okay? We have arranged that space so you feel comfortable, but before starting, do any of you prefer to be the first one to answer? - No. Well, ladies first. - [Carlota] No. I don't want any advantage. I suggest we flip a coin, then. Heads, Gregorio starts. Tails, Carlota starts. Thus, decriminalizing female infidelity would lead to prostitution. We don't want the angels of our homes to be thrown into perdition, do we? Women's moral virtue must be preserved, not just for their own good, but also for the sake of our children. Because a society that doesn't protect the moral virtue of its daughters and mothers, of women, in general terms, is a degenerate society, a lost society. Hmm? Ultimately, it's a question of patriotism. [David] Very good. Thank you, Mr. Díaz. I think your view is quite clear. Now we must move to another important topic. Ms. Rodríguez de Senillosa, you've advocated the abolition of the death penalty. Could you explain to our listeners why you think this measure would be beneficial? I'm sorry, I... I have to announce something to our listeners. I have decided to step down as a mayoral candidate for Madrid. [David] Excuse me. Did you just say you are stepping down as a mayoral candidate? Yes. [David] Well, ladies and gentlemen, you just heard it. The PDR candidate, who, according to all the polls, is the favorite to win the mayoral election, has just announced she is stepping down. - What's going on? - I don't know. I find this very surprising, Doña Carlota. And I suppose our listeners do, too. From here in our Radio Central studios... - What happened? - [Lidia] Did you know something? No, I didn't. - Why has she done this? - I don't know, Ángeles. [Carlota] Yes, of course. [David] Could you tell us the reason? I think our listeners, and especially all the voters, deserve an explanation. [Carlota] Well, it's for personal reasons. But even if I step down, my party will have candidates at the election. This is not the end of the PDR. [David] Ladies and gentlemen, the program is over. Undoubtedly, the stepping down of the PDR candidate has overshadowed the debate. Now... Didn't she tell you anything? We're on air. Please. [David] Ms. Rodríguez de Senillosa, I wish you good luck from now on. - Don Gregorio. - [Gregorio] Mr. Azcárate. - Thank you very much. - [David] Thank you. [sighs] Congratulations, Carlota. - A timely retreat is a victory. - Shut up and honor your part of the deal. Give me the pictures. Obviously, I don't have them here. I'll see you tomorrow at the Ciudad de Madrid hotel. - Why don't we go right now? - [Gregorio] No. I'm so sorry, miss, but... I prefer to throw a good party to celebrate this debate. I'll leave you alone. Carlota, what happened? - Carlota. - What happened? Why have you stepped down? Carlota, you've been preparing for this for months. I know. And I know I should have told you earlier, but I just couldn't do it. I just realized that if I became mayor, things would never be the same between Óscar and me. We'd lose control over our lives and our privacy. - But it would be for a good cause. - At what cost? We would never be able to go out without being chased by journalists, and our enemies would always be lying in wait. - I wouldn't mind the sacrifice. - Well, I would. The way we are living is also a way of fighting. Óscar, we have been hiding all our lives, and now that we are finally free... we have to do what we should have done a year ago. Get married. Yes. Let's do it tomorrow. - What? - Are you free? [Sara and Marga chuckle] But Carlota... Yes. And I know Judge Mauricio would conduct the ceremony, and we can do it in our garden. Something small with our closest friends, right? And once Óscar's papers are ready, we'll move to Paris. So you can live freely. Do you have other plans? - [chuckles] - [Carlota] Yes? [stammering] Yes! Yes, Carlota, of course. What do you say? Great! [both chuckle] [Lidia] Achieving what you want makes you extremely happy. Knowing you are finally just one step away from being yourself, showing who you really are and how you really feel. I'm going to miss you so much, baby. Come on. Pick a seat. [Lidia] Knowing that, no matter the distance, the people you love will be safe and sound. Moving on and starting a new life full of uncertainty. But the way to your dreams is sometimes too long, and happiness seems so far. You just have to wait patiently and not let discouragement destroy you. [doorbell rings] - Hello. - Hello. - Where's Ms. Carlota? - In the guest room. - I'll wait for you in the living room. - Yes. Thank you. - Lidia, what are you doing here so early? - I'd like to have a word with you. Why aren't you ready? What's going on? Carlota, you sacrifice your political career... and suddenly announce this wedding. I know you. I know something is going on. [sighs] Do you know what's going on? That power corrupts everything. And that in politics, everything is rotten. - What's going on? - [sighs] - Promise you won't say anything to Óscar. - I won't. Gregorio has some pictures of me and Óscar. So if I didn't step down as a candidate, he was going to publish them. Son of a bitch. - Did you give in to his blackmail? - Lidia, I... I've realized that what matters... is my happiness with Óscar, me marrying him. And getting as far away from this as possible. But I need those pictures. - So I'm meeting him now to get them. - What? Where are you meeting him? At the Ciudad de Madrid hotel. I'm leaving now. Carlota, you're getting married in an hour. - I'll have enough time, don't worry. - I'm going with you. - Lidia, you don't have to. - I don't want you to go on your own. Elisa. I went to your house, and the servant told me you were here. I need to talk to you and Carlos. What's wrong? My mother, Lidia. She's going to be released from jail. I'll be back in less than an hour, okay? Where's my brother? But how come she is going to be released from jail? Carlos, it was naive of us to think that your mother would just stand by and do nothing after being sentenced. She's a very dangerous woman. She'll never get close to us again. I promise. [Ángeles] No, thank you. - You look so fancy. - Thank you. One doesn't know what to wear for these modern weddings. Did you give your mother the money? Yes. And she thinks I earned it by working overtime. The best thing is that Sofía stays in the village. There is no need to take unnecessary risks. Yes, I guess so. By the way, the school project is already underway. It will be the perfect cover to recruit our informants. With Lidia working for the company again, I didn't think you'd dare do it. The school is beneficial for everyone. For the company, for those young girls... And for Mirlo. I believe in that project. This way. [Lidia] Our wishes made us targets. And now we had to pay the price for being so demanding. NEPTUNE SUITE An excessive price that would change our lives forever. But if you really wish for something, the consequences and risks don't matter. [sighs] I'm so worried about Carlota. She left an hour ago and she's not back yet. Where is Carlota? She went to meet Gregorio. He's blackmailing her with some photos of her with Óscar. That's why she stepped down as a candidate. My God. Operator, put me through to Ciudad de Madrid hotel. Good morning. Could you put me through to Gregorio Díaz's room, please? [Lidia] And we were willing to fight for it until our last breath. [man] Some guests heard voices, and we tried to open the door, but it is locked from the inside. - [knocking on door] - [man] It's here. [Sergio] What are they doing? - Is this... - [officer] Blood. Gregorio! Gregorio! Gregorio! Gregorio! Gregorio! Gregorio! Gregorio! Gregorio! [Lidia] Even if that meant having to destroy our enemies. Gregorio! Miss, what have you done? You are under arrest for the murder of Mr. Gregorio Díaz. Subtitle translation by Paula Rodríguez 
 
 Play Now 
 Download 
 
 
 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 