Shetland: Season 1, Episode 2 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Shetland 
 s1e2 - Red Bones: Part 2 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Shetland (2013–…): Season 1, Episode 2 - Red Bones: Part 2 - full transcript 
 When no other prints are found on the knife that killed Hattie suicide is the first thought as her mother says she was prone to depression. However Perez discovers that she had had a fling with Berglund,which could jeopardise his dig. Perez matches a necklace Hattie was holding to one in an old photograph of Mima with Per Lungstad,one of the Norwegian escapees in the war. Per was supposedly drowned but no body found. However the list of suspects grows as Perez discovers that Berglund was also having an affair with Ronald's wife Anna,a fact Mima could have seen and that Ronald was in debt to Duncan Hunter.Ultimately Perez learns that Mima was upset to see the body being dug up on the archaeological site,reminding her of a secret love affair from over sixty years ago. Ailing Andrew Haldane supplies Perez with some of the facts but,as the crowds gather for Up-Helly-Aa Perez must work out the precise link between past and present and the reason for Mima and Hattie being murdered. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Who's there? Is that you? 'I'm at my grandmother's croft!' I...I don't understand. She's been shot. She's dead. Has the gun been fired recently? Aye, I went out shooting rabbits after I got home. I'll need to take the gun. Can I help you? 'Two families. The Wilsons and the Haldanes...' Jackie Haldane? 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 '..Related. Living on top of one another for generations...' We're all connected in one way or another on Shetland, aren't we? One big happy family. '..One of them wealthy, one of them not.' Now, I can't believe that that hasn't created any tension. My boy wouldn't hurt anyone, let alone his own family. You should be asking yourself who inherits the land. It's Hattie James. I need to speak to you. Hattie? Hang on. My signal's going. Oh, good God! 'Inspector?' Can you hear me? Hello? Did Hattie ask permission to work at the dig? 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 No. I didn't know she was here. I was over at my croft all night. Well, I have to ask you this. Were you alone? Uh-huh, alone. I just want to know what happened to my mother and this girl, I don't need accusations. You might want to take a look at it before we whisk it down to Inverness. All the equipment's initialled, so stuff doesn't get mixed up. PB. And I'm guessing it's not Pierce Brosnan. Paul Berglund. Check these for prints as quick as you can. As far as I'm concerned, this is a suspicious death. Tape off the area and get Sandy to block the access road. It'll keep him busy. I'm going to head back to the main island. Subtitles by MemoryOnSmells http://UKsubtitles.ru. But, from the photos, she reckons blood loss, wounds probably self-inflicted. I'm just... I'm not sure. You see, the bruise on the arm, it could be someone held her. And she's got another one on the back of her head. She could have cracked it when she passed out. And these cuts? No reason why they couldn't be defensive. Self harmer? Her mother said she'd suffered from depression, didn't she? The lab got back. The only prints on the knife are Hattie's. What?! On a knife that numerous people must have used? That... that doesn't make sense! I mean, what if... the prints were wiped and then, the knife was put back into Hattie's hand after she was killed. Nah... Jimmy, this feels like suicide. Mima's death could have pushed her over the edge. Hello. Yes, he's just here, hang on. Who is it? Duncan. What would you say if I told you I just picked up that great wee engine for your boat? 'I was going to call you...' 'Sounds ominous. Go on.' Well, I was just thinking, you know, because I cannot think of one single person on these islands that you haven't done business with, because everybody likes you 'and everybody respects you...' Where is this going? I'm thinking of requesting a banning order for Up Helly Aa. 'On what grounds?' Public safety. I do not have the manpower. The festival will police itself. I've got two unsolved murders on my hands and I'm supposed to switch off all the streetlights in Lerwick. 'No CCTV. 'I'm supposed to open all the church halls.' And there's tourists jamming all the roads. Now, what do I do if something happens? What do you want me to do about it? I'm not on the Island Council. 'But you know just about everybody that is.' So I'm thinking, you know, if you back me up, then, we might have a chance. 'I'll see what I can do.' But Up Helly Aa has never been cancelled. Yeah, OK, great. Thanks for that. Bye. Excuse me! Have you heard? Yes. What a waste, such a talented girl. I've never understood suicide. The knife found by her body had the initials PB engraved on it. The knife was used to slash her wrists. Any reason why she might use your knife specifically? Was it symbolic? Is that what you mean? She was upset about a love affair and I just wondered... Professor, student. It happens. Yeah, I get the drift, Inspector. Uh-huh. But I want to make one thing clear - there was nothing going on between Hattie and myself. If there's a reason she took her life, it wasn't me. Gwen. I'm Detective Inspector Jimmy Perez. We spoke on the phone. I've got a car waiting for you over here. Are you the one who found her? Yes, I am. Yes. I need some fresh air. Can I get you anything? Apart from a brave face. You haven't got one of them, have you? In my family, we just got on with things. Not much for talking about our feelings. I never knew what to do about her mood swings. It's not easy being a parent. Nobody gets it right. Nobody. She had a breakdown. A couple of years ago. It was over some man. Somebody she was at work with. I thought she was on the mend. I really did. You don't think she killed herself, do you? Do you? It's possible there's another explanation. There's talk of a failed love affair a few years ago. Does she mention anything about that? No. Berglund comes up a lot in her posts. Thanks. Having had one or two fruitless crushes on older men, I'd say she was a bit in love with him. You think? And he's always messaging her. He said they hardly knew each other. Not sure about that. Check out her photos. Not only did he know her, I've a feeling it was in the biblical sense as well. Professor Berglund's been telling porky pies. Hello, Tosh! Drew. Don't bother being nice to her. You had your chance. Is Berglund here? He's gone out. Sorry. Is something bothering you? I just don't like being lied to, that's all. See, look, there. Berglund's car. Do you mind? Hello. You told me that you'd never worked with Hattie before this project. So who's that, your twin brother? She was volunteering on a dig I was supervising. I thought you might misinterpret the situation. Try me. We had a brief fling. I was away from my family. Hattie was beautiful and... available. What I didn't realise was... how needy she could be. Were you still sleeping with her at the time? No. You think it's significant she used my knife to kill herself. You're wrong. I didn't say she killed herself, Professor. Was Hattie threatening to tell the university about your affair? Cos sleeping with a student is a no-no. I mean, you would lose your funding overnight if that got out. It was over. It was! I don't know what you're looking at her for? She's young enough to be your daughter, man. Hattie did all these. They're all objects that were found at the dig. Except for that one. Freya, the protector of lovers. Well, you better hope she's looking out for you two, cos you're going to need her. What's the score with the drawing of the pendant? Why's it with the stuff from the dig? Because Hattie thought it belonged there. Yeah. I knew I'd seen it before. What? The Norwegian, Per Lungstad, he's wearing the pendant that Mima gave Hattie. 'You think Mima and this Norwegian spy were lovers?' Well, he gave her a pendant, the Norse goddess of love, and she kept it for 70 years. Yeah... Drew never gave me anything like that. Although he did write my name in the sand on the beach at Scalloway. Spelt it wrong, though. He can't spell Tosh? Alison. Honest to God, Alison. You're better off without him. Yeah. That goddess of love is certainly being kept busy, isn't she? What are you talking about? Aye, almost as busy as Mr Berglund. Whatever she's saying, he's not liking it. You know, you can see Ronald and Anna's place from Mima's croft. If there was anything going on between the two of them, what's the betting Mima knew about it? Should we spoil the party? No. Sometimes it's good to keep your powder dry, Tosh. It's crowded up there. Just got the pathologist's report. You were right. Foul play. Tosh, check with the Norwegian Embassy. See if you can get a record of all the agents that used the Shetland bus. And I want the names of all the men that went missing. Cassie. I'm not staying in again tonight. Look, Cass. A young girl got killed last night. Until I know why, you're going nowhere. I can't wait for this to be over. What? My childhood! Can I at least go over to Duncan's? Mary needs a hand making food for Up Helly Aa. Sure. I'll drop you. Bye. Bye. Who's this? Gwen James wants to know when she can take her daughter's body back home. I told her not for a few days. OK. I got an email from the War Museum in Bergen. It's the list of the Norwegian agents lost during the Shetland Bus operations. Look. Per Lungstad. It seems to me he was a bit of a hero. He did far more trips than any other sailor. How did he die? It was reported he drowned during a crossing. They never found a body. They moved a lot of money between Britain and Norway via the bus. Does it say if he had any money on him? About a 100,000 Norwegian Krone when he disappeared. I'm guessing you could get quite a lot of pickled herring for that back then. Shouldn't you be looking after the croft? I need to do something more, especially now my father is a suspect. What do you mean? His name is on your incident board. Do you really think my father could kill his own mother. If he did, he wouldn't be beating up cousin Ronald for the same crime, would he? Who said he beat up Ronald? Crossed your mind though, didn't it? Look, I'm not arguing with you about this. OK? My dad needs to know what happened. It's eating him alive. I can see it in his eyes. I'm worried about him. If it helps, I'll go over and see him tomorrow. Tell him how the investigation is going. Put his mind at ease. How's that? Now, go home. But I'll need you in tomorrow to keep an eye on the festival. And it'll be a long shift. OK? OK. Thank you. Hi. Cassie ready? I didn't realise you were picking her up. She's gone. Said she was meeting some friends in town. What's up? Did she say where? Market Cross. Don't worry about her, Jimmy. She'll be fine. I've got two murdered women on my hands that thought they were going to be fine. Oh, hey! Calm down. You're overreacting. Cassie will be all right! The island's not safe, not until I say it is. OK. You want me to come with you? No. You're fine. Hey, Ronald. What do you want? Are you OK? Should you not get home before you get yourself in more trouble? I don't have a home! I don't have a wife! I don't have a family! I've nothing! All right, you calm down. Calm down or I'm going to arrest you. Get in the car. I said get in the car. What's happened? Anna's left me. That's what happened. But she's going to regret that. And so's the bastard she's been shagging! Careful with the threats, Ronald. Remember who you're talking to. Where did you find him? Uh? Oh! Market Cross. Listen, you haven't seen Cassie on your travels, have you? No. No? Here. Drink that. You need to be thinking clear. The booze is only going to make things worse. For everyone. I tried to make her happy. It's not like I wanted to be away from home. I did it for her. And this is how she repays me. You know who the other man is? Aye, that guy who runs the dig. Do you know who I mean? Uh-huh. I'll just be two minutes. Have you got anything in your pockets? What's the charge? There's no charge. He just needs a wee bit of "me time". Ronald? Are you gambling? These slips add up to thousands. Another reason for her to leave me, I suppose. Has this got anything to do with why you were attacked or why you were so sure it wasn't Joseph? You owe people? Who? Duncan Hunter. Cassie? Come here, you. Your Dad's looking for you. Suck this. And if you want my advice, stick to vodka, you can't smell it. That was a joke, by the way. Come on. Right, where the hell have you been?! You knew I didn't want you going out on your own, but yet, you did it anyway! I said I'd meet them. How do you think it would look if I didn't turn up? Nothing was going to happen to me. You don't know that! You don't know cos you don't know what people are capable of! You hungry? OK, so Berglund was having an on-off affair with Anna, and also with Sophie, and possibly Hattie. I'm surprised he's got the strength to pick up a trowel. I suppose if you're going to be addicted to something, it might as well be sex. Anyway, Mima must have seen him coming and going, so what if Anna knew she knew? Gives her a motive. Otherwise, she loses the Haldane money. OK... Just so you know... your man is down in the cells. He hasn't done anything stupid, has he? What do you mean? Like going out shooting rabbits drunk as a skunk in the middle of the night? No, nothing like that. Oh, God! But he did happen to mention your domestic situation. I'm not here to judge you. It can't have been easy moving all the way up here just to find yourself on your own for weeks on end while your man's out at sea. And then, when he does show his face, it's always at the end of a bottle. Now, with the baby, it's a difficult situation. I'm not surprised you feel neglected. Along comes a man like Paul Berglund. If I was in your situation, I would probably have a go at him myself. The problem I have is that Mima Wilson must have known about your affair. Because it would have been hard for her to miss it. And then, the question I have to ask myself is what part, if any, that played in her death? Look, I know what you're getting at, but Mima wasn't going to say anything about Paul and me. She knew an unhappy marriage when she saw one. Meaning? It was clear she never married again because she was so unhappy with Jerry Wilson. She almost seemed relieved he died young. Now... you know that if it does turn out that Mima threatened to reveal your affair, it gives you a motive for murder. There's a lot of money at stake. I don't care about the Haldane money. I never have. You know, I wish Mima had told Ronald about us. I would've thanked her. I didn't have the courage to do it myself. When did it start? Last year. When he came up for the first dig. Before you got pregnant? So that is why he looked so uncomfortable? He didn't know? Didn't know what? Ah, come on... That he's the father of your baby, not Ronald. I made a mistake marrying Ronald. But it doesn't have to ruin my life, does it? You know, all I want is a fresh start. With Paul Berglund? That's not going to happen. Here, come on. Have some of that. Ah, takes me back. This could be you one day. No. Hello. Right, I'll be two minutes. OK. So, how long have you been taking illegal bets? You know me. I'm always looking for a new project. It was just a bit of fun. How much does Ronald owe you? Three grand. You should have told me! Well, as you just pointed out, it is slightly illegal. Yeah, but do you not see my point? Ronald's got a motive now. He needs money, he needs it quick. He could have gone to Mima's to rob her. Why would he? Jackie'll bail him out. And what if she said no? I hope you don't think I had him duffed up. Cos, truth be told, there's a queue from here to Aberdeen waiting to take a swing at him. Your days as a bookie are over. OK? Is everything all right with Cassie? Eh? Aye, she's fine. I was wondering... how she feels about me and Mary starting a new family? I mean, has she said anything to you? No. She likes Mary. Oh, but me, not so much. No, eh... I'm sure she resents me for walking out when she was a baby. Well, I know she does. She feels rejected. That's natural. But she needs us both. You did the right thing coming back. But I don't think it's going to be as easy as you think. When did I say it was going to be easy? I'll... I'll see you later. Aye. Cass. Uh-huh? Here. Cass... you know, if you ever want to talk to me about stuff, you know, how you feel about Duncan, stuff like that, you can. You know, you won't hurt my feelings. OK. Cos I'd much rather you spoke to me about it than bottled it up. Fine. So? Two dads are better than one? Always with the jokes, huh? OK, if you must know. I feel trapped sometimes. I feel so far away from everything. I know, I felt like that, I couldn't wait to get away from here. Now, I couldn't imagine living anywhere else. It's been the longest two years of my life. You were born here. I know. But it just seems a bit weird to stay in the same place all the time. If God had wanted us to do that, he wouldn't have invented TripAdvisor, would he? What am I actually supposed to do? There's no decent shops, the Internet's dead slow. I mean, if I was a tomboy, I'd climb a tree, but we don't have any. You know you'll be at university before you know it. In the meantime, start collecting shells or something. That's mine! Come on! Any chance of a bacon roll? It's no bed and breakfast, Ronald. And if I was you, I would stop drinking. You're a better man sober. So do you think I killed Mima? Some people are capable of anything with a drink in them. Now, gone, get away home. Three cheers for the Galley builders! Hip, hip, hooray! Hip, hip, hooray! Hip, hip, hooray! You take the harbour, I'll stay near the Market Cross. OK? You're the boss. Hi, Tosh, it's me. I'm on the ferry back to Bressay. I just want to make sure you keep an eye on things. Oh, what is it now? Per Lungstad? Mima ever talked to you about him at all? You see, you know what I think, I think Mima thought it was him that they dug up and she was upset about it. And, actually, you were upset about it as well, weren't you? Cos you stopped the dig. "Let whoever is buried here rest in peace," that's what you said. Who's buried up there? What changed your mind, Joseph? Who is buried up there? Because you know, don't you? It was my father they found. Jerry? Jerry was drowned at sea. Jerry Wilson was not my real father. So... Per was your father? Aye. Mima thought the skull was his. Now, what else did she tell you? She... She said that... She said that Jerry found out about her and Per. He was in a rage. He told her that he'd given Per 24 hours to get off the island. And what about the money? The money that Per had on him to take to Norway. I...I don't know. When did she tell you this, when? The day she died. I think she'd kept it secret for as long as she could, but now that it was all going to come out, she just wanted me to know the truth. Why didn't you tell me this? This is nobody's business but mine. But you must have been angry... after being lied to for all those years. Are you telling me you didn't lose your temper? I did not harm my mother. Well, then, where were you the night she died? Because you weren't in Lerwick. I need to know, Joseph. I need to know you didn't do this. I was out on my boat. All night. I couldn't tell you cos I've already been out 15 days fishing. That's my quota for the month. You're saying you lied to me because you were black landing? I need the money. Boats like the Cassandra are killing us. Ronald's not here, if that's who you're looking for. He'll be over on the main island, for the burning. It's your father I've come to talk to. About what? Well, it's not the EU fishing quota, Jackie. Just so you know, he's had another fall. He will keep trying to get out of his chair. You're not feeling your best today, Andrew? Oh, could be worse. I wanted to talk to you about the old days, about the Shetland Bus. You fit for that? You and Jerry Wilson worked together? Aye. The Scalloway men repaired the boats. But when the navy wanted crew, they came to us. We were just boys, but the best sailors on the islands. And you moved men and supplies back and forth? Aye. And money? Aye. What about the Norwegian who was passing information to the Germans? What about him? He got some of our boys captured. The Germans executed them. We were very angry. You remember his name? My memory isn't what it was. Was it Per Lungstad? It might have been. Cos you boys meted out some rough justice, or so they say. I wouldn't know about that. No. No, you wouldn't. Cos that's not true. Is it? Per Lungstad wasn't a traitor. Mima was having an affair with him, wasn't she? Well, if she was, it's a secret she's taken with her to the grave. I wouldn't be too sure about that, Andrew. You know what I think? I think Jerry killed Per in a jealous rage. And I think you helped him to dump the body, maybe... even helped to kill him. Not true! And Jerry, what happened to Jerry? What happened to him? We were fishing. The weather turned. A wave washed him over. I tried to hold onto him. But I lost my grip. And what about the money Per had on him? After Jerry was gone, that was all yours, wasn't it? You used it to buy your first fishing boat. You were 19. And look at you now, eh? The proud owner of the Cassandra, worth what, ten million? Your fortune is built on stolen money. Even if that was true, who would care about it now? Mima. She saw her lover had been murdered and one of the men that killed him lived in the big house across the hill. What did she do, did she threaten to ruin you? Cos all she had to do was pick up a phone. You couldn't silence her on your own, so you got somebody else to do it for you. Was it Ronald? Leave him alone! Can't you see he's struggling? OK, it's all right. Breathe. Why are you doing this to us? Ronald had nothing to do with Mima's death, nothing. You can't be sure of that, Jackie. It was a robbery. Some incomer. You said yourself they smashed a window, pulled out the phone! The answer to Mima's death lies in the past. And you and your father know it. What did you say to him? What did you tell him? Yeah? 'Tosh, it's me.' 'I want you to find Ronald Haldane and bring him back in, 'I'm not finished with him yet.' Yeah, right. Fine, I'm on it. Don't involve Sandy, use another uniform. What did Jimmy Perez want? Uh? All these years, you've sat up here, looking down on us, haven't you? Well, now, you're going to tell me the truth. What did Perez want?! He thinks Ronald killed your mother! Billy, radio Sandy, he's not answering his phone, and I need to speak to him. I've had Inverness on. They're sending up a forensic team and a DCI to take over the investigation. Apparently, we're not getting anywhere fast. Tosh, you picked up Ronald yet? No. I can't see him anywhere. The place is mobbed. Well, they're going to turn the streetlights off at seven, so just keep looking for him. You... I'm sending a copy of my report to your university. So if I was you, I'd start looking for another job. What is it, Joseph? Uncle Joseph! Sandy! When you found Mima's body, you said the landline was unplugged. That's right, isn't it? I think so. I noticed that when I went to call the hospital. I plugged it back in. Have you told anyone in the family about this? No. Are you sure. Nobody? No, nobody. Jimmy, I just saw Ronald going into the Fish Market. Joseph Wilson's away in after him. 'I think you better get over there.' OK, I'll check it out. Listen, I want you to issue an arrest warrant for... Never mind. You're coming with me, now. What do you think you're doing? You want to help your son? Now's your chance! Tosh, Ronald's at the fish factory, I want you to go over there as quick as you can. I'm on my way. Joseph! You think you were going to get away with this? Did you? Did you, eh? Joseph! I never thought someone could do that to one of their own. Never! Never! Joseph! Put the knife down! He's getting what he deserves. Joseph, put down the knife. Put it down! Don't make things any worse than they already are! I'm not letting him get away with it! I'm going to mark him, mark him for life... so everyone, EVERYONE will remember what he did. He didn't kill Mima. He'd nothing to do with it! Did he, Jackie? Go on! Tell him who killed Mima. Tell him! Tell him! That night... after we found the skull, Mima called. She was angry. She said my father would die in prison. Made crazy accusations about the past, about where our money came from. I didn't know what she was on about. But when I looked into my father's eyes, I knew it was all true. I had to protect him. Don't you see? We'd lose everything. Dad would have to go into some care home. I couldn't let Mima do that to us. I couldn't. And Hattie? Hattie came to see me... and she said Mima's lover was buried near the croft. I couldn't let her find the body. I followed her. I didn't want to hurt anyone. But I had to put an end to this. You have to protect your family. You know that, Joseph. Family comes first. WE are family. Tosh. Jackie Haldane, I'm arresting you for the murders of Mima Wilson and Hattie James. You do not have to say anything, but it may harm your defence if... If you do not... I know it - if you do not mention, when questioned, something you later rely on in court. Should I bring in Andrew Haldane? And charge him with what? I just wanted to say that I thought your daughter was lovely. She could empathise with people and see the world from their point of view. And, unfortunately, that made her vulnerable. But it also made her care. And I wish there were more people like her. You should be very proud of her. I am. I always will be. Safe trip. Is that who I think it is? Yep. It's the mainland DCI and his team. I thought you told them we didn't need them. I thought you did. Shit. You still think this is the best place in the world to live? Yep, of course I do. I mean to say, on a clear day, you can see Norway over that way. There is that. And... you can see Iceland over that way. The shop? I forgot, we don't have one of them. Or a McDonald's. Uh-huh. Or a Marks & Spencer. Uh-huh. We've got the sky and the sea, and razorbills and kittiwakes. What more do you want? Topshop. Subtitles by MemoryOnSmells http://UKsubtitles.ru. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 