Shetland: Season 2, Episode 3 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Shetland 
 s2e3 - Dead Water: Part 1 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Shetland (2013–…): Season 2, Episode 3 - Dead Water: Part 1 - full transcript 
 A journalist is killed in a road accident and it emerges he was an old pal of Perez. As the investigation progresses it seems the victim's return to Shetland was connected to plans for a controversial new gas pipeline. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Woo! Shall we shove them up here, lasses? And there's your husband to be. John looks better in real life. Honest. More muscles, at least. Come on. Shall we get a drink down her? Come on. Jerry Markham. What're you doing here? Buying you a drink, hopefully. I'm sorry I haven't seen you since Fran's funeral. No, it's OK. You're a busy man 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 and London's not exactly down the road. I miss her. She made working at the Gazette fun. What about Cassie? She must be about 15 by now. 16. She's staying with Duncan tonight. Are they getting on better? You never stop, you, do you? It's like an interview here. Sorry. Force of habit. So, what you doing up here? Are you just up to see your folks, moving back up, what you doing? Just up to see my folks. Aye. No, I thought so. Kind of outgrown this place, haven't you? No enough juicy stories for somebody like you up here. I wouldn't say that. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Have you met anybody down there? Pound to kiss the bride. Pound to kiss the bride? You got a pound? Oh, come on, look at her. She's gorgeous. No? OK, moving on. What's up with our money? You want another? You can leave the car at mine if you want. No, I'd better not. I've got some e-mails to do tonight. But, look, It's great to see you, Jimmy. Hopefully we'll hook up before I head back south, eh? Aye, sure. Any time you like. Just gimme a call. Hip-hip, hooray! Hip-hip, hooray! Hip-hip, hooray! Down there! Lerwick station. Sandy taking the CID exam this week? Thinks he's ready, aye. There's been an accident on the Skellwick road. Driver died at the scene. I think it was Jerry Markham. There anybody else involved? Not sure. Right. There's some broken glass up there. He must have lost control and spun off. Cause of death? Sorry, I left my x-ray specs at home. Feel free to help. You'll need to get the poor man on a slab. As soon as we can. If it's any consolation, Jimmy, I'd say he died instantly. Something wrong? There's no skid marks on the road. He didn't brake. This glass is from brake lights. So I'm thinking he's been hit from behind. Are we looking at leaving the scene of a fatal accident, then? Tape it off. And check with Renwick and Munro's and see if anybody's brought in a damaged vehicle for repairs. And then get someone else to check nearby crofts and garages to see if anybody's hiding a damaged vehicle. Sir. Must have fallen out as he came down the hill. Good. See what else you can find. Will do. Did you know him well? Och, we'd lost touch but, aye. Aye, I did. Jimmy. It's yourself. How are you? What's wrong? Jimmy Perez. Haven't seen you for as long. I'm here about Jerry. Well, why don't you wait and I'll see if he's up? Maria, I don't think this is a social call... is it, Jimmy? I'm so sorry to have to tell you both this but Jerry was involved in an accident last night and he's been killed. Oh, my... Oh, my God! Oh, no, God! No! Oh, God! What do I do now? I don't know what I'm supposed to do. I've phoned the doctor, Adam. He's going to come and see her. Aye. A sedative...or something. Adam, when was the last time you saw Jerry? Yesterday he asked if I could get him into the Fairhead Terminal. I had some contacts there, so I did. That was the last we saw of him. Even then, I didn't know he'd gone until I saw his laptop was missing. He was practically attached to that thing. Do you know why he wanted into the Fairhead? He didn't say. I suppose he was working on something. He'd set up this... investigative website. We worried about him when he was in London, but not here. Here, we expected him to be safe. Authorising intrusive surveillance. Who is the authorising officer? You'll never pass the CID exam if you can't get that right. Sandy, did you find a laptop at the scene? No. Just the phone. Badly damaged. No record of recent calls. But there are these. Video footage from the Save The Sound protest against the pipeline Storne Gas wants to build. Save the sound! Save the sound! Save the sound! Save the sound! And there's a bunch of photos, too. It's the site where the new Storne pipeline'll be coming ashore. I know that place. It's the Dalhousie croft. It's a fish farm now. Aye. Mr Dalhousie? I ken thee? Sandy Wilson. You know my father. I'm investigating a road accident yesterday. Not far from here. Near Skellwick. Did you see anything? Cannae say I did. Is everything all right? The fish are dying. I've lost about 60% of my salmon stock. If it doesnae stop, I'm finished. Any idea what's causing it? The water. The water's bad. What do you mean? They're wanting me out. They're wanting the land for their pipeline. No damaged vehicles in the vicinity. It is possible somebody made repairs between then and now. And I don't know if this is relevant, but... ..old Joe Dalhousie said he's having problems with Storne Gas. They want to buy his land, which he is refusing to sell. He's lost a lot of his stock. Claims they're trying to sabotage his cages and put him out of business. Why hasn't he reported that? Well... he's an unsociable old fella. To be honest, you'd have a better chance striking up a conversation with one of his fish. But he did mention a journalist had been to see him, asking about it. And I've found Jerry Markham's website. There's no sport, no gossip, no ads. It's just the news. Maybe Jerry was going to run an article on Dalhousie's claims? Maybe. Hello, I'm Detective Inspector Perez. I spoke to your press officer, Andy Belshaw, this morning. I think he's expecting us. 500 tankers a year used to take crude out of here. At Sullom Voe it was more. Today, it's about 150. It's only a matter of time before it runs out. Which makes the new pipeline even more important? Aye, it does. Is that why Jerry Markham was here? Aye. Wanted to know what we thought of Storne Gas muscling in. Another pipeline. I told him there's room enough for everybody. We need as much gas as we can get, like we needed the oil. I remember you couldn't get work here for love nor money. I think he was looking for some negative stuff between us and the gas company so I said as little as possible and showed him our safety measures. It'd be ironic if he'd gone green, after all the money his folks' hotel had made out the oil business. It was Jerry Markham who broke the story about the Cabinet minister with the offshore tax account, wasn't it? Yeah. Made a bit of a splash down south. He could be quite a contradiction, Jerry. You know, he could be very ruthless. But he'd be just as quick to put his neck on the line for people who couldn't stick up for themselves. Is that why you think his death was suspicious? His car was stationary when it was hit. The other vehicle must have rammed him down that hill. And, plus, I think he was working on a story, maybe about Storne Gas. If he was, wouldn't he have mentioned that to you? No. He'd keep his powder dry till he published cos otherwise he's got no scoop. So this story's serious enough to get him killed? No, I'm not saying that. I'm just saying to put it down as an accident is a wee bit premature. You'll have to get forensics in from Aberdeen to have a look at the crash site. We'll see what they've got to say and then I'll decide whether to proceed. I know you're all multi-tasking, Jimmy, but you're not a crime scene examiner. I think it would be good to get someone that's not so emotionally involved to take a look. OK? Hello. Constable Wilson? Yes. Reeves. Forensics. I'd like to get straight to the scene if that's all right. This way. That is one good thing about Shetland - you're never that far to the car park. What's the other? What are those? Bride and groom. It's a tradition. Means there's a wedding this weekend. What does the pathologist say on cause of death? According to the initial report, he died of a rupture in the isthmus of the aorta and a fractured spine. It looks to me like he was hit from behind. No? I'd need to assess the crushing damage before I can comment on that. There's no skid mark on the road. Maybe he was on the phone, didn't have time to brake. We should keep our options open. Jerry Markham knew these roads like the back of his hand. You sound like my ex. He was never wrong either. If he was hit from behind, there'd be paint on it. Ten out of ten. I'll get these samples checked out and give you an answer, in a day or two. I'll need them sooner than that. There's nothing for the Gazette here, Reg. What? I'm just out for a drive. Never kid a kidder. You've been following me all the way from the crash site. OK. I heard about Jerry. Just wondered what happened. You got forensics down there? Traffic Accident Examiner. According to Lynn Gouldie at the funeral directors, his body's still lying in their back room. Not releasing it? Soon. When was the last time you saw him? Jerry? Spoke to him just a couple of days ago. Said he was planning a big piece for his new website. Do you have any idea what that was about? Are you daft? He wouldn't tell me. But he was planning to attend the public meeting for the new pipeline later. Now, the fact you're asking questions like that makes me think there's more to this. Well, you know, being local, I'm sure you'll be the first to hear about any press release. Appears Markham had an app installed on his mobile called Veecryption. I checked with Digital Forensics and if both the caller and the receiver have it, you won't see a phone number or ID. It encrypts the conversation and the data to keep it secure. Liked his privacy, then? Any news on the laptop? Not yet. But we do have a minibus all over the island last night. Evie Watt's hen party. They might have seen something. OK. Check. And can you study in your own time please? Officer Reeves? The crashing damage - you were right. I'm always right, according to you. He was hit from behind, twice. And I found flecks of paint on the floor mat. I'll get it analysed. OK. Do you mind, I'm allergic to dogs, could it go outside? Billy, can you take the dog out? Come on... Come on... Is there anything you need, is there anything I can do? We're fine. We just need to get on and make arrangements for the funeral. There's going to be a delay releasing the body, because it looks as though Jerry was deliberately run off the road. Is there anyone you can think of who would have had a reason to harm Jerry? No. I mean, what about when he was at the Gazette? Is there anyone on the islands that he upset or...? There was one thing... personal, not to do with the paper. Adam, it's not relevant. So, what isn't relevant, Adam? Jerry had a relationship with a young girl from Skellwick. She got pregnant. Her family were upset. He claimed he didn't know if it was his or not. And what do you think? The truth is... Evie was a nice girl from a sheltered background. I don't think she would have lied about something like that. Is that Evie Watt? That's right. Cameron Watt's girl. After Jerry left, she lost the baby. Cameron was beside himself. It left a very bad atmosphere. Jerry never spoke to you and Fran about it? No. I hear she's getting married? Aye, to John, John Henderson. He's a pilot at Fair Head. His wife died a few years back. He's a good man. Well, you're right, I mean, it's probably not important. Sign the petition! Save the Sound! Save The Sound! Sign the petition! 'First of all, ladies and gentlemen,' I'd like to thank you all for coming here today for Storne Gas' presentation of the proposed new pipeline. We, at Storne Gas, want the people of Shetland to know that great care has been taken... Didn't know you were interested in the environment. Just observing, Reg. ..with as little disruption as possible. Now, the cost of linking this new oil field to the mainland is estimated at one billion and a great deal of that money will go into the local economy - new jobs... ..new hotels... And what if there's a pipeline failure? Speak up! Can't hear you! Andrew, shush! What happens if there's... What my daughter is trying to say is what happens in the event of a pipeline failure and the ignition of a vapour cloud? Anybody within 100 metres of that pipeline could be killed. Now... Are the people of Skellwick just supposed to live with that? We have gas pipelines already, we don't need any more. Or another gas company, for that matter! Yeah! We're planning to tunnel underground for the most part. It will be perfectly safe. For the most part? Well, if we acquire Mr Dalhousie's land, we can run the pipeline along the bottom of the loch and then tunnel across the hills to the terminal. No-one will even know the pipe is there. The coastline should be protected. We need wave power, not gas! As far as I am concerned, this gas field is of national importance. The Council has every right to approve another onshore pipeline! This entire project needs to go back to the drawing board! Oh, come on, Cameron, live in the real world, will you? We need to get a petition going, raise awareness, get the entire island behind us, and make sure Dalhousie doesn't cave in. It's true, Storne Gas does want Dalhousie's land, but as you can see, we've made no bones about it, and we've made him a very fair offer. Which he refused? He did. But it's a bargaining technique. He'll sell. In the end, everyone sells. The money too tempting, the way of life too hard. Maybe not for him. I mean, he's lived there all his life. The business is failing, he's defaulted on his mortgage. If he can't pay, the bank will repossess and sell to whoever it pleases. And how do you know about his mortgage details? It's no secret. The Save The Sound Fund are helping him financially. And they are? Evie Watt and her dad. Her fiance, John Henderson, helps out too. It's a family affair. Why do you need Dalhousie's land anyway? Can't you just build round him? Any other route would be too close to the local village. Must be a pain, these claims. They could affect your planning permission, no? If they were true, but they're not. Well, it wouldn't be the first time a big company has tried to put pressure on someone like Mr Dalhousie, though. Claims like that will have you in a room with our lawyers, and trust me, you don't want that. They play hardball. Hardball? What, is that like shinty or something? Did you talk to Jerry Markham about this? Jerry Markham? Yeah, he's a journalist, from London. No. Don't think so. Maybe I forgot. I have spoken to a few journalists about this. Excuse me. Evie... Evie Watt? I'm DI Perez, erm... Could I give you a lift somewhere? No need for ID, I know who you are. Did Jerry Markham ever get in contact with you when he was home? Why would he? He was writing an article on the Storne Gas pipeline, so I assumed he'd want to interview you. He left some messages on my answer machine. I...ignored them. You were very close once, weren't you? That was a long time ago. But it still hurts. I was scared of my own shadow back then. 16. I'd never met anyone like him. My, erm... My father builds boats. Yoals. But they're based on the original Norwegian designs. Takes him months. Very methodical. Jerry was the complete opposite of that - he wanted everything and he wanted it now. Your fiance is John, isn't it? Yeah. Did he know Jerry was trying to get in contact with you? Aye. I told him. I didn't want the two of them bumping into each other and... Sure. John is very angry with the way that Jerry treated me. But he's very devout. He wouldn't hurt a fly. OK. Hey, kiddo. Hey. How was Duncan? What's his latest scam? Ask him yourself. He dropped me off. And why d'you always make it sound like he'll appear on Crimewatch any minute? He's just a businessman. Who gave me 50 quid towards the trip to Edinburgh. We haven't agreed on that yet. What is your problem? My problem is whether or not you're ready to go away for a weekend on your own. Not on my own. With my friends. You know what I mean. Dad, I'll be going to university soon. Deal with it. Or are you going to close down the ferries and the airport and make sure I never leave? What's the word on Save The Sound? Funded mostly by local donations and environmental groups. Evie and her dad are passionate about it. And what about John Henderson? Sympathetic, but keeps his involvement low profile. He works out at the port control. OK. Let's get Joe Dalhousie's water tested. Cos if Storne Gas are trying to get him off his land, that's the story Jerry would be interested in. But why would anyone kill him over it? Sorry, just asking. If Storne Gas have committed a criminal act, it'd jeopardise their planning permission, everybody loses out. Tosh, see if you can get me everything on this Iain Redford guy over at Storne. And also, get uniforms to check all the skips, recycling bins, everywhere and anywhere, because we need the laptop. Are you John Henderson? Aye. Can I have a word? It'll have to be quick, if you don't mind. I just wanted to ask you a few questions about Jerry Markham. I'm afraid I didn't know the man. And what I did know, I didn't like. If he had done the decent thing and stood by Evie, I wouldn't be getting married to her, so...in many ways, he did me a favour. I live Sola Scriptura, detective. The Ten Commandments are my guide in life. And "Thou shalt not kill" is... It's number six. You know the commandments then? I know that one. I hope you don't mind me asking you this, but how many years is it since your wife passed away? Five. It's not easy, is it? Adjusting. I suppose getting to know Evie must have been like... coming alive again. It did. Aye. And you're getting married tomorrow? A traditional Shetland wedding, I hear? Uh-huh. Whoever wants to come is invited. The entire island. Yourself included. Well... ..I might take you up on that. Joe? Joe? Are you in, Joe? Mr Dalhousie? Joe! It's me, Sandy. It's Sandy Wilson! I just come to see if you're OK? It's a lot worse inside. They did this! They're trying to destroy me! OK. Just calm down, Mr Dalhousie. Now, did you see anything or hear anybody? I've had enough. The next time they come, I'll be waiting on them! OK. Don't do anything stupid, Joe. Do you want to give me that? Good man. It has to stop, aye! It has to stop! Dad? Cass? I saw someone in the kitchen, trying to steal the laptop! You do what we agreed, OK? You lock yourself in the bathroom and I will get someone over to you right away. 'All right?' OK. You OK? I'm fine, I just got a fright. He saw me and ran. Somebody just chancing their luck? Yeah, Duncan's right. It's probably just some kid... ..at it for a bet. Let's rob the cop's house. Big joke. Didn't seem like a joke. No, sure... Well? 'No luck.' What are you doing? Helping Joe. Is he around? What do you want, Iain? Mr Dalhousie, I've been asked to come here to make you a final offer. It's very generous. Storne had nothing to do with this. It's not just them annoyed with him for blocking the new pipeline. You know, Evie... I didn't even want to come here today. Just following orders, yeah? Now go, please. You think the break-in had something to do with Jerry Markham? Maybe. You don't have enough physical evidence for a murder enquiry. Have you been talking to Reeves? Is it possible you're just trying to make sense of a friend's...tragic, but random, death? Jerry didn't mind ruffling a few feathers. He was more of a vigilante than a journalist. Now, what if he got access to the company and discovered something that was a lot more damaging than just this campaign to get Joe Dalhousie off his land? Damaging enough to blow this new pipeline right out of the water. You mean a whistle blower? I'll hold off for another day, but you need to verify that, and quick. Sandy... See if you can find this guy on any other cameras, will you? Yes. Got it. Thank you. Redford. No criminal record. But he studied engineering at Glasgow Uni, same time as Evie Watt. I dug a bit deeper and it seems they had the same address in their second year. Flatmates? Maybe more than that. What can I do for you? I am Detective Inspector Perez. This is DS McIntosh. Nice yoals. Aye, they are. Beautiful. Blood, sweat and tears. Worth it for a boat like that, eh? Oh... Indeed. We've become used to the easy life, it's... ..made us greedy, uncaring. Well, I don't want to take up too much of your time, but did Evie happen to mention to you that I had a word with her about Jerry Markham? She did say, aye. Terrible thing. I think he was working on a story about the new pipeline. Was he? He didn't contact you about it? He knows he'd not get much of a welcome from me. And I'll say this. The Markhams made a fortune from the oil boom. I find it hard to believe that Jerry would write about anything that might jeopardise his family's livelihood. Maybe if the story was big enough? When he got my daughter pregnant, she was shunned by the Markhams. When she wanted to spend her wedding night at the Skellwick Hotel, Maria Markham refused to take the booking. Those sort of people look after number one, believe me. It must be difficult for Evie, with her old flatmate working for the Storne Gas. Iain Redford, you mean? Aye, it is. But he maintains Storne have nothing to do with this campaign to get old Joe out, but...who else would it be? Do you think Evie's going to keep up with the boat building? That's what I'm hoping, aye. At the moment, I build them and she paints them. But soon, she'll be ready to build her own. Where have you been? Come on. You should be getting ready! So Redford lived with Evie, but he'd never heard the name Jerry Markham. You think he's lying? I think we should take up that invitation to the wedding. The paint on the exterior of Markham's car was from a previous coat. But we also found particles of metal. Chrome plating. Means he was hit by someone with a metal bumper. Probably a larger vehicle, a four-by-four maybe? OK, good to know. And what about the paint on the floor mat? Should get the results on that by tomorrow. Right. Sandy... I need a list of everyone on the islands who has a chrome bumper on their vehicle. And then crosscheck that with anyone who had a link to Jerry Markham. That's going to be a fairly extensive list. I don't care. And I want those water sample results. And I want to know what's killing Joe Dalhousie's fish and where it came from. I'm on it. You look gorgeous. He's a lucky man to have you. OK, that's enough. OK. What are you doing out here? Where is she? Get him back inside. Better late than never. In you go. Now! Now! You look lovely. Your mother would be so proud of you marrying a local man like John. So proud. What's wrong with confetti? What happens now? Well... They'll walk down to the hall and then the youngest male relative of the groom and the youngest female relative of the bride, they carry those brooms and they are sweeping away the evil spirits. Right, shall we get out and join the end of this? Let's go. Are you OK? Why wouldn't I be? What is that you're drinking? Don't worry, it's a Shirley Temple. You're not welcome here. I just want to offer my congratulations. It's a bit late for that, isn't it? You seem to have forgotten, Dad, that everybody is invited. I'll deal with this! Come in, Adam. Have a drink. Do as you're told, Evie! So, who's that you're with? Oh, that's Carol. She works at the flotel in the harbour. Is she your new girlfriend? Sort of. "Sort of"? She'd love that. To be honest, I'd rather be here with you. Was I a "sort of" girlfriend, Drew? Were we going to get "sort of" married? And did you "sort of" jilt me? And now, you're "sort of" flirting with me while your "sort of" girlfriend is over there waiting for a drink? I just meant... You know what you can do, Drew, you can "sort" right off! See you. Can I buy you a drink? Nah... No, I don't drink, as a habit. Evie looks lovely. You must be really happy. I'd have preferred a simple ceremony. Marriage is a divine institution, not an excuse to get drunk and make a spectacle of yourself. Are you going anywhere special for your honeymoon? Just a few days sailing around Yell. I've a boat moored up at Toft. We both love that part of Shetland. We'll drive up tonight. Any closer to finding out what happened to Jerry Markham? Fairly sure it wasn't an accident. He was forced off the road? I thought that was just talk. We all have to live on these islands, Joe, not just you! What I do with my land is my business. This "everyone is invited" idea seems to have backfired a wee bit, don't you think? It's like an episode of The Jeremy Kyle Show in here. Come on, Andy. Forget about the bloody pipeline, enjoy yourself.> Stop it... Come on, come on. You're making a fool of yourself! I hope you'll be very happy. Joe, I really need to have a chat with you. Smile... It's our wedding day. I can't just ignore what's been going on. Yes, you can. Enjoy your cheesy puffs. I'll see you there in an hour. OK. Evie, congratulations, it's a grand wedding. Thank you. Thanks. Erm... Just going to say my goodbyes and then go back. OK, enjoy your night. Thank you. Are you going somewhere? The airport. I've finished my report. And? You can't know what the driver was thinking when he or she hit Markham. As it stands, the only crime committed was leaving the scene... But I hope you find whoever was behind that wheel. You know, considering that was his wedding, John Henderson looked pretty miserable to me, don't you think? I think there's something going on there. In fact, I don't care if he's going on his honeymoon. Come on, I want to talk to him. 'No new messages.' Are you sure Henderson's at home? It seems deserted. Quick! Call Billy. John? John? John, it's Jimmy Perez. "Blood toucheth blood." Phone's been ripped out. Could be a robbery. Nice to meet you. Pleasure. 'This is the final boarding call for flight...' Hi. Flight to Aberdeen. Perez, calling to say goodbye? Cancel your flight. It's bad news, Evie. OK, just tell me then. I can't confess to something I didn't do. You seem to have forgotten, I'm the victim here. But whatever it is, Evie Watt is at the centre of it. I don't blame John Henderson for what happened. You put my daughter in danger and I want to know why! You're wasted here, you do know that, don't you? Just tell me the truth. And what is that? 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 