Shetland: Season 2, Episode 5 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Shetland 
 s2e5 - Blue Lightning: Part 1 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Shetland (2013–…): Season 2, Episode 5 - Blue Lightning: Part 1 - full transcript 
 When a scientist is murdered in a bird sanctuary on Fair Isle and Perez returns to his childhood home to investigate, a storm forces Perez and the suspects to remain enclosed under the same roof. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Subtitles by MemoryOnSmells http://UKsubtitles.ru. 39. One chick, fully feathered, two adults. 40. Empty nest. Last one. One chick, fully feathered, two adults. Horrible system forecast from the East later. Yeah, I saw that. Finlay! Hey, kiddo. You arrive OK, then? 'I did, thanks. And I forgot how cold it was over here.' So, aside from cold, how is it? 'Windy!' 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 'Why couldn't you've been born in, like, the Caribbean instead of Fair Isle?' Ahh... You know I'd miss the rain. I'm sorry I can't be there. How's that pile of paperwork anyway? 'I'm getting through it.' 'Is that music I can hear?' Yeah. We're just about to go in. Well, tell your gran and grandad that I'm asking for them and have a good time with Angus. And, you know, you behave yourselves. We will. Love you. And I... Hey. How's your dad? Fine, I think. Yeah. You forgot to ask, didn't you? Sort of. But he sounded fine. Ah, yes! Thank you, Frank. Thanks, Frank. There you are, son. Come on. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Cheers! Cheers! There's Angus! The happiest of birthdays to you. Happy birthday, Angus. Happy birthday, Angus. Hey! I'm good, how are you? How many times have you and your wife wished each other a happy anniversary today? Haven't you heard? Absence makes the heart grow fond of texting. You're like a pair of Canada Geese. Honk, honk to you, my sad, unpaired friend. Ha! Unpaired I may be. Sad about it? No. Peter, could I have a word? Are you lot going to join in the festivities or are you going to stay in here like a bunch of antisocial lab rats? Bit busy right now, Frank. Working in here isn't a judgment against dancing through there. Yes, but it doesn't hurt to let the islanders know that we're reasonably normal, and not just totally obsessed with their bird life. Oh, I am totally obsessed with their bird life. So am I. Anna, please. It just helps. Oh, for God's sake. You wanted a word, Anna? Oh, yeah. You two go ahead. First drink on me? First? How many do you have in mind? Well, as many as it takes until we lose count. Peter. Well? Close the door. Close the door... and lock. Just closed will be fine. Drink, please. I'll get it. You're all right, Finlay, I'll take it from here. Little tip. Better to chat her up away from the husband. Joe? Joe? What are you doing here? Joe? Tess! Tessa! Right, this is my wife Tessa, Frank Blake. Jimmy Perez. Hang on, say that again. '..overnight to storm force ten that will be accompanied 'by heavy driving rain. 'Due to the conditions, the airport is expected 'to shut down within the hour. 'This will make travel between the Mainland 'and Fair Isle impossible for the next 24 hours...' There! Are you all right, darling? Yeah. Bumpy flight, I take it? Aye... Just a bit. Good to see you, Jimmy. You too, Dad. This is my colleague, Detective Sergeant Alison McIntosh. Hello, sorry, I'm not always this shade of puce. Jimmy's mother's the same. It's the boat for her every time. Right, now, let's get these things loaded up. Given how much time we've already lost, it's probably best if we just crack on. Did you manage to keep everybody away from the laboratory? I got Donnie down there and he's put everything on lockdown. And Isobel is with the family. The weather is probably going to shut Lerwick down for 24 hours at least. So we are on our own, Dad. We're all devastated, Jimmy. I know. There hasn't been an unlawful killing on Fair Isle for 70 years. And even that was caused by the Luftwaffe. People are scared. You're their lay preacher, Dad, just do your best to reassure them. Hopefully, you'll be able to wrap this up pretty sharpish. One of the scientists at the Centre hasn't been seen since last night. Peter Latimer. What does that mean? I'm just saying that if I was a bookie, I wouldn't take any bets on who did it. It's probably just as well you're not a bookie then, Dad. Aye, well. Right, better get started here. Dad, can take you Tosh down to the harbour and see if there's any boats missing. But can you take Cass home first? Sure. And if a boat is missing? Main island coastguard? Aye. If he's headed north, that'll almost certainly mean a recovery operation. That stretch between here and Shetland is notorious. Even locals like myself struggle to navigate it. Well, I'm sure they are aware of that, Dad. Can I help you with that? I'm Finlay Caulfield. I was Anna's assistant. We've been waiting for you, actually. We thought you wouldn't get here before they shut down the transits. I'm Detective Inspector Perez. Could I see Doctor Blake's body now, if you don't mind? The body is in the lab, just through here. I'll be fine from here, thanks. Well, there's no vessels missing. Really? OK. So then, this Latimer is still on the island. Is that a good thing or bad? Who owns these huts? Well, that's the, err... the fishermen there and this belongs to the Research Centre. Shouldn't we be getting straight back? Just need to check these, he could be hiding until dark. Aye, well, there is that. Hey, wake up. Hey, Donnie, good to see you. And you, big man. And you. Just wish it was under slightly different circumstances, obviously. Aye. Anything? No, nothing here. And you? Same. Tosh? Sir, there aren't any boats missing and there are no signs of anyone trying to hide nearby either. 'OK, keep looking and...' Listen, I want you to ask my dad if we can set up an incident room in the village hall. 'Also, I've made a start on the crime scene, 'but I just need to check something and then I'll start feeding information' through to Sandy. OK? He's gone out for a cigarette. I thought this might prove useful... Am I right in saying that visiting researchers would be given a front door key? That's correct. And so, who would have a full set? That would be the three permanent members of staff. That's the Blakes and myself. They're hung up in the office. And were they still there this morning? Yes. Are these bedrooms? Erm... yes. That's mine. Erm... That's Bill's. Latimer's. That's Anna's. And that's Frank's. So, Dr Blake and her husband, they slept apart? Yeah. OK. I'm so sorry, Frank. Joe. Well, in the old days, if I'd have thought of hiding out, I would head for the lighthouses up at Skroo or at Skadden. Good vantage points over the whole island. Why the old days? Well, they've both been automated for years, so they're completely locked up, your man couldn't get in. Could he break in? Unlikely. You still want to check them out, eh? Please... Aye. Good! Good! Listen, thanks for standing guard. Oh, not at all, not at all. I am only happy to help. Bit weird though, ain't it? Aye. Listen, I just wanted to check something with you. Has anybody been in or out of that lab since the body was found? No. Not since I was there, no. You're sure? Positive, aye. Right. OK. Isobel and Angus are looking forward to seeing you. Did he like his present? He loved it, Jimmy. I know I've not been the most hands-on of godfathers... No, no, listen, we understand. You and me, we'll get a chance to have a proper catch up later, eh. Aye, aye, sure. Aye. You get on now. I'll see you later. Right. There is severe bruising at the left temple... ..but not on the right. And there's another bruise on the right cheek. But there's... ..there's no other signs of physical injury. OK. Got that. 'There's signs of a violent struggle within the room, ' but there are no blood spatter on the floor... ..or the walls, 'and there's no blood emanating from anywhere on the body.' Dr Blake's computer is still running, which suggests 'that she didn't have time to shut it down before the attack, ' and it's password protected. OK. OK. Some sort of altercation has taken place, during which Anna Blake has received a severe blow to the left temple... and she's died. But the question is... with what? Would you say Anna Blake was popular with the locals? Anna was all about the work. And Frank looked after everything else. But fair play to her. She kept this island's profile right up there all over the world, and that put money in everybody's pocket. Who's that? That's him. That's Peter Latimer. Right. Pull in here. Peter Latimer?! My name is Detective Sergeant McIntosh. If you're thinking of running, Mr Latimer, number one - I was a cross-country champion and number two... Why would I think of running? Where have you been? 'Come on, Sandy, that's 20 minutes.' They're coming. They're coming. Have you got them yet? I have got them. Finally. I will send them straight to Inverness. 'I need anything that illuminates the choreography 'of her final moments.' I also want you to pull the phone records for Anna's lab phone. Cos I want to know who she was talking to in the last few weeks. And you want her mobile too? Yes, if I can find it. All right? OK, good. Sir? Tosh. I've got Latimer. Where was he? We found him walking back to the Centre. Apparently, he's researching changing migration patterns. He told me he left the Centre early because he'd received news that eight... Icterine Warblers had been reported flying south, and he didn't want to miss them if they flew over the island. It's apparently why he stayed out so long... waiting. Did he have binoculars? A camera? Notebook? He claims he slipped on a path on the cliff top, lost his grip on his backpack, and watched it tumble into the sea. Well, then, he wouldn't have known that Anna was dead. He gave no indication that he did. Did you say anything to him? All he knows is that there was "an incident" at the Centre. Good. I've asked him to wait alone in one of the reading rooms for the moment. OK. Well, I'll speak to him after I've spoken to Anna's family. Your father made a couple of calls and says the village hall's ours for as long as we need it. Excellent. He's a connected man, your dad. Yeah, well, I suppose when you live on an island with 70 people, being "connected" isn't a bigger deal as you'd think. Plus he is the lay preacher and that gives him a certain... status... ..which he does enjoy. Right. I'll talk to Frank, you search Latimer's room. Because if he did kill Anna, then, he almost certainly left the Centre early so he could dump whatever he killed her with into the Atlantic, but see if you can find anything else in there that links him to Anna. Mr and Mrs Warren? Yes, that's right. If there's anything we can do... Well, at some point, my colleague Detective Sergeant McIntosh is going to have to take separate statements from you both regarding where you were last night. Is that really necessary? We were together the whole evening. We'll be as quick as we can. Thanks, Isobel. They're both in shock. It's good to have you home, Jimmy. I am sorry for your loss. I am going to have to ask you a few questions, Frank, it's probably best if we do it now. Joe, would you mind waiting outside? Joe... Have the police given any indication when we can return to our rooms? Tessa needs to lie down. This has been a terrible shock. Did she know Anna? Did she have to? To be horrified by what happened to her? The police have told us to remain downstairs until told otherwise. Would your wife like a cup of tea? It would only upset her stomach. Something to eat? I could make her a sandwich. Thanks, I doubt she would keep it down. I wasn't going to fill it full of puffin shit... you supercilious arse. When was the last time that you saw your wife? When I turned in. At what time was that? Can you remember? About one. Was the dance finished by then? Had everybody gone home? But by one o'clock, as far as you know, the only people who were left at the Centre were the people who were living and working here. As far as I know. And none of those people would have had any reason to attack your wife? She was my wife. I should have protected her. Can you name those people for me? I'm sorry, Frank, I know this is insensitive, but I just have to ask... Can I get you a glass of water or something? No. No, no, I'm fine. OK. You want me to name the people who were staying here, OK. Yes, please. OK. It was myself, Anna, our son, Joe... Peter Latimer. Finlay Caulfield. Bill Warren and his wife, who turned up to surprise him on their wedding anniversary. OK? Thank you. Did you often go to bed before your wife? You don't become pre-eminent in your field without putting in the hours. So she worked hard? Ferociously hard. Did you resent that? In our field, we don't resent those who are cleverer or more insightful than us. We applaud it, we're grateful for it. Cos in the end, it moves us all forward. So it was because of her hours then that you slept apart? Don't waste your time by reading anything into that. Our marriage was fine. So where was Anna when you said good night to her? In the lab, working... ..with Peter Latimer. Working? With all due respect, shouldn't you be talking to somebody who wasn't in their bed when she was killed? I mean, wouldn't that be more useful? Was there anything unusual in your wife working with Peter Latimer late? There was nothing unusual. She oversaw all the research here. And he's a postgraduate student. Right, so you locked up... Yes. ..and you said good night to your wife... Yes. ..and you went to bed. Yes. Now, go on and find out who killed her before I do. Excuse me... Sandy... 'The pathologist's had a look at your photographs, 'she's got a possible cause of death for you.' Extradural haemorrhage, it's caused when a blow to the temple damages blood vessels running to the top of the brain. This results in bleeding within the skull. And if left unchecked, it simply pushes the brain down through the base of the skull and into the top of the spinal column. So it's the base of the brain that controls the breathing and when it's squashed, it just simply stops working. Any word on Anna's phone records yet? Hopefully on there way to me now. All right. While we're waiting, I have a couple of names that I want you to run through the PNC. OK. 'A Dr Frank Blake, 'Emeritus Professor of Biology at Birmingham University.' Frank Blake, 'Birmingham Uni.' And Peter Latimer. Postgraduate student in Avian Biology at Oxford University. 'Peter Latimer, Oxford.' I'll get Tosh to e-mail you the rest. And then you get back to me as soon as you hear anything, OK? 'Will do.' Excuse me. Are you with the police? I'm Detective Inspector Perez. Excellent. Then perhaps you can tell me what's going on and why I'm being cooped up in here? OK... Well, let's not talk out here. What's "going on"... is a murder investigation. A murder? Yes. On the island here? Dr Blake was found murdered in the lab, this morning. Anna? I didn't say which Dr Blake. Sorry. I just assumed. No, well, you're right, it was Anna, I'm afraid. Christ almighty! Wha... what happened? Her body was found in the lab this morning by Finlay Caufield. And I have to say your absence from the building seemed to cause... quite a stir. I explained to your colleague... I... Yes. Icterine Warblers. Yes. If the sighting was correct, it's significant cause for concern. Well, it's not as significant as the woman you've been working alongside for the last few months being found dead in her lab, surely. No. No. Of course not, I was just trying to explain its significance. Sorry, I... I...think I'm in shock. Can I ask you something? How did you find out about the arrival of these birds? Warblers? Was it e-mail? Was it a text? Or what was it? Um... It was an RSS feed. And did anyone else get this feed? No, no... No, I don't think so. Bring it up for me. I think I should speak to a solicitor. There is a storm on the Mainland, you're not going to be able to get a solicitor here for at least 48 hours. Why don't you just talk to me? I didn't kill Anna Blake. I didn't say you did. No, but you think I did. You don't know what I'm thinking. One thing's for sure - you didn't leave this building this morning to spot eight birds prematurely flying south for the winter. So... don't insult my intelligence. Well... Latimer wants a solicitor. You know, I've told him, with the weather coming in, he's unlikely to get one for at least 48 hours, but he's adamant. Do we take that as an admission of guilt? His backpack and equipment aren't here. He maintains he didn't kill her. Although, you know "I didn't" can turn into "I didn't mean to". Mmm. But then, it's possible he's telling the truth about that and lying about why he... There's someone. Finlay? I thought I asked everybody to stay downstairs. Oh, there was something I needed for work. So quite urgent then? Urgent enough to disobey a direct police instruction during a murder inquiry? I just thought it wouldn't matter if I nipped up here briefly, and got what I needed and... It does matter. What did you come up for? Well, I thought it was up here, but... Finlay, you're beginning to annoy me just a wee bit. Just answer the question. Well, it must be down in the lab. What? The memory card, that one that you're holding in your left hand. You can stand there looking glaikit all day if you want, I don't mind, or you can give me the card. Look... it's not what it looks like. If you're going to think on your feet, you'll have to be a wee bit quicker than that. And don't you even think about swallowing that. Trust me, on the way out, it'll hurt you a lot more than it will me. Now, for the last time... ..give me the card. See... Why would you do that? 'Where were you last night? Look at me. 'Don't turn your bloody back on me. Get off me! 'Where were you last night? What is wrong with you? 'Where were you? Do you think I'm bloody stupid?' Do you think I'm bloody stupid?! Do you? Do you?! Do you think I'm bloody stupid?! Frank! Frank! Frank! Leave him! You were in the lab with her last night! That means nothing. Means nothing. Means nothing. Take a minute. Just think about your boy. The last thing he needs is his old man in a jail cell right now. I'm not stupid. You understand? I'm not stupid. Angus! Angus! Angus! So I take it everybody on the island knows about the killing? What do you think? People are scared, Jim. Fair Isle doesn't do crime, remember? Don't you miss that, Jimmy? Sure, who wouldn't miss that. So what do you prefer about Lerwick then? Honestly? Go on. Well, it's where I met Fran. It's where Cassie was born. It's where her dad lives. And plus it's about the right size for me. You know, if you want people to know your business, then, you can share it with them and if you don't, you don't have to. You have no choice here. Aye. Does he not know how busy you are? Angus! Jimmy's here! Jim? What? Joe Blake... What about him? Any idea why he would come back during term time? How do you mean? When did he come back? Last night. Right. I didn't know that... It doesn't matter. Coffee? Yeah. Here he is, my favourite godson! I'm your only godson! How are you? Good. Good. Thanks. Thanks so much for the iPad, by the way. That was the right... thing then? Bloody brilliant. Bloody expensive. You're only 18 once. Exactly... I remember when I was 18. Do you remember when you were 18, Jimmy? Right, Angus, I've got a problem. Actually, I've got two problems. Three if you include not being able to count. This is problem number one. That's easy. They don't usually work without the camera. No, no, no. Seriously now. Can you get the photographs that were on that? Hi there, my wife Mary thought you might be hungry after losing your breakfast on the way over. Nothing heavy, just food for a tender tummy. That's very kind of her. I'll leave it with... How could someone do that to a beautiful and intelligent woman? I just pray that it wasn't an islander. Does that really matter, Mr Perez? For us, it does. This community survives on mutual trust. This could completely destroy it. Who would have thought it, eh? Our old village hall - an incident room. Well, needs must, I'm afraid. Excuse me... Sorry. Yes, Sandy... 'Tosh.' According to Anna Blake's phone records, two weeks back, she called the airline flying between Fair Isle and Tingwall. He's on a diet. So I requested details of any flights booked in her name and there were two same-day return tickets to Tingwall on the 23rd of last month, a week and a half ago. And the name of the second passenger? Well, it's damaged. Yeah. But as long as the flash memory on the card is intact and the internal circuit board isn't cracked, it should be possible to retrieve the files. Come on, Angus, how long is this going to take? You're back on Fair Isle now, Uncle Jimmy. The land where time doesn't just stand still, it frequently loses its internet connection. Ah, here we go. Uncle Jimmy? What? You haven't told me about problem number two! Aye, I'll speak to you later! He retrieved the data? He did indeed. There you go, stick it in. Do you think it's worth getting him to take a look at Anna's laptop? Unofficially. If I can't crack it, I'm just going to leave it with him, and just let his natural, geek-like curiosity run its course... Oh, Sandy called. Uh-huh. Anna Blake booked two same-day return flights to Lerwick a week and a half ago. Why two? One for herself. The other for Peter Latimer. And why would Anna and Peter Latimer go to the main island just for the day? I can't imagine! Why would a beautiful woman, married to an older man, want to get away from the prying eyes of Fair Isle to spend an afternoon alone with an attractive student? If that was the case, they could just have slipped behind the bike sheds. Why go all the way to the main island? You think? I mean... Frank maintains that the reason they slept separately was because she worked all hours. Yeah, but he would say that, wouldn't he? And I did get the impression that he did love her very much. Yeah, but did she still love him? What is he, in his fifties? No offence, but it would be like me fancying you. Thanks very much! The fact that he loved her like he did means he could have been capable of killing her in a jealous rage. He's got it in him - if we hadn't come in when we did, Latimer could be dead. Before you go too far down that road, just have a look at the contents of Finlay's camera. If she was the last Icterine Warbler on Earth, this number of pictures would be excessive... Uh-huh. He is totally obsessed. The only one he doesn't have is Anna dead. Was she sexually assaulted? Well, we'll need the results from the post mortem, but it didn't look like it, no... Right, let's say it's Finlay. He's been here for the best part of a year. Why last night, what was the trigger? Has a few drinks at the party for Dutch courage. Comes on to Anna in the lab. Get's rebuffed. Humiliated and angry... The fact that he tried to destroy the memory card gives us enough to arrest and question him at least. That's me heading out, Billy. In this weather? I've got a lead on Finlay Caulfield. I'm going to check it out. I'll not be long. Where is she, where's Mum? They took her away. Where? They moved her somewhere safe, then they're going to take her to the Mainland. I want to see her. I don't think that's a good idea. That's not your decision to make. I think it is, I'm your father. Be good if you'd acted like it a bit sooner. Listen, I don't want to argue with you. I'm just trying to protect you. I don't want your last memory of your mother to be... Her corpse. Yes. You can't control the way I feel. Could you tell me where I might find Gina? She's over there. Thank you. Gina? Detective Constable Wilson. Might I have a word? What about? Finlay Caulfield. Maybe we could take a seat, if you have minute? Thank you. I'm sorry for bringing up the past like this. It's all right, what do you want to know? You met Finlay at a singles club, here at the library? That's right. And you went out on a date? Just a drink, really. I wasn't interested in seeing him after that, so I gently knocked it on the head. The male ego does bruise easily. But by that time, he had your e-mail address, is that right? Yep, that was a mistake. And he started pestering you? He wanted to see me again. I just kept saying no till the e-mails stopped. Then, after a month, I started getting e-mails from a different address. Each one wordless, but with a different attachment. Gina, what was in the attachments? Photographs of me going about my life. You know, normal stuff. But it was creepy. I was completely unaware he was watching me like that. Did he ever threaten you physically? No. Never. And now, no more e-mails? No, thankfully. Why do you think they stopped? So... What was her answer? 'She said that after receiving a police caution for harassing her, 'she'd heard he left town' for the job on Fair Isle at the Research Centre. Right. That's great work, Sandy. Have you heard anything yet about where Anna Blake and Peter Latimer checked into for their... ..secret tutorial? Not yet, but it'll take a while for everyone to check their records. 'OK, well, just remember they might've used' false names, so while you're waiting for something to happen, start trawling through the CCTV 'between the times of their flights in and out of Tingwall.' Will do. 'Anything that will' help get a confession out of Latimer before his solicitor arrives is going to be great. Because, you know, there are 70 souls on a very small island, Sandy, and one of them is a murderer. People are getting scared. OK? Bye then. Right, bring me Finlay Caulfield, will you? Finlay? Finlay? Hi, Dad. 'I missed you today.' I missed you too. I am sorry about that. 'It's OK. You can't help it.' I'll make it up to you. You don't have to. 'Cas, did you know...' that Joe was coming back to the island last night? Why would I? 'Well... No, I just thought maybe he might of mentioned it' on Facebook or Twitter or... OK, we both know they are the only two social networking sites you've ever heard of. I know Joe, but we're not really friends. Ask your father when they want their tea? Nan wants to know what time you want to... What in God's name...? Tosh?! What was that? I don't know. We can go and have a look in the Land Rover. We don't have a key. And I can't find anyone. We're on Fair Isle... Keys'll be in the ignition. It sounded like it came from Donnybrook. I didn't grow up here, remember? Be less specific! That way. Tosh, be careful. What's happened? Dad, stay where you are. What is it? What's happened? Who is it? It's Peter Latimer. He's not breathing. Oh, dear God! Are you any closer to finding out who actually killed her? I mean, it's an island, how difficult can it be? For the sake of this wee lump of rock, Jimmy, catch this person. I never would have hurt Anna and I never hurt Gina. Scared Gina though. What's going on? Why did you question Donnie? Talk to me about Joe Blake. Now. I need to speak to you. OK. I know who killed my mother. Subtitles by MemoryOnSmells http://UKsubtitles.ru. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 