Shetland: Season 2, Episode 4 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Shetland 
 s2e4 - Dead Water: Part 2 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Shetland (2013–…): Season 2, Episode 4 - Dead Water: Part 2 - full transcript 
 After a second body is found brutally murdered, DI Perez wonders if the two killings are connected to corporate greed and corruption on the island or to just one woman - Evie Watt. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Jerry was in an accident. He's been killed. He was hit by someone with a metal bumper You were close once, weren't you? It was a long time ago. If we acquire Mr Dalhousie's land, we can run the pipeline along the bottom of the loch. They're trying to destroy me! Save The Sound are helping him financially. And they are? Evie Watt and her dad. Smile. It's our wedding day. You're making a fool of yourself! "Blood toucheth blood." John? 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Subtitles by MemoryOnSmells http://UKsubtitles.ru. Hi. Sandy, can you take a Uniform and check the road to Skellwick? Thanks. Ready? Follow me. What have you got? Blood. Lots of blood. What is this? It appears to be some kind of shrine to his late wife. I'll need a DNA profile soon as. I need to know whether he's been attacked, or if he's the attacker. Sure. Welcome back. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Get everyone we have on this. We really need to find him. And bag this. Is this the same as the postcard we found in Jerry's car? Yep, and that's Jerry handwriting and Jerry's phone number. "Blood toucheth blood"? My guess is he was trying to send John Henderson some kind of message. Henderson's still not answering his mobile. Only one toothbrush, which suggests Evie wasn't staying here before the wedding. And I guess the well-thumbed Bible explains that. From the blood patterns, I'd say the attack started in the bedroom, then the victim staggered, or was carried downstairs. Right. There's something else - flecks of paint on the carpet appear to be similar to the paint we found in Markham's car. Sandy? You got something? 'John Henderson, I've found him.' I'm just beyond the straw bride and groom on the coast road to Skellwick. And? I can't find a pulse. He must have started walking towards Skellwick and collapsed. I can't believe he managed to get this far. That's as bad a head wound as I've seen. There's stab wounds too. But it's the blow to the head that killed him. He may even have fallen into a coma before he died. Whoever attacked him left him for dead, not realising he was still alive? Well, that might be jumping the gun. But then I'm not as cynical as you lot must be. Have you got any idea what he was hit with? A blunt object. Then stabbed with a knife. Forensics should take a look. Call Billy and tell him to inform the fiscal as soon as possible. Then, erm... ..walk from here back to the Henderson house and see if you can find those murder weapons. Someone should tell Evie. Before the news gets out. Aye. I need to see to Evie. She's just about to leave. Just waiting for John. John's not coming. I need to see her now. John, I'm still here, waiting. Can you give me a call when you get this message? What is it? What's wrong? Evie, could we go and sit down for a minute? No. What is it? It's bad news, Evie. OK. Just tell me, then. John's been found by the side of the road. He's dead. What happened? He's been killed. He what? You what...? No, don't touch me! Don't touch me! Leave me! What...? Do you have any idea why somebody would want to attack John? No. What was bothering him at the wedding? We have some savings that we can't agree how to spend. That's all. Have you any idea why John would lie about Jerry Markham being in contact with him? He didn't. John had a postcard with Jerry's phone number written on the back of it, in Jerry's handwriting. Why are you asking me these questions right now? Had you and Jerry Markham started seeing each other again? Is that why John was upset? No. There's a room at the top of John's house that's like a shrine to his late wife. Didn't that bother you? You can't pretend that people didn't exist just because they're gone. It... It's his way of coping. And no, it doesn't bother me cos it's private and I don't go in that room. I was going to deal with it when I moved in. Just... gently. I thought that... ..that might make you have second thoughts? No... I wanted to be with John. I wanted it so much! No more. No more questions. Someone wanted it to look like a break-in. I can't tell if there are any valuables missing. Or if he had any. "By scripture alone", remember? It was pretty basic, wasn't it? Even the Spartans might have thought, "A wee doily here and there." Right, you two go and get some kip. We'll start again in the morning. OK. Night. And they're definitely linked? We discovered traces of paint at both scenes. If it's the same paint, they're linked. We'll know later today. And both the victims were in contact with each other. Both had an interest in Save The Sound. One death made to look like an accident and one made to look like a robbery. I'd say that we proceed on the assumption that they were both killed by the same person. "Blood toucheth blood"? It's according to the King James Bible - by lying, killing and committing adultery, bloodshed follows bloodshed. Seems as though Jerry was trying to appeal to Henderson's faith, to get him to talk, or to admit to something. Murder weapon? Possibly two. I haven't been able to identify them yet. Lying, killing, adultery? So how many boxes are we ticking? I'll phone Aberdeen and get the OK for you to stay on for a few days. You can use Lerwick Hospital's morgue to do the postmortem. Fine by me. Fine with you? Sure. The head wound is the result of a blow with a blunt object. It's the stab wounds that are the puzzle. Bigger and broader than a normal knife, and with ragged sides. I've never seen anything like it. Hey, Tosh. Check Crime-link. Maybe one of the other forces have seen something similar. I'll keep working on it. OK. No pressure, but... we don't really have a case without the murder weapons. I got the results on the water sample from the fish farm. It's clean. As a whistle. Oxygen levels low, but no sign of any chemicals or pesticides. So if Storne Gas aren't trying to pressure him off the land, who vandalised the farm? Well... It could be locals. There's enough people that want Joe to sell up. I thought it was odd, so I called the insurance company to see if they had any information. Turns out they're unhappy about paying out on the damage. Joe Dalhousie made similar claims a few years ago, and they feel the whole thing is a scam. OK. We have to talk to him again. All these insurance claims, Joe, they must be pushing your premiums up something rotten? Insurance companies! Like trying to get blood frae a stone. Thing is, they don't feel you've been completely honest yourself. They would. You claim - they put up your premium. They never lose. Daylight bloody robbery. These attacks are real. I have to ask you this. Where were you the night John Henderson was killed? I was walking. At night? I sometimes need to get out of the house. I walk and I talk. Mumbles, my brother used to call it. All I remember is sitting down by the loch, looking at the water. Didn't go anywhere near the Henderson house? Why would I? I don't know. Maybe John found out about all these false claims. Maybe he was annoyed, thought you were leading Evie up the garden path? You seem to have forgotten - I'm the victim here. Nobody's poisoning that water, Joe. It's that clean you could drink it. I can't explain the vandalism yet, but whatever is killing your fish, it's not Storne Gas. What do you think? He mentioned a brother. See if you can track him down. See if he knows anything about these insurance claims from way back when. And get the car cleaned after you drop them off. Will do. Can I help you, miss? I'd like to speak to Jimmy Perez, please. And you are? I'm Jerry Markham's fiancee. There's a woman outside to see you. Says she's Jerry Markham's fiancee. Seems genuine enough. That puts paid to our theory that Jerry and Evie were seeing each other again. A looker as well. Lucky man. He talked about you and your wife a lot. He was very fond of you. Yeah, we were very fond of him. Listen, the last time that you last spoke to him, did he talk to you about what he was working on? No. He didn't come here for work. He told me there was something he needed to sort out before we could get married. Unfinished business, he called it. I suspected an old relationship. He had regrets, he wanted to make amends. He did send me this, though. I assumed it was research. He'd often use a memory stick to back it all up. He didn't like doing it online, thought the Government might be spying on him. That's why he encrypted his calls? Yes. He made me get that app. I felt like I was in MI6. He could be paranoid sometimes. Having said that, the day that I called, the day of the accident, he was up at the Fairhead terminal. You see, um... I had some good news. I'm pregnant. Annabel, I'm so sorry. I'd, erm... I'd like to stay, see his parents. Maybe I could help with the funeral arrangements. Do you think that they would mind? He hadn't told them about you, do you realise that? Yes, I know. We were supposed to come up here next week to meet them. Now I can tell them that they're going to be grandparents. Open that. There. "SG" - Storne Gas. "Slush fund"? Looks like Storne Gas had been spreading their money about. Greasing palms to get planning permission? I can think of a lot of people who would want this story to disappear. Half the island, probably. Open "photographs". What was Jerry doing with these files? Look at those two at the bottom. Can you enlarge that? Yep. It's... John Henderson with someone. And it's not Evie. Can you explain that? When did you start seeing John Henderson? Look, Jenny... What you do in your private life is your business. But I need to know if this relationship has anything to do with his death. It started after his wife died. He needed someone to talk to. Then the guilt set in, so it ended. And then he met Evie. I knew it wasn't right, for either of them, but she was desperate to get away from her father. She couldn't breathe in that house. I think John felt sorry for her. How do you know that? We still talked. That was all. John didn't even want that. He was nervous. He said that Markham knew about us and that he was willing to use the fact. He wanted something from John. Which was what? He didn't say. But I knew he was worried about it. Does my husband have to know about this? No. Forget about Andy for the moment, Jenny. Did Evie know? Nobody knew, nobody. Apart from Markham. Let's just stick to the one-killer theory, just for the moment. Who had a reason to kill both those men? Evie Watt. Markham had abandoned her when she was pregnant, and now he was causing trouble between her and her new man, and to top it all off, Jerry's fiancee is pregnant. Now, if she knew that, would that be enough to tip her over the edge? But why would she attack her brand-new husband? Maybe the affair never ended, so she lost her temper, lost control... If Evie was that interested in Jerry, she wouldn't care what John was up to. What about Iain Redford? If he did have a slush fund, Markham's story could put his job on the line? Maybe John Henderson found out? No, you're right, we can't discount any of them. Whatever it is, Evie Watt is at the centre of it. I want to know every single thing about her. I want her bank statements. I want her mobile phone records, e-mails... Listen, if you can get me a hold of her old school report card, I will read that. Didn't mean to butt in like that. The paint used for the graffiti at Dalhousie's farm. We should take a closer look at it. It's similar to the flecks we found in Markham's car and Henderson's bedroom. There could be a link. That's a good idea. Your dad and I have been talking about the Edinburgh trip and he's not keen for you to go. You're not serious? Next year, OK? Come on! It's the Edinburgh Festival. We'll be sitting in some church hall watching a student production of Antigone. Hardly a Bacchanalian orgy. What's she talking about? Well, I'm glad you think this is funny. Next year, I won't ask your permission. I'll just leave. And I might not even come back! Did you have to say, "HE doesn't want you to go"? Do I need to be the bad cop all the time? OK. Next time, I'll take point. It's just... I know that you want to spoil her, but it really doesn't help me much. It's not that. I just don't agree with you all the time. Well, she lives here. I am responsible for her and I have to make the right calls. And you have to support me. I want a divorce. Right, I need to deal with his. And you need to deal with that. Just go and speak to the girl, will you? We don't even know who she is. She could be lying. I couldn't stand it. Maria, don't make the same mistake twice. This girl is carrying our grandchild. The paint on Henderson's carpet and Markham's mat are both semi-gloss acrylic. Marine paint. For below the waterline. Common on Shetland, I suppose. Used it myself. Navy blue? Yeah. Same colour as Cameron Watt's Yoal? Which Evie painted, right? So she could have been in Jerry's car on the day he died. So could a number of people, her dad included. As you said, it's widely used on Shetland. It also matches the graffiti at Dalhousie's farm. So whoever attacked Henderson and Markham may have vandalised Dalhousie's place. You had any luck with the murder weapons yet? Nothing that fits. I'll keep looking. You're wasted here. You do know that, don't you? I'm where I want to be. Don't you need some excitement? Other than the work, I mean. Yes. Yeah, of course I do. I'd be lying if I said I didn't. But it's not easy, you know? I'm not a free agent. I've got a teenage daughter. My son's about the same age. They'll both be gone soon. You should think about your future. YOUR future. So, you alone? Is that what your wife would have wanted? No. But I never listened to her when she was alive, so why would I start now? Deflecting the conversation with humour. Very sly. You'll not get away that easily, Perez. You don't want to end up like John Henderson, do you? Unable to move on with your life. No. I just... ..can't... yet. Markham's old articles. He wrote about a spillage at Fairhead and accused Andy Belshaw of trying to cover it up. Right. Bring Belshaw in. Now? No, Easter! I've got a chocolate egg for him! And if you're not too busy revising, I need a search warrant for Evie Watt's house. Today. So, the article that Jerry wrote about the Fairhead oil spill - did that just slip your mind? Minor spillage. We didn't even get the boom out. Markham blew it all out of proportion. But you should still have told us. Water under the bridge. What about John Henderson? How well did you know him? Not as well as my wife, it would appear. What did you do after the wedding? Did you go on anywhere? No, just walked home. Anybody with you? No. Jenny stayed behind to help clear up. And where were you the night Jerry Markham was killed? I was over in Yell, drinking with a friend. You must be aware that you now have a motive for killing both these men. So if you want to change my mind about that, then why don't you tell me something that'll help me? I don't blame John Henderson for what happened. He was a good man. I blame myself. Now, this may sound conceited, but I just didn't think that Jenny would be interested in anybody else. Is that the warrant? Yes. And the results on Dalhousie's fish. Acute furunculosis. Tail rot. So, have you news for us? No. But I do have a search warrant. Is this really necessary? Aye. We'll be as quick as we can. Sandy... I think Evie has answered enough questions. Circumstances have changed since we last spoke. Evie, did you paint the Yoal outside? Yeah. What has that got to do with anything? Whose is the boiler suit? I wear it when I'm working with Dad. OK, now, if I said to you that the paint you used was found in Jerry Markham's car, what would you say? I don't understand. Well, you said you didn't speak to Jerry Markham but you were in his car, weren't you? Jerry's fiancee said that he had unfinished business up here. Was he trying to make amends? Is that why he was looking into Storne Gas in the first place? Was it for you? No. No, I never spoke to him. Thinking of buying a place in Edinburgh? Evie would never leave. She's carrying on the old traditions. Isn't that right, Evie? Jenny and John... You knew they'd had an affair, right? What? What are you talking about? When? Evie, unless you tell me everything you know, and I find out down the line you've lied to me, I'll charge you with obstructing the course of justice, at the very least. I told you. I never got in his car. I can't say I blame her for wanting a change of scenery. So would I if my husband had a shrine to his dead wife in the attic, never mind sleeping with my best friend. "By scripture alone"? I don't think so. And the father's clinging to her like a limpet. Have the fund paperwork looked at by a forensic accountant. And tell them it's urgent. Joe... your fish have got... Tail rot. I know. Why can't they leave me alone, leave me in peace? They think you're holding up progress. So, what do you think? I think it's your land... ..your decision. Is that your brother? William. Yeah. Do you see him much? No. But I still miss him. There's not a day I don't think of him. He wanted to see the world. Wanderlust, they call it. After Father passed, it was only him and me. It was lonely at first. But you get used to it... the silence. Finally, you come to love it. By the loch, I can hear the water ripple at the wind... ..the clouds moving in the sky. I hear the world as it's meant to be. Folks say, "Take the money, put thy feet up." I know every inch of this land, every bird, every animal. They're my family now. What if you can't make the business work? This place... I'll get it back upon its feet... ..and I'll no' need Evie's money for ever. What's that you're looking at? It's the fund accounts. The bank statements show substantial sums were withdrawn in the lead up to the wedding. Then, on the night of the wedding, Henderson used online banking to deposit the same amounts back in. So, they took money out and then they put it back in again? Well, SHE took the money out and HE put it back in. Could that be what they were arguing about? No. She's taken money out from the fund to pay for the house in Edinburgh. Pick her up. Your hooded man from the night of the break-in, he makes a quick call then disappears again. I traced the call. Unregistered mobile. But I've got the number. Good work. You keep on it. How's it going, anyway? Those on-line examination guides, are they any good? Yeah. Good. Good. It's tomorrow, isn't it? Tomorrow. Look, I mean, I know why you want to move on, Sandy. It's just that you know every inch of these islands, people trust you, so if you have to leave, it's going to make my job twice as difficult... ..which is why I'm going to make a case to have a DC based at this station. Really? Hmm. I can't promise you it's going to work, but I'll try. Evie Watt's here. The money from the fund, where did it come from again? I said. Donations. Environmental grants. And you were using that money to pay Joe Dalhousie's mortgage, his running costs and generally keep the fish farm afloat? Just helping him through some bad times. What else did you use the money for? I pay myself some expenses, travel... Not much. We print leaflets, organise meetings. We? I thought this was pretty much a one-woman show, isn't it? No. John helps. Helped. But people trust you, don't they, with the money? Yeah. There's a lot of support for a wave farm... or a wildlife sanctuary, anything but the pipeline. This would be so much easier if you'd just tell me the truth. And what is that? That you were desperate to get away from your dad and the memory of John's late wife. So, you found yourself a house in Edinburgh. They don't come cheap. You took money from the fund to pay for a deposit and hoped John would agree to move. Then Jerry Markham comes home, looking into this so-called campaign against Joe Dalhousie... ..but you can't have him looking too closely at your fund, can you? Jerry Markham ruined your life once and now he was threatening to do it again, so that made you extremely angry, angry enough to run him off the road... ..and John would want to do the right thing, regardless of the consequences, wouldn't he? Now, was he threatening to tell us about the embezzling? Is that why you attacked him? You were rejected by the man you loved once. That's hard to take. Twice... ..I would think that was unbearable. You're right. I took the money. But I didn't kill anyone. Why should we believe that? Because I've got nothing left to lose. Everyone I ever loved has gone. You believe her?! She had motive and opportunity. Cameron Watt's kicking off about Evie getting a lawyer. And Jenny Belshaw just called. You need to speak to her. Is it Jerry Markham's? Did you touch it? No. Do you know how it got here? If you had to guess. My husband. Tosh, dust it, take it down the station and see if you can access anything. How did you come by the laptop, Andy? Oh... I know what you're thinking. I ran him off the road and stole the laptop? I'm happy to stand corrected. He left it at the Fairhead terminal. He got a call, seemed to be good news. He was distracted. Yeah, it was his fiancee telling him she was pregnant. I was going to hand it in. But I decided to take a look first. He'd left it logged on. I thought I'd see what the bastard was writing about this time. That's when I found out about John Henderson and my wife. So, you decided to destroy it? I was going to chuck it in the sea first chance I got. If I'd handed it over, their affair would have been all over the islands. I couldn't bear the humiliation. I told you. I was in Yell the night Jerry died. You know, Jerry Markham never cared for the islands. He didn't remember what it was like before the oil. If he had, he wouldn't have been siding with Joe Dalhousie. The land belongs to Joe. He's perfectly entitled to stay. Only because he drove his brother away. William inherited that farm, not Joe. Have you got any idea who caused the damage out at the Dalhousie place? It did cross my mind that maybe you'd decided to take matters into your own hands and give Joe a wee nudge. And then I realised you wouldn't be that stupid. It would cost you your job. Only if you could prove it. You're all right. I'll stick with destroying evidence in a murder enquiry. That should keep us busy. Doubt this is a coincidence. I found it in the phone box. This is number the guy in the hoodie called. Got that list of vehicles with chrome bumpers. Sorry it took a while. It's long. Cameron, Dalhousie and Belshaw, they're all on it. What about Belshaw's drinking buddy on Yell? Belshaw's alibi for Markham is watertight. Any joy finding Dalhousie's brother yet? I can't find a William Dalhousie that age anywhere. No criminal record, no health record, death certificate. Not on any electoral register. People don't just disappear, not these days anyway. Also, the memory on the laptop's damaged, but I managed to access a few e-mails. The files from Storne, they came from an address registered to Iain Redford. Save the sound! Care to explain these? Files found on Jerry Markham's laptop, traced back to your e-mail address. I've no idea what you're talking about. Proof that this company indulged in dubious, potentially criminal business practices. Would you keep your voice down? While we're at it, do you want to explain the break-in at my house the other night? What break-in? Someone was calling you from the town centre that night. Do you want to tell me who that was? Every thief in Lerwick knows where I live and none of them would be stupid enough to rob me, unless somebody made it seriously worth their while. You put my daughter in danger. I want to know why, and what exactly was it that you were looking for? Proof I leaked the Storne files. Why would you turn whistle-blower against your own company now? Evie. She wouldn't speak to Jerry, but I knew he could help her campaign to save the sound. I made a choice. Evie or Storne Gas. No competition. She didn't know? No. I couldn't tell her. I love and respect her. She didn't sell out, like me. Well, I hate to disappoint you, Iain. Evie wasn't planning to save the world. She was going to buy a house in Edinburgh. You know, there is one other person who's got a motive to kill both those men, and he's on our list as having a chrome bumper. Evie... Did your dad know that Jerry Markham had found out that you stole money from the fund? Because the thought of you going to prison would have terrified him. You were his whole world, he would have done anything to keep you here, wouldn't he? Evie? Was your dad at home the night you came back from the hen party? Dammit, Evie, I'm talking to you! He wouldn't... He wouldn't kill anyone. Look, one of you was in Jerry Markham's car. I'd had a lot to drink. I went to sleep. I assumed he was asleep. I don't know... I don't know... Sandy, we need to pick up Cameron Watt. Tosh, get Uniform and see if he is at Danny McIvor's office. You check the front door. I'll check the boathouse. Police! Is there anyone in the property? No. There's no sign of him. No, same here. 'What now?' Give Tosh a phone, see if she's picked him up. 'Will do.' Have you brought Evie home? No, I haven't. Get off my property. No. I can't do that. Not until I know where you were when Jerry Markham's car got run off the road. Right here - with Evie. Aye, you see, she's not so sure about that. She was stealing money from the fund. My daughter would never take what wasn't hers. Yes, she would. And do you know why she did it? To get away from you. She was so desperate to get away from you that she risked her marriage, her job, everything. I've never raised my hand to her. You didn't have to, did you? What you did was much worse. You tried to control every single thought she had. Now, if you love her, now is your chance to show it. She's in trouble, and the only thing that's going to help her now is the truth. I can't confess to something I didn't do. Why are there paint marks from your Ness Yoal in Jerry Markham's car? It was either you or Evie. I went to see him that morning. I wanted him to leave Evie alone. He wouldn't stop calling. It was causing problems between her and John. I was frightened he was going to take her away from me. I tried to persuade him to go away, but he said he'd discovered something too important to ignore. And what was that? He didn't tell me. But he wanted Evie to stop paying Dalhousie's mortgage. To STOP paying it? John wouldn't listen to him either. Why would he? I was glad when he had his accident, I won't lie, but I had nothing to do with it. Seems the more I tried to keep her close, the further away she got. I've been a stupid man. Billy? Hmm? Come here and look at this. And? It's the truck. It's clean. Everything else in Dalhousie's place is filthy and falling apart. Where's those photographs Jerry took? You see? That's the one Jerry took. It's dirty. Oh, aye. Which means he must have cleaned it after Jerry's accident. The murder weapon, it could be a fishing gaff. Check it out. Used to take fish out the water. We assumed whoever did the graffiti brought their own paint, but what if the "get out" was an afterthought and they used paint just lying around? That would link Dalhousie with both murders. Not two weapons, one. But why? Why would he do it? Because Jerry Markham discovered something... ..that Joe Dalhousie didn't want anybody else to know about. And then, for... for whatever reason, Jerry told John Henderson. "Blood toucheth blood." 'Blood, as in family. 'As in brother.' Jerry Markham opened up a whole can of worms when he came to talk to you, didn't he? No, thanks. He was trying to trace your brother. He came to the same conclusion as I did. He wasn't going to find him. That's why you didn't want to sell the land. Couldn't sell the land. Because William is still here somewhere, isn't he? Evie wouldn't talk to Jerry. So, he had to try and convince Henderson to help him. He even resorted to blackmail. Then, when that didn't work, told him the truth about William's disappearance. Trouble was, Henderson didn't believe Jerry. Not till after the accident. Then, he confronted you at the wedding, didn't he? And then you followed him home. You assaulted him... with this. You're a clever man, Perez. The only thing that I can't work out is what happened between you and your brother? William was the eldest. When Father died, it all came to him. I thought we would work the place together, but no, he wanted to sell up. He had no love for the land. He would have left me with nothing. I just... I just lost my head. I weighted him down and laid him to rest. You mean he's in the loch? Markham or Henderson were to dredge the loch... I could never let that happen. It was such a long time ago. It's like it... It's like it never really happened. One thing you should understand. I loved my brother. I always will. I just loved this land more. How could you have done this to me? After everything that I did for you? Come on, Evie. If you're ever in Aberdeen... ..give us call. Bye. Just remember, conditions apply. There's no booze, no boys. Is one out of two OK? Only joking. Bye, love. See you soon. Have fun. Bye. Safe journey. I'm worried already. So am I. I suppose we all have to learn when to let go, eh? You know what, Duncan? This could be the beginning of a beautiful friendship. Subtitles by MemoryOnSmells http://UKsubtitles.ru. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 