Shetland: Season 3, Episode 3 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Shetland 
 s3e3 - Episode #3.3 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Shetland (2013–…): Season 3, Episode 3 - Episode #3.3 - full transcript 
 After Maguire's murder Rhona tells Jimmy that he was really called Michael Thompson, a man on witness protection on the island. As a result Rhona, Jimmy and 'Tosh' travel to Glasgow, where they learn that Michael was to testify against gangster Arthur McCall, who is not forthcoming in interview in prison. Jimmy also has to fight off one of McCall's heavies whilst learning that Michael and Leanne - still in a coma - were shot by the same gun. He does meet Glaswegian policewoman Asha Israni, who tells him that Michael was hoping to link up with a man called Brian McDade, whilst back on Shetland another important link is established between Michael and Robbie, hastening Jimmy's return to the island. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 - You've found Robbie, haven't you? - I'm sorry, Leanne. - It's that guy with the rings. Have you arrested him? - I take it this is coincidence? - You see your alibi coming? - You're saying you were in - Mr Maguire's company... - Was there all night. - I have to go away, will you come with me? - Where? - Glasgow. Next time you'll hear me coming, won't you? I need you to have a closer look at Robbie Morton's body. - What's that? - A tattoo. - You've got a connection to Glasgow. - It's just a tattoo. - No, it's not. The whole family knows that he's in trouble. - Tell me whatever it is you know. - I don't know anything. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Why did you trash Freya's workshop? Huh?! He's haunted by something... or hunted. GUNSHOT Michael Maguire's here on witness protection. MACHINES BEEP INDISTINCT CHATTER Any word from Sandy? We've pulled in officers from everywhere we could get them. Nothing's left the island since she was shot. - Have you heard from the hospital? - It's touch-and-go. So... Michael Maguire drives up here, shoots Leanne, and leaves his car. Why? Why would you? PHONE BUZZES It's Billy. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 - Billy. - Boss. A body's been pulled from the water over at Scraada. I got them to send me a photo. It's Maguire. Looks like he's been shot. Shoots Leanne... then kills himself? No. Call the ferry port and the airport and tell them that we're no longer looking for Michael Maguire. The suspect has not been ID'd, we have no description... Oh, who did she leave with Freya? Denny and Jo from the station in Brae. Right, get on to them and tell Sandy to meet us in Scraada. Ms Galdie! Two shots. That's one in the head and one in the heart. That's a professional hit. Right, we can forget about the airport and the ferry terminal, because this guy isn't going to be using public transport. - Private craft? That's over a thousand miles of coastline. - I know. Coastguard's satellite tracking system records most of the shipping movements within a 100-mile radius of Lerwick. All right, get over there and see if anything lights up, because... if we're lucky - I mean if were really lucky - then he hasn't left Shetland. Billy? Get ahold of the ARU. We're going to need somebody over at the hospital, this was a professional job. If Leanne's a witness then she could be in danger. - Sorry. She was away before we could stop her. - Freya. Is it him? Is it Michael? Is there someone, a friend or a relative, that I can call? No. I'm fine. Thank you. PHONE RINGS I'm so sorry, I'm going to have to take this. - Sandy. - 'Coastguard have ID'd what looks like a cabin cruiser. 'Left Skolland at 11.47 last night' on a Northerly bearing. Plenty of time to shoot Maguire and get there from Scraada. - OK, and do they know where that boat is now? - Out of range. Right, meet me in Skolland. OK, I'm going to have to go now but I'm going to come back as quickly as I can. OK? Shootings on Shetland, eh? Terrible. That's the Age of Aquarius for you. Just so I'm clear, Eric, you didn't notice what time the cabin cruiser docked but you did notice it leaving the harbour - just before midnight last night? - Aye. There was a bit of row - shouting, you know. - So I looked out the window. - Hear what the shouting was about? An argument of some sort. But they got going after that. - Looked like they were in a hurry. - Who's they? - The crew. PHONE BUZZES - Can you describe any of the men you saw? - Billy. No' really. It was dark. - They just loaded the bags and went. - What kind of bags? Couple of holdalls. One chap had a big one. - Kind of long like fishing rods or... - Sir! A word. The harbour master says their paperwork doesn't check out. And Norwegian police just got on to the coastguard - apparently the cabin cruiser was stolen from Harstad a week ago. Contact the Norwegian, Swedish, Faroese authorities. Maybe they'll make landfall. We lost him, didn't we? Michael Maguire. Real name Michael Thompson. On witness protection in Shetland for the last ten months. Who was he testifying against? Who benefits from his death? I'm due in Glasgow to see the senior area fiscal, Phyllis Brenan, on a... unrelated matter. I will find out. In the meantime, any other lines of inquiry worth pursuing? HE SIGHS Michael Thompson and Robbie Morton both had the same tattoo. They were both on the same ferry crossing last Friday night, where they got into some kind of dispute. - They're connected. - Same killer? - Mm-mm. - What about the girl... er, Leanne? - She's in a medically induced coma. They're keeping us posted. But this isn't just about us being kept in the dark historically, Rhona. We've got two murders and one near-fatal shooting and the chief suspect in which has got to be whoever Michael Thompson was going to testify against. Now, we can't be running into a wall of silence thrown up by some fiscal's office in Arbroath. - If they don't start co-operating with us... - I will do my best. I hope this doesn't make things too difficult for you. Personally. Ask me after I've talked to her. (I so need a fag right now.) Sir? Something to do with his family? Michael Thompson opens this every morning and he sees this. Was Michael his real name? Yeah. Michael Thompson, though, not Michael Maguire. - Was he married? - I don't know. What about children? Did he have children? Did he kill that boy, Robbie? Do you think he...? We don't know who killed Robbie. We don't know who killed Michael. Or why. But we're doing our best to find out. Did anybody ever come to the house? Was there anybody... hanging around? Anything unusual? Unusual? He never talked about his past, he was always going off on business trips - sometimes at a couple of hours' notice. His flat looked like no-one lived there. And someone trashed my workshop and he knew who it was. - Apart from that... no... - No. - ..nothing. Does this mean anything to you? Is that his family? I don't know. I know... I know you need answers. I will do my best. Do you reject sin so as to live in the freedom of God's children? - BOTH: - I do. Do you reject the glamour of evil and refuse to be mastered by sin? - BOTH: - I do. Do you believe in God, the Father Almighty, - creator of heaven and Earth? - I do. Do you believe in Jesus Christ, his only son our Lord, who was born of the Virgin Mary, was crucified, died and was buried, rose from the dead and is now seated at the right hand of the Father? I do. Christ, what a cock-up. - Not our cock-up. - I never said it was. We were obstructed and kept in the dark by one of the offices under your jurisdiction. Now, someone needs to make sure that my DI - gets the co-operation that he needs. - Yeah... someone has already been asked to step in and oversee the situation. Mum. You're hogging the wee lassie. Oh, darling, I'm so sorry. - Watch her head! There we are. - Have you been good for Granny? Oh, good girl. - Ben, darling, you remember Rhona? - How could I forget? - Really glad you could come, Rhona. - Oh, thank you. It's my privilege. - The, er, outlaws want a shot of her. - That was so nice, - Bernadette being her middle name I didn't know. - Wanted to surprise you. - Thanks, Mum. - Thank you. Bernadette. After your mum. So, I'm going to call a meeting of all relevant parties. How soon do you think your DI Perez can get over here? Given our relationship, do you think that someone may have a concern about your... impartiality? - Would you? - No! So what's bothering you, then? I suppose I don't like the idea of someone bad-mouthing you. Oh, darling, really, you're going to have to toughen up. Looks like it's going to be a rather bumpy ride. Come on, let's go and find the Champagne. PILOT: 'Ladies and gentlemen, as we start our descent into Glasgow, 'please make sure your seat backs and tray tables 'are in their full upright position. 'Make sure your seatbelt is securely fastened and all carry-on luggage 'is stowed underneath the seat in front of you 'or in the overhead bins.' Assistant Chief Constable Henry Grimes, head of the Organised Crime Group Task Force, and Chief Super Mike Gillan, head of the Witness Protection Programme, and DS Asha Israni. "Iss-rani"? - "Ish-rani." - Israni. Michael Thompson's dedicated handler. So... This is not an enquiry into the mistakes that have been made. It is a salvage operation to see how best to move forward. DI Perez, you are investigating the murders of Michael Thompson, - Robbie Morton and... the shooting of... - Leanne Randall. ...Leanne Randall. Exactly. All of which you believe to be connected. - Is that right? - Yes. - What do you need? Assurances from all the agencies present that they'll co-operate fully with our enquiries, starting off by confirming who Michael Thompson was testifying against. Is there any reason why DI Perez shouldn't get what he's asking for? Well, there is an issue of security. A concern that the confidentiality protocols in Shetland are... well, perhaps not quite as rigorous as one might wish. Thanks to your obfuscations we didn't even know who Thompson was! - So if you're suggesting... - His whereabouts were leaked and not by us. - Don't you dare try and pin this on us. Witness Protection. The clue's in the name. (Bloody arse.) Ms Kelly, insults at this juncture are unhelpful. Mr Gillan, if you continue to waste my time by trying to use this as a face-saving forum, then you'll be landed with the lunch bill afterwards, and I was thinking Romano's and I won't hold back. It's in no-one's interests for this to become public knowledge. For that reason alone, DI Perez will have your full co-operation in his investigation, beginning with an answer to the question that he asked earlier. Arthur McCall. That's who Michael Thompson was testifying against. Yeah, he used to run the heroin trade in the west of Scotland. Never came across him myself but, you know, heard the name. - So he's our chief suspect? - Yeah, looks like it. - I can't believe that. - What? The Snake Pit's a scented candle shop! So you used to drink in the Snake Pit? I used to go in there. On raids. I was young. I didn't know any better. Had a few mad nights in there. So Shetland's like rehab for you, then? Sodom and Gomorrah's rehab compared to the Snake Pit. - Sometimes I miss Glasgow. Don't you? - Uh-huh. Sometimes. - Thomas Monro. - James! How in the name of the wee man are you? That's a very nice suit. - Does that mean you've finally found yourself a girlfriend? - You kiddin'? Only sex I get these days is pickpockets and airport security. This is the new era, Jimmy - Scottish National Police. - Sorry. DS Mclntosh, isn't it? - Yes. That's him just showing off that he used to work in intelligence. Come on, I've got you some desk space. We won't be disturbed in here - techies havenae finished yet. Michael Thompson. Close associate of Arthur McCall. He still running heroin? McCall has diversified into many other activities, some of which are actually legal. He's got money in wind farms, public-sector building contracts, private health-care facilities. It's horrible, Jimmy. I thought we had Arthur when we got Michael Thompson. He was close to him, you know? Inner circle. How did you land Michael? A lot of people round here trying to take credit for that. If you ask me, he wanted to be turned. - Made it very easy for us. - Why? Sometimes a man's just had a bellyful. Anyway, we got Michael on money-laundering charges via his private-security company. - Had enough to put him away for 20 years. - So you offered him a deal? He'd witnessed Arthur's recreational murder of one Kevin Willkie - a wee rat himself. He'd had his hand in the till so Arthur took it off with a machete. Michael told us where to find the body. Even gave us eyewitness testimony that it was Arthur that killed him. - So we put him on witness protection in Shetland. - I'm going to need to speak to Arthur McCall. With Michael's death, the case against Arthur collapsed. As of today McCall is a free man. His lawyer's already threatening a suit for wrongful arrest, so you can't even put him under surveillance. - He'll just tell you to piss off. - I'm also going to need a list of everybody that knew Michael Thompson was stashed on Shetland, because we've got a second murder there - a young boy called Robbie Morton - and it's connected to the murder of your star witness. Now, if there's a leak... Who said anything about a leak? Oh, come on, Tommy, what did you bring us all the way up here for? You think there's a leak, don't you? Well, if there isn't I'd like to know how McCall found your man out in Shetland. MACHINE BEEPS RHYTHMICALLY Billy. - Anything from the search teams? - No. - What about the door-to-door? - Ditto, I'm afraid. It's a huge area you've asked them to cover. Get back onto the co-ordinator. If they need more manpower, I'll see what I can do. PHONE BUZZES Your phone's ringing. Hello? Erm, yeah. Sorry. His mum's away on a work trip. - Have you been in the wars, Logan? - Not for the first time. I'm really sorry about this. Listen, Sandy, I've dealt with worse. But it's best to nip these things in the bud. Best if you take him home for the rest of the day. We won't call it an exclusion. Just a time-out. It's no excuse for him starting fights but... there's been a lot happening at home recently, - a lot for him to deal with. - Look... Logan's been telling people that you put his dad in prison. Your dad's a fine man, Logan. If you think it's my fault he's in prison... I mean... I can see that's what it might feel like, that I took him away. But that's not how it was. It was Craig. Craig? Cousin Craig. He said you put my dad in jail. Well... maybe he was joking. Not a very funny joke, eh? Logan... listen to me. Whatever Craig told you, it's not true. I thought if you put him in prison you could bring him back. Perez, isn't it? Mr McCall. I wonder what it is that attracts the plain-clothes to this place. The plods prefer that Paki joint down the road. Maybe it's the institutional racism of the intelligence service. I know why you're here. It's a shame about Michael. Are you going to tell me when the funeral is? I've been on remand for six months. This is damaging my business, so I'm here to tell you, you'd best bugger off back to Shetland. I will. When I'm ready. There's no way you're going to pin this Mick Thompson thing on me. Oh... Before I go... I don't think so. - No... - HE CHUCKLES It's no' what you think. Wee misunderstanding there. Found in a skip. Is that no' your wife? Your ex-wife. - MCCALL LAUGHS - Your dead wife. I'll tell you what... finders keepers. I'll just keep hold of that myself. He just make an approach? Nah, just trying to rattle my cage. Showed me a photograph of Fran. - Jimmy... - And he knew Michael Thompson was dead. Right, listen. There's a file in your office. Five people knew Michael was in Shetland. All of them are listed. Plus everything you'll ever need on my Michael Thompson inquiry. Is there any word from Michael's handler? 2pm over at the Serious Crime Campus. They've got no choice. Phyllis Brenan's kicking shins over this. They've insisted on a formal, on-the-record interview. They're very defensive about this, Jimmy. They know they arsed up. And Arthur McCall... - Just watch your back, eh? - Aye. Oh... I found that in Michael Thompson's flat in Shetland. I don't know any of the punters but that's St Bride's up in Dennistoun. Well done. The bond between dedicated witness protection officer and client is like a marriage. A kind of temporary marriage. And like any marriage it's built on mutual trust and respect... How often were you in contact with Michael Thompson? - Regularly. - How regularly? Well, at least, um, every couple of weeks. And you never mentioned the incident on the ferry with him - and Robbie Morton? - Not when it happened. - But later, yes. - And your first response to that was to provide him with a fake alibi and lodge a bogus complaint against me? We needed to keep him safe until McCall's trial. We would have handed him back to you, soon as he testified, if he'd been guilty of any crime. Do you think he killed Robbie Morton? He was not that stupid. Do you think he was in contact with anyone from his past? DI Perez, as with a marriage, does your wife know what you're doing and thinking every moment of every day? Does that mean anything to you? - No. - We found it in Michael's flat. It was the only personal effect we found so it must've meant something to him. He didn't really talk about his family. How do you feel about all this? I mean, you persuade somebody to leave behind their friends and their family and their loved ones and to cut all ties with their past and to trust you, completely. You take their life in your hands. So it's not really like a marriage at all, is it? It's more like having a child. Look, erm, I wouldn't know. I don't have any children. How'd it go with the handler? Dunno. She doesnae like her boss, though. Tommy's moving-in present for us. Right, Michael Thompson - surveillance reports, transcripts of intercepted phone calls. I need you to start going through all of this - associates, friends, family. Anyone he might have got in contact with after he went into witness protection or someone who found out that he was on Shetland. Cos if Arthur McCall ordered Michael's death, then how did he know where to find him? Was it an internal leak or did Michael give himself away? Now, see if you can make that link and we've got a chance of nailing Arthur. - OK. Where are you going? Er, Dennistoun. Then Cassie. Send my love. - Yes? - Oh, hello. I'm Detective Inspector Perez. - Right. - I'm trying to trace a family and I was wondering if you might know who does the wedding photography around here. Well, there's a couple. I could find you their cards. I know that dress. That's one of mine. - And the flower girls' dresses. - Really, you made those? Every last stitch. Of course, that was before people ordered on the internet. They say it's silk organza but you don't know it's not polyester until you've got it in your hands. I take it it would be too much to ask that you remember the names? No, sorry. - I remember that one. Right wee tyke. - You knew him? No, I didn't exactly know him... What? Nothing. It's just really sad. I can't remember his name but it was just him and his mum and, well, she died from heroin, a couple of years after this photo was taken. And do you know what happened to him? They took him into care. Then he ran away. Right. God knows where he is now. Cora. I want you to fast-track some DNA work for me. This is nice. I know, Dad. It's nice. Too nice. Things can never be too nice, Cassie. Have you been to see Gran and Grandad yet? - Stop trying to change the subject. - You're putting it off, aren't you? I'm going to see them this afternoon. Satisfied? So... are you going to tell me about Edison? Edison Orantes Carvaehellio. He's Brazilian. And we're late. Brazil is booming these days, Mr Perez. More booming than Europe. Me and Cassie could do really well. Edison's just finished an MBA at Strathclyde Business School. Sao Paolo is the hottest spot in Brazil right now. Right. Erm... we've got an idea. Scottish produce into the Brazilian market. Wild salmon, Harris tweed... square sausages. It's a joke. Yeah, I know. I, uh... I need to check some messages. - Listen, Dad, Edison's really going places. - Yeah. Sao Paolo. - And taking you with him. - It's dead safe. His mum's only been carjacked like three times. I'm kidding. I'm in love, Dad. You don't say. I like seeing you happy, Cass. OK? Yeah. OK. Yeah. We're getting there. - Hello, there. - Jimmy! - You wee smasher. - Hi, George. - Hi. So what brings you to Glasgow, Jimmy? He never learns, does he, James? You know James can't talk about his work. - Aye, you havenae changed, George. - I know. - You all thought I'd be dribbling in a care home by now. - If only. Hey! Who's going to protect you when I'm gone? Protect me? Just because we had that wee break-in yesterday. - You had a break-in? - Aye - just kids. They scarpered the minute they heard my feet on the stairs. Did they take anything? A photo. Frannie at that marathon. They must have thought the frame was silver. It was only plated. You don't have a copy of that one, do you, Jimmy? I did love it. Er, no. No, I don't think so. I don't have one of them. Tommy. It's Jimmy Perez. How do I find Arthur McCall? Well... look at you, Mr Perez, walking in here, uninvited. I find that plain disrespectful. Let me guess. You're investigating a crime. A crime that works to my advantage. You might even think I'm responsible for that crime. That I ordered that crime. You might even think I had inside knowledge that allowed me to have that crime committed. But you cannae prove it. Cos there's nae evidence. I can get inside your life. Inside your head. I can do a lot of damage. So why don't you piss off back to Shetland and shag a sheep? Your wife's dead. You can shag anything you like. Tell Alan to clean himself up before he comes in. Don't want blood on the carpet. PHONE RINGS HE EXHALES - Tosh. - Look, I'm losing the ability to focus my eyes here, I'm going to call it a day. OK. You find anything? Nothing yet. But I heard from Sandy. They've confirmed it was the same gun used to shoot Leanne and Michael. No change in her condition. What about you? Did you find anything? I don't know. Maybe. Are you OK? Yeah, I'm fine. - I'll let you know if my maybe becomes a something, OK? - OK. - Have a good night. - You too. LIVELY MUSIC PLAYS Evening, everybody! Are you all right? Well, I'm no' too good at speeches. But, er... Where's my granny? - She's here! - Oh, my wee granny Bella is... the biggest, best influence on my life. - VARIOUS: Aw! - Aw! I know I've no' exactly been a saint these last few years, but, er... ...everything good in me is her doing. So, I'll ask you all to raise your glasses to Granny Bella! Happy birthday! - VARIOUS: Happy birthday! - Happy birthday! - Happy birthday! Here's to the next 80 years. - I'll be right back. - OK. Craig. Sandy, I telt Jimmy Perez already... I know what you said to Logan about me and his dad. Do you no' think Jenny's kids have got enough on their plates? I dunno what you're talking about. I never said nothing. "I never said nothing, I never did nothing, everybody's picking on me." How many times have we got to hear it? And how many times will you deny you were involved with Robbie Morton? Cos I know you were, and you're not getting rid of this one. - Not this time. - You know what this is, Sandy? This is police harassment. Logan probably just made it up to get the attention. You come near Logan again and I swear I'll have you charged and off this island before you can blink! What's going on? What's it look like? GENTLE PIANO PLAYS Hi. I think we owe you an apology. How's that? Is there somewhere more private we could talk? Thank you. - Do you have anything to drink? - Yeah. No, I was, er... I was thinking more minibar. Well, you wouldn't if you saw what was in it. It's supposed to be for a friend. I don't think he deserved it, anyway. - Cheers. - Cheers. We weren't straight with you today. My boss is too busy trying to cover his back. And mine. OK. Before he was killed, Michael Thompson was trying to renegotiate the terms of his witness protection deal. Shetland was only ever meant to be a staging post. We'd set him up with a new life after the trial but then... he met someone. - Freya. - Yeah. And he wanted her to be part of his new life. He, er... He hadn't yet found a way to tell her that. - Do you want to sit down? - Thanks. Anyway... ...in exchange he offered to give us something big - something new, something that would change the whole game. My job was just to deliver him to a meeting with someone from the fiscal office, a guy by the name of Brian McDade. But Michael was only in the meeting for a few minutes before he walked out. He said that what he had to tell them... was too explosive to be trusted to one junior fiscal. He said he wanted more of them and he wanted them to be senior. And then within a week... he was dead. So you think that Brian McDade was the source of the leak? I don't know. But I think if there is a leak they would rather bury it than try to stop it. You said that... your boss was covering your back, too - how's that? When Robbie Morton's disappearance became a murder enquiry I wanted to pull Michael out. But he begged for time. He wanted to come clean to Freya, so... I cooked up an alibi. I bought him 24 hours. You know, if I took him out when I should have, he'd still be alive. So why didn't you? Cos... ...what's the point of a new life if it's not worth living? Do you want another drink? Sure. It's good whisky. So what did your friend do to unearn it? Friend's probably the wrong word. Um... My daughter was three years old when I met her mother and Duncan's her father and we co-parent. Not very harmoniously. - So is that your way of telling me that you're married? - No. No, Fran died. She's dead. I'm very sorry. It's not really how you expect things to go wrong, is it? I didn't expect things to go wrong. An optimist, uh? I should go. OK. Hey... Do you bite your nails and then you paint them or do you paint them and then you bite? I paint them. DOOR BEEPS AND UNLOCKS Alexander. Thanks for covering for me earlier, Billy. I had to pick up Jenny's son. Everything OK? Yeah. Yeah, sure. Only it's five o'clock in the morning and you're not due in till nine. Couldn't sleep. Thought I might as well make a start going through - those door-to-door reports. - Might help with the insomnia. - No-one came back with anything. - Still. On the desk? - Aye. PHONE BUZZES - Cora. - Ah, Jimmy. Did I wake you? No. Er... yeah. That DNA test you asked for? I've got the result. Robbie Morton and Michael Thompson - they're father and son. Whoa, er... OK. Thanks. - Father and son? - Yeah, that's not all. Before Michael was killed he was trying to renegotiate his witness protection deal. In return he was offering them something big. Nobody knows what it was but he did have a meeting with a junior fiscal called Brian McDade. Who told you this? Asha Israni. In confidence. A whistle-blower? So you were right - she doesn't like her boss. Ah, hello. This is DC Wilson from Lerwick Police. I was just wondering about the changeover day for your holiday cottage? Yesterday. And do you have a contact number for whoever was renting it last week? Brian McDade hasn't been at work for two days. He's called in sick. It's very out of character, apparently. - DC Wilson. - Mrs Whelan. Listen, I-I won't keep you. I just need to ask you about the holiday cottage you were renting. You said on the phone you saw a car there some time after 11.30 - on Tuesday night? - Aye, that's right. We were all still up playing Monopoly. It was just a bit odd. Erm... the driver, well, he just got out and ran off. And this driver, did you get a good look at him? - It was dark. Sorry. - Is there anything you can remember? Erm... - He had a bag. - What kind of bag? - Wait a minute, Abby. Eh, long. Like the kind for keeping fishing rods in. - And did you see which way he went? - Towards Skolland. - I'm talking. - So, the car. Can you remember where it was left? - Yeah, but, erm, hold on. - Stop talking! - It won't be there now. - His mate came back for it, about... 1am? - His mate? A second man. - You're sure about that? - Yeah, no, the other guy was different - skinny. Younger, maybe. - Come on! - One minute! This is very important, can you remember where the car was parked? - I mean exactly where it was? - Yes. Neighbour says the car's gone. Hasn't seen him in a couple of days. I'd say, DS Mclntosh, we have reason to believe Mr McDade's life may be in danger. Don't we? Yes, sir. Tosh, upstairs. He sees this... and runs. Do you think he's the source of the leak? And now he's scared. ANSWERING MACHINE BEEPS MACHINE BEEPS 'Freya, I don't know if you can hear this...' STATIC MACHINE BEEPS 'Freya, I don't know if you can hear this...' STATIC Get uniforms over here, secure this place and keep an eye on it. PHONE RINGS Sandy. - The shooter had a car. I've got an eyewitness. - OK. He drove to a spot two miles short of Skolland some time after 11pm. He took his bag out the car - a long bag - and went on foot in the direction of Skolland harbour. - Looked like he was in a hurry. - Have you got the car? It was driven away at 1am by someone else. The shooter had help on Shetland. I'm going to get the 7.30 flight. Meet me at the airport. PILOT: 'Ladies and gentlemen, as we start our descent into Sumburgh, 'please make sure your seat backs and tray tables...' 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 