Dollar: Season 1, Episode 5 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Dollar 
 s1e5 - Episode #1.5 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Dollar (2019–…): Season 1, Episode 5 - Episode #1.5 - full transcript 
 The dollar bill ends up in a currency exchange shop. Trying to get it implicate Zeina in a hit and run accident and Tarek abducted by gangsters. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 A NETFLIX ORIGINAL SERIES [theme music playing] [Wajih] The opening of the bank is in two weeks, and our name has to be number one in the market. [alarm ringing] [faucet running] I want to establish a friendly relationship with the client. I want an advertising idea that can be summed up in two words, that's all. Mr. Wajih? I have an idea that might save you another meeting with us. What's this? 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 This is a one-dollar bill, so it could be in the hands of any person in the country. We'll release it, and it will pass from one hand to another and go from one pocket to the next. And the owner of the bill with the right number will win a valuable prize from the bank. [Wajih] One million dollars. [inaudible] CURRENCY EXCHANGE [coins clatter] I want to let you know my whole life has been jinxed recently. Oh. I want to let you know that the same has happened to me. My life was jinxed around the same time. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Are you trying to be funny? I mean, are you serious? We've been doing everything together. Was there anything I should have done that I didn't? Honestly, I was exhausted trying to get the beggar to tell me what he did with it. And I went through hell getting the baker to tell me who he gave it to. Then I got sore feet running after kids who clean cars. And now we've followed their boss, and look where we've ended up. That's not enough. "Not enough"? What else do you want me to do? Besides, why are you blaming me as if it was all my fault? You don't intend to give me the whole million, do you? What? In your dreams! Then I don't want to hear another word. I don't have to be responsible for everything. Why is that? Aren't you the man here? What? What does that have to do with anything? What do you mean? It has everything to do with it! I'm a girl, and I can't take such risks on my own. That's just a reminder. You can't? Just two days ago, you wanted to join that crazy women's club for the dollar. Women! See? A women's club. So my job is to handle the women, and yours is to handle the problems and rough situations. Man! So that's my job? Why can't you get it? This is a currency exchange store for God's sake! So it would take me more than two days to search the safe and drawers, between the yen and the dollars and the riyals and the euros... - It's a currency exchange store! - So? So what? I told you, it's a currency exchange store! [Zeina in French] Good morning. [in Arabic] A beautiful morning for a beautiful lady. I need to exchange $100, please. Euros or Lebanese pounds? No, no, no. I want it all in one-dollar bills. You can get that kind of change from the next store to the right, the one that sells perfumes. You know what? I'll exchange it for that pretty face of yours and those pretty eyes. What do you need? Two fifties? A fifty, a ten and two twenties, or $100? Well, I need $100. What's this, then? I mean, I need 100 bills of one dollar each. Ah. Now I get it. [sniffs and sighs] It smells good. [bills ruffling] You're welcome. Can I exchange this 100 as well, please? Forgive me, but all I have is less than $100. But if you like, I'll exchange it for something else. I don't mind. Give me all the dollar bills you've got, then give me the difference in Lebanese pounds. Sure. You know something? I've worked in this business for 35 years, and this is the first time I've ever met a customer like you. I want this dollar, please! This one? Yes. Would I be right in guessing that you are into collecting currency? [chuckles] Please, I want it. - [Omran] This one? - [in French] Yes. [in Arabic] Well, be my guest. [Tarek] Sweetheart, what's going on? I'm double-parked. "Sweetheart"? This is it, miss. It's all I have. And this one! This one is not exchangeable. Even if it's torn, it's okay, we'll take it. I'm not going to remove all this stuff and lift up the glass top and make a mess! As I said, this dollar is not exchangeable. Give it to me, and I'll give you $50 for it. Listen, son, stop fooling around with me. I'm old enough to be your father, understand? Also, get out, both of you. Otherwise, this won't end well. Look, there's a motorcycle cop at the corner. He can be here in one second. Also, that's it. I'm not exchanging money anymore. Goodbye! This here is my money... And there you go, sister. This is your $200. Now leave! Goodbye! This dollar is not for sale, and I'm not exchanging money anymore! Get out! Go! Leave! I said there's a motorcycle cop. What are you waiting for? Okay! Got it! What do you think? He's an old man. We can take him, right? Old man or not, I don't care about him. What I care about is what he has. So what are you waiting for? There's no time. Are you an idiot? The street is busy. Let's wait until dark. Tonight, we'll hit him. The early bird catches the worm. Why wait until nighttime? "Catches the worm"? Do you know who's going to get caught? I do! And it's all your fault, dude! Let's go, man! Are we going to keep going around in circles? Not a word, Tarek! Don't say anything! I don't want to hear your voice! You didn't even thank me for coming to help you. Thank you? That dollar was almost in my hands! But you had to come in and ruin everything for me, as usual! It's not my fault that he's into younger women and got all upset when he realized you were my wife! I'm sorry, when he thought you were my wife. Not my fault either! It's not my fault that he's into younger women, or whatever else it is that's fucking up my life right now! I'll go snatch it away from him. Come here! Where are you going? You realize as soon as you go in there, he'll suspect you before you even say hi? Look, Tarek, you either come up with an idea or you let me handle it! Zeina, you need to calm down. First of all, we need to stay right here, and we can't let him out of our sight. What's the use? See how many people are going in and out of the store? We might lose the dollar any second! Do you think it's the only dollar he has? Besides, didn't you see how he put it under the glass as if it was some ancient antique? Okay, I get your first point. What's your second point? Second, we need to think about when and how we are going to take the dollar from him. What's this? What if you kill him? I'm not going to kill him. I'll just scare him with it and take the dollar. The most important thing now is that you go in quickly and get the dollar. And once you're out of there, flash the light. I'll start the car quickly, I'll pick you up, then we'll go to my place. Your place? Why your place? My place, your place, it doesn't matter! Just do it! Hey, it looks like he's closing. [Tarek] Just wait. Let's see where he's headed. [Zeina] Obviously he's headed to his car. He's going home. [Tarek] Maybe his car is here in this parking lot. [horn blaring] [tires screeching] [car alarm blaring] He's still alive. What are you doing? He needs a hospital. Otherwise, he's going to die! What do we care? Are you kidding? Go check on the other guy. Hurry! He ran away, the son of a bitch. - Sit next to him. I'll drive. - Where to? What do you mean, "Where to?" I'm taking him to hospital. - Are you out of your mind, Zeina? - Are you serious, Tarek? Do you seriously want me to let him die here? We can't get involved with him. Do you realize what could happen to us? [Zeina] Then... you stay here. I'm not going to let him die. You have no conscience! EMERGENCY [horn honking] AUTHORIZED PERSONNEL ONLY Excuse me. Can you tell me anything? [Tarek] How is it going? You're here. What brought you? I'm here to check on the guy. Am I supposed to believe you? I don't know. But I felt it would be really indecent if I opened the store while the guy was about to die. [sighs] How are you going to open the store? Do you even have the key? See what a liar you are? Are you with the patient? [Zeina] How is he, doctor? Are you his daughter? What is it, doctor? I need to talk to someone related to him. Actually, we don't know him. We were there when the accident happened, and we decided to take him to hospital. Mmm. To tell you the truth, the patient has lost a lot of blood. [Tarek] And? And he needs a blood transfusion. How much time do we have? I don't know. It's a matter of luck. You know that his age is a risk factor. - I'll go. - [Tarek] Wait! What's his blood type? O positive. The generous type. Okay, can I go see what I can do? Wait! It's okay. I'll give him blood. [doctor] Okay. LABORATORIES - [Zeina] Excuse me? - [nurse] Yes? What's the meaning of "generous type"? It can donate to all other types but only receive from the same type. How is it going? I feel a bit dizzy. This is normal. Once you ingest some liquids and nutrients, you'll be okay. I'll go down to the cafeteria to get you something to eat. Fortunately, we found a cell phone in the patient's pocket, and it contains his family contact numbers. Administration contacted them, and they're on their way. So we can leave? No, stay a little longer to more fully recuperate. Feel better soon. Thank you. [Tarek] I said this isn't the time to talk. I have a lot on my mind. You always do. You'll never change. Don't waste your breath, then. Go away. [Gihan] Tarek, are you happy like that? Very! Tarek! Go away! Go away! - Who was that? - What? Sorry. I got you a snack. We need to get the hell out of here. - We still have time. - Time for what? Time for what? We brought the guy over here, we got him what he needed, and he's okay now. Don't you want us to make sure you're okay as well? What are you afraid of? Did something happen while I was gone? Why don't you get it? Unless we get out of here right now, we're going to be interrogated. Anyway, don't worry. I talked to the doctor. He called the family, and they're on their way. Okay, then let's get the hell out of here. Wait! The store keys. [gasps] Oh, my God. I forgot about the keys. Good thing you're here to remind me. This means we can't waste time. You need to go through his things and find the keys. I have the keys, smart ass! How come? Are you underestimating me? I took them out of his pocket before we got to the hospital. You... [doctor] That's her. Come with us, please. You'll need to give us a minute. Where to? Sir, may I have a word with her, please? About what? About the lawyer. She needs to give me his contact information. It's her right. Just make it quick. Give me the keys. Tarek, are you going to leave me? I'm not going to leave you. Give me the keys. Once I get the dollar, I'll come up with a hundred ways to get you out. - Tarek! - It's okay, trust me. [officer] Come on. What's the hold up? Fucking bitch. You tricked me again. [officer] Calm down and help us to understand! Honestly, I'm the one who doesn't understand. Are you accusing me, after everything I did? We're just having a little chat to prove the opposite. It's my fault. Yes, it's my fault! I should've left him lying on the floor until he bled to death! Wafaa, come on. You need to hold yourself together. Father can't take this. I wish it was me instead of him. What are you talking about? Don't say that, sis. What did the doctor say? He had a surgery. They implanted a metal rod in his leg. And it seems that he has a small crack in his skull. What are you doing here? Leila? So, she was your fiancée. When did you break up? Two and a half years ago, sir. How many kids are there in your family? Just me and my sister, Wafaa. So your dad is married to your fiancée... I mean your ex-fiancée, and you're trying to tell me that you didn't know about it? It's a strange story, right? The lady is here, sir. Go ahead and ask her. What do you say, Mrs. Leila? I have nothing to say. You're holding the marriage certificate. I'm their father's lawfully wedded wife. I've never seen such nerve! Hey, no one asked you to speak. She left my brother and made him suffer, and in the end, it turned out she was after my father. I don't get it! He's old enough to be your father! What do you want with him? [chuckles] Sis, it's not him she's interested in. It's what he has. What do you mean? Officer? I think I can leave now. No, stay here. What do you want with me? His whole family is here now. His family is here indeed, but we still don't know that it really wasn't you who did it. Me? Sir, there's someone asking to see you. Who? He says he's the victim's son. Are you all trying to tell me that your father has four wives and no one knew about it? He told me that he had remarried, sir, but he never told me how many women or who they were. And you didn't ask him? You have three kids with him, and you don't know who he's married to or how many other kids he has? I just want peace, sir. She's a liar. Don't believe her! They all married my father for his money. All but my poor mother. May she rest in peace. Excuse me, but my mother has nothing to do with these two. Oh, yeah? What makes her different from the other women who agreed to marry him in secret? Who said it was a secret marriage? My mother doesn't even know my father has other wives. Stop it right now! Do you think we're idiots? What have you got, man? We pulled out a statement showing all his properties. He owns a house in Badaro, a house in Tayyouneh, a house in Ain el Remmaneh and a house in Karakas. He owns three parking lots and a currency exchange store on Corniche el Mazraa and a fish restaurant in Maameltein. Damn! All that? Now I see why you're all fighting over him. Sir, these properties belong to me and my sister. Enough, Yasser. We're not splitting up Dad's estate while he's still alive. Cut it out! You and your brothers and sister! Stop talking to me about my brothers and my sisters! I don't know any of them! I mean, where did you all come from? I don't know any of them! Calm down, everyone. Let me continue. I don't think there's a need for all of this. What do you mean? All of Mr. Omran's properties are mortgaged. It says here that he was a gambler, but he had bad luck. He mortgaged all of his properties. [officer] What's this? It's evidence that Zeina is innocent. This is the bumper of the car that ran over the man inside, and here's the registration plate. I really can't believe it. The man has a bloody harem. I really feel sorry for his kids, though. Try to feel less sorry. Everything we went through tonight was because you felt sorry for him. Stop it, Tarek! Stop being a jerk! [clicks tongue] - [sighs] - Are you okay? Thank you for coming back. I can't believe you were able to get me out of the mess I got into. Really, thank you, Tarek. Were you really worried about me? You want the truth? I was worried they'd take you to the police station and you'd get stuck in there with the keys. By the way, the only thing good about you is your blood type. Let's be serious now. We need to figure out how to wrap it up before daylight. Then, like we said before... you'll go in, get the dollar and get out. You'll flash the light, I'll start the car, pick you up quickly, then we'll go to... to my place, to your place, or wherever you want to go. Just get it over with. [car door opens] [car door closes] [sighs] [mutters] [grunting softly] I'm glad you came to help. Come here. I need to lift up the glass top. [man 1]...23, 24, 25, 26, 27, 28, 29, 30, 31, 32, 33, 34, 35, 36, 37, 38, 39, 40, 41, 42, 43, 44, 45, 46, 47, 48, 49, 50, 51, 52... - 52... 52 divided by 500... - [typing on calculator] 25 divided by 500... 25... 25 divided by 500... [currency notes ruffling] ...6, 7, 8, 9, 10, 11, 12, 13, 14, 15, 16, 17, 18, 19, 20, 21, 22, 23... [continues counting] - Thank God! I almost got caught! - What is it? What happened? Didn't the keys work? They did, and everything was perfect. But the damn owner of the shop next door was in there and opened the door, and I was stuck inside. The problem is that the money I stole is less than $2,500. - [man 1] Great! - [man 2] Yeah. Now tell me, how did it go with you guys? [man 1] As you see. [man 2] What's this? Sterling pounds? What do I need sterling pounds for? Who's this? - Who's this? - Badr brought him. He didn't want us to get rid of him, so he brought him here. [man 2] Badr! Why did you bring him here? Don't we have enough shit? Go ahead! Blame me for everything this time, too! Because I'm the idiot who always ruins your plans! And you, what's your problem, shithead? We just got here! "Badr brought him!" We brought him together, remember? Do you think I enjoy breaking locks and robbing stores? Why are you looking at me like that, huh? We're doing all this for you, so for God's sake, stop giving me that look. For me? Why are you talking to me as if I was your girlfriend? Are you getting your cut? Yes or no? [man 1] Calm down, guys! [Badr] No, I want him to know! Yes, it's for you! So that Hindi's thugs won't cut off another one of your fingers! Bro, I deal in drugs, coke, marijuana, Captagon... I buy and sell stuff. But breaking locks and robbing stores, that's so we can get you ten grand every Thursday. This was never our thing to begin with! [man 2] You moron! The drugs that we're still paying Hindi for, we all had them! All three of us! And we all got caught with it! So cut it out, Badr, for God's sake! Stop whining and crying as if you're the victim here! We've had enough! Calm down, you guys! Have you forgotten what day it is? It's Thursday, and they'll be here any minute now. Yes, it's Thursday! It's Thursday! Besides, Badr brought this guy over here because he saw our faces. It's not just that. I thought we could use him to sell a kidney, a heart, an eye maybe... The money we stole from the currency exchange store is not enough. "Not enough"? What do you mean "not enough"? The payment is due today. What do you mean it's not enough? They're going to cut off my finger! Come on, count with me... Come on. What's this? Okay, these are Saudi riyals. Good. Euros... Japanese yen? How am I supposed to calculate the value of Japanese yen? My head is going to explode! [man 1] Calm down I'll do the calculations. Calm down. Write down the numbers and do the calculations. - [man 2] Come on, count! - [man 1] Fifty-four... [man 2] Count the money you have. [line ringing] [automated voice] The number you have dialed is currently not available. Please try again later. [cell phone chimes] VOICE MESSAGE FROM NIZAR [Nizar] Honey, I have news worth one million dollars. My father gave me permission to start my own business, and we can pick any date you like for our wedding. [man 2] Okay, this is almost 200... Right. And we have about 350 in Japanese yen. - How much do you have? - $3,500. And the Lebanese pounds are about... [sighs] So if we add what we have here to the money I brought in, we'll still need $2,000 to $2,500. [slaps table] I can't believe our luck! We broke into three stores! And we couldn't come up with ten grand? Fuck this luck! And what's even worse is that shit you dragged in here! [Badr] What shit are you talking about? Here, I'll take care of it. I'll slit his throat right now for you! Hey! Easy! Easy! Easy! You've been blaming me for this shit long enough! Fine! I brought him here, and I'll take care of him! Easy! You said we'll harvest his organs or whatever. We might be able to come up with the required amount. Well, yes, he can get us some money, but that's not our thing! Besides, we need connections and a whole lot of other things. It's not that simple. I heard that they keep them alive for several days, and every day, they take away something. That way, his organs will stay fresh and we can make even more money. That's good, but we haven't got time. Also, Badr, listen to me. I'm not arguing with you or busting your balls. But Hindi's thugs are mean! My finger is on the line, Badr! [Badr] Okay. [theme music playing] Subtitle translation by Imad Naqqar 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 