Dollar: Season 1, Episode 7 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Dollar 
 s1e7 - Episode #1.7 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Dollar (2019–…): Season 1, Episode 7 - Episode #1.7 - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 A NETFLIX ORIGINAL SERIES [theme music playing] [Wajih] The opening of the bank is in two weeks, and our name has to be number one in the market. [alarm ringing] [faucet running] I want to establish a friendly relationship with the client through an advertising idea that can be summed up in two words, that's all. Mr. Wajih? I have an idea that might save you another meeting with us. What's this? 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 This a one-dollar bill, so it could be in the hands of any person in the country. We'll release it, and it will pass from one hand to another and go from one pocket to the next. And the owner of the bill with the right number will win a valuable prize from the bank. [Wajih] One million dollars. CAPTAIN GILBERT DAW [Daw] No, no. Everything is under control. I know it dragged on for too long, but we got him in the end. Nothing can save him now. The way things are going, it will end very badly for him. Best regards. Bye. That's a weight off your back, sir. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Indeed. It caused me a lot of stress. I almost got demoted. You always manage, sir. - Now, if I may go. - You may. Excuse me, but what about Kawkab and Zuzu? Tarek and Zeina. Oh... Those two have nothing to do with Hindi or his business. They were collateral damage. What do you want us to do with them, sir? Have Khal, Hindi and their men all referred to the attorney general. As for the drummer and the belly dancer, release them with a residence guarantee. Yes, sir. Hold on a minute. - What's the matter? Why are you whining? - Me? I didn't say anything. Besides, get off my back. You're getting too comfortable. My back is sore enough after sitting in that shitty cell! My heels are 12 centimeters high, but I'm not complaining. Yes, because you're the strongest and smartest person in the world! You can even go swimming without getting wet. Look, I'm not in the mood for your crap right now. Anyway, what are we going to do? The dollar is still in there with the police officer. Then you need to wait here until he comes out. Really? And if he does? Should I just say, "Give us the dollar, please?" If I do, at least he might throw us back inside. You're saying there's no way out. There's no more solutions. We don't need a solution. We need a miracle. A miracle? That's easy. [exhales heavily] [humming] [officer] Good job. - How are you doing? - Hi. So, where are you going? Are you going home? Actually, no. I have these reports I need to take to the directorate. By that time, it will be prayer time. I'll pass by the mosque to pray then come back. You're going to the mosque? Don't forget us in your prayers. Of course I won't. Let's go. - What do you mean, "Let's go"? - Let's follow him. Are you serious? You want me to follow him dressed like this? I need to go get changed. Look... [gasps] My car! I left my car at the nightclub! Here's what we're going to do. I'll go home, I'll change real quick, and then I'll join you. Okay? Now, don't screw up, because I know you could. Tarek? Where to, babe? Do you need a cab? [door opens] [sighs heavily] Oh... [cell phone ringing] Hello? Yes, Tarek, where are you? I'm here at home. Where else would I be? I'm coming! I'm coming! I need to take a shower. I need five minutes. You want me to come like this? You stay behind the guy. Don't let him out of your sight for one second. I'm coming! Bye. Bye-bye. [inaudible] - [Zeina] Where is he? - Fuck! You scared me! Did you lose him? No, I didn't. He just went into the mosque. It's a good thing the prayer hasn't started yet. Wear these, or everyone will stare at you. - And where will you be? - I'll wait for you outside. You go in and keep an eye on him. You can't lose sight of him. And once the prayer is finished, you'll greet him and pretend that you ran into him by chance. You want me to talk to him? Yes, you have to talk to him. Tell him that you want to repent and that he's a pious man, so he can't carry dirty money. And once you both get out, you'll find me sitting outside. You'll give me all the money you have, and I won't leave him alone until he hands me the dollar. Go. Hurry. Okay. Pray for me. Pray for you? You're the one going in, so you're supposed to pray for me, not the other way around! Hey, you know what? This look suits you. - [mouths] Really? - Very much so! [khatib] Dear brothers. There's a certain thing that man has lusted for throughout the ages. A temptation that has captured so many minds and caused conflicts between people and their loved ones. A temptation that has taken over many hearts, so it has become the standard against which they measure the value of things and according to which they judge others. It's the lust for money, and the desire to accumulate it. As God said, "Know that your wealth and your children are a test and that there is a great reward with Allah." Also, said the messenger of Allah, peace be upon him and all his family and companions, "There's a temptation for each nation, and the temptation for mine is wealth." And Korah is the best example there is, for God "had granted him such treasures that the keys alone would weigh down a troop of mighty men." But he became a cruel tyrant. So he was punished. "We caused him to be swallowed up, along with his home, into the earth." Furthermore, God's servants, the temptation of wealth will cause a person to be indifferent to its source, not caring whether it's legitimate or not. [breathing heavily] [khatib] Instead, they consider whatever they acquire to be rightfully theirs. In Sahih al-Bukhari, Abu Hurayrah reported that the prophet, peace be upon him, said, "There will come a time when people shall be indifferent to the source of their wealth, be it legitimate or not." [Zeina mutters softly] [khatib] So they won't care if they earn their money by taking bribes or by cheating or by embezzling. They won't care if it comes from usury or stealing or injustice or illegally investing in the stock market or anything of the sort. So fear Allah, servants of God, and let money be your servant... instead of being its servant. And know that it's nothing but a loan that you will pay back tomorrow. So the pious man shall win, and the villain shall lose! That being said, I pray that Allah will forgive us all. Pray to him, and he shall forgive you. Blessed are the forgiven. Start the prayer. [call to prayer] [indistinct chatter] [khatib] There's no God but Allah. God is greatest. God is greatest! [khatib] Peace, mercy and blessings of God be upon you. [prayer continues] Spare a little change? Spare a little change? May God reverse your misfortune. May God protect you! - [man] May God reverse your misfortune. - May God protect you from evildoers. - [man] May God protect you. - May God protect you. Spare a little change? Spare a little change? May God take away your hardships. May God protect you from evildoers. Spare a little change? For the sake of this prayer, spare a little change. May God protect you from evildoers. May God protect you. I'm sick, and I can't afford the medicine. - I'm sick. Spare a little change? - [indistinct chatter] [Zeina] Spare a little change? May God protect you from evildoers. Spare a little change? - May God protect you. - [man] May God reverse your misfortune. [man] Give us a little of what belongs to God. - [Zeina] God bless you. - [man] May he provide for you. [Zeina] May God protect you from evildoers. [man] May God give you joy. - What are you doing here? - [Zeina continues panhandling] - None of your business. - Are you following me? - Me? No, I'm... - You what? Aren't you ashamed to come into this holy place? Don't you know that this place is for virtuous people? - It's not for shady people like you. - Please, keep it down. Afraid that I might expose you? - Don't get me wrong. I'm here for... - Don't tell me you want to repent! [Zeina] May God provide for you. You said it. Thank God. You think you're more generous than God? [Zeina] God gives to those who give. - God forgive me. - [Zeina continues panhandling] May God guide us all, son. May God guide us all. I regret everything I did. May God punish those who lead me astray. What matters is that you return to God. I got rid of every penny I earned at the nightclub. I gave all of it to this beggar who's sitting outside. This woman is really poor. She is human. She is a widow raising five kids. But I did what the sheikh said. Money is the dirt of the world. Well said, son. Well said. You did good. [sheikh] What's the matter, son? Hello, Sheikh. Hello. Never mind, it's nothing. But I can't find my shoes, so I'm looking for them. You're lying again? You said that you had repented! What's the deal with you two? It's nothing, Sheikh. It's in the past now. Sheikh, we arrested this guy yesterday, and today... - He told you that he repented! - Well, he's... He's what? What? Did you look into his heart? God Almighty has forgiven him from the seventh heaven and he accepted him and guarded his secret. Now you want to expose him? - Forgive me, Sheikh, but... - No buts! Repent to God and encourage others to be good. And you, son, God bless you. Have strong faith. [man] May God provide for you. [sheikh] Come to night prayer. And after the prayer, we're holding a remembrance circle. We could pray and ask God to grant you perseverance and acceptance. - [man continues panhandling] - God willing, Sheikh. God willing. [Zeina] May God protect your children. May you live long, Sheikh. [Zeina] May God send good people your way. [man] May you be relieved from your hardships. [Zeina] May God provide for you. May God protect you. [man] Give us a little of what belongs to God. [Zeina] God gives to those who give. [man] A little charity will go a long way. - [Zeina] May God protect your children. - [man continues panhandling] [Zeina] God gives to those who give. May God provide for you. May God protect you from evildoers. God gives to those who give. May God provide for you. May God protect you from evildoers. May God protect your children. May God send good people your way. May God provide for you. May God protect you from evildoers. - May God protect your children. - What do you want from me? - For God's sake, forgive me. - It's okay. Don't worry about it. No, no, no! I want to hear you say it. Otherwise, I won't be able to sleep tonight. You want me to forgive you? I forgive you. But I want you to give all the money you have to this poor woman, so that she can forgive both you and me. You're absolutely right. [cell phone ringing] God help us! God help us! This country has become infested with your kind! I shall leave you to God! God bless you, son. [officer] And you as well, Sheikh. Fuck cell phones, and fuck Nizar! Are you happy now? You've ruined everything! I did all the work to get the dollar right in your lap, and thanks to you, poof! It's gone! Me? Do you think I was happy sitting there all day in this hot weather, in this outfit? And for what? To afford the latest model of cell phone while begging for money! And who the hell is Nizar anyway? My fiancé. Or maybe my ex-fiancé. The one you locked me in the shoe closet for? The one who saw me in a belly dancer's costume last night. Want me to talk to him and try to explain? What are you going to explain, Tarek? He saw me coming out of the nightclub wearing a belly dancer's costume and being handcuffed by the police. Anyway, let's focus on the matter at hand. You have to go back inside. What? Go back inside? Everybody suspects me now. Besides, if that sheikh sees me, he won't leave me alone. That sheikh is going to lead you to the box that has the dollar in it. How? How? You need to gain his trust. Isn't that box where people put money for the poor? - So? - Don't you get it? You need to come up with a story to get the money out of him. Don't be foolish, Zeina. I met the man just a few hours ago. You expect him to believe me, just like that? Yes, he would, if you say to him... I don't know. Just come up with something. Like what? Like what? You know what it's like inside? Have you seen the people in there? You can lie wherever you like, but not in there. - Meaning? - Meaning they'll spot me right away. Look at me. I don't look that poor. Besides, do I look like someone who goes to the mosque? It doesn't take a genius to figure it out. But getting the one million dollars does. [sighs] [sheikh] "Whoever repents after his wrongdoing and makes amends, Allah will surely accept his repentance." God Almighty has spoken the truth. You did good, son. The door to repentance is wide enough for everyone. Thank God. But... Stop! I'm warning you. Doubt is the work of the devil. "Whoever Allah guides is truly guided." God forbid! I was talking about something else. Tell me, son. Talk to me. I'm like your father. Tell me. Honestly, Sheikh, I repented and let go of my ugly and sordid past along with the job that used to provide for me. And until I can find a legitimate source of income, - I need help. - Right. Right. Sheikh, my children and their mother are starving, and my sick mother is living with us, and her medicine is very expensive. I mean, why would I do this kind of work if it wasn't out of need? God forgive me. Go on, son. Don't be ashamed. Tell me. I mean, if you could kindly give me the money that's in this box until God sends me relief. - This donation box? - Hmm. Isn't this money alms for poor people like me? - So this money... - This money is the dirt of the world. So don't think too much about it, and don't let it affect your life. God created you for things other than money. God says, "I created jinn and man only to worship me." Are you trying to tell me, Sheikh, you spend your time worshiping here and that you don't care about money? "Wealth and children are merely adornments of this worldly life." Well said! You're absolutely right. We need to be able to fulfill our responsibilities in life. "But you prefer the life of this world, while the hereafter is better and more enduring." Sheikh, the point is... Are you going to help me with this money, or aren't you? Be patient, son. There are other options. "Man is ever hasty." Sheikh, like I told you, my family is starving. That's why you have to give me the money so I can get by for now. I have a solution that's better than this temporary one. Come see me tomorrow before the noon prayer. Then we'll go together to the brotherhood charity, where you'll register your name, and they will take care of you and your family, and they will pay for your food, your water, your healthcare, and within a few days, they will find you an honest job. So you'll work, and you'll earn your living. A charity, you said? We thank God for giving us the strength and purity of heart to help others. So what do I do now, Sheikh? Now, you need to put everything behind you and come with me to cleanse your soul from impurities and set it free through the remembrance of God Almighty. Sit down. - What do you want? - I want to talk to you. If it's going to upset me, I might as well turn around right now. You have the nerve to say that? Zeina! Sit down, because I'm not afraid to cause a scene here. - So please sit down. - I don't care. - Why? Because you've gotten used to it? - Nizar, show some respect! You're talking about respect? Sit down! Sit down, please. Do you know what I had to do to give you what you wanted? Do you know what I've been through in order to stand up to my family to please you and meet your conditions? You're so strange. Are you rubbing it in my face because I told you to claim what's rightfully yours? I'm here to tell you that I finally did it. You did it? After how long? After four years? You're way too late, Nizar. Even if I was too late, you should've said something. - Something like what? - Well, I don't know. That's what you need to tell me. You need to explain to me what I saw last night. A belly dancer, Zeina? Being dragged out of the nightclub by the police? Could you stoop any lower? Please, Nizar, you don't have to be hurtful. It's more complicated than that. What do you mean? - It's a long story. - Well, I'm listening. I can't. Forgive me. No, I won't! You're telling me everything, now. I have the right to know what's going on with my fiancée. Oh, am I still your fiancée? Regardless, I at least need to know the reason our relationship failed. A belly dancer. Yes, I'm a belly dancer. Do you need more reasons than that? Please, stop beating around the bush. Tell me everything right now! I want to know everything that's been going on with you right now! Now! I don't have to tell you anything, except one thing. I wish you a good and happy life. But not with me. Oh. For the coffee... So that you don't get embarrassed when Daddy asks you what you're doing with the money. [men singing and drumming] [man exclaims] [singing and drumming continues] [rooster crows] [vehicle horn blares] [cell phone ringing] Hello? Yes, Zeina. No, I'm half asleep. I don't know. I don't know. Where are you? Okay, I'll come out now and tell you everything. No, I haven't forgotten. Okay, bye. [groaning softly] [sheikh] Go wash yourself and do the dawn prayer, son. It's bad enough that you missed the morning congregational prayer. God is greatest! So? As usual. It slipped away? "It's better to decide your affairs in mutual consultation." They sat together and decided to open the box, to buy three sheep and give away the meat to the poor. Sheep? Yes. Sheep. [theme music playing] Subtitle translation by Imad Naqqar 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 