Star Trek: The Next Generation: Season 1, Episode 1 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Star Trek: The Next Generation 
 s1e1 - Encounter at Farpoint - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Star Trek: The Next Generation (1987–1994): Season 1, Episode 1 - Encounter at Farpoint - full transcript 
 On the maiden mission of the U.S.S. Enterprise (NCC-1701-D), an omnipotent being known as Q challenges the crew to discover the secret of a mysterious base in an advanced and civilized fashion. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Space, the final frontier. These are the voyages of the starship Enterprise. To explore strange new worlds, to seek out new life and new civilizations, to boldly go where no one has gone before. Captain's log, stardate 41153.7. Our destination is planet Deneb IV, beyond which lies the great unexplored mass of the galaxy. As you ordered, sir. My orders are to examine Farpoint, a starbase built there by the inhabitants of that world. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Meanwhile, I'm becoming better acquainted with my new command, this Galaxy-class USS Enterprise. I am still somewhat in awe of its size and complexity. As for my crew, we are short in several key positions, most notably, a first officer. But I am informed that a highly experienced man, one Commander William Riker, will be waiting to join the ship at our Deneb IV destination. You will agree, Data, that Starfleet's orders are difficult. Difficult? Simply solve the mystery of Farpoint Station. As simple as that. Farpoint Station. Even the name sounds mysterious. It's hardly simple, Data, 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 to negotiate a friendly agreement for Starfleet to use the base while, at the same time, snoop around finding out how and why the life-form there built it. Inquiry. The word "snoop"? Data, how can you be programmed as a virtual encyclopedia of human information without knowing a simple word like snoop? A kind of human behavior I was not designed to emulate. It means, uh, to spy, to sneak. Ah, to seek covertly, to go stealthily, - to slink, slither... - Exactly, yes. - ...glide, creep, skulk, pussyfoot, gum... - Yes. - ...shoe. - Captain. I'm sensing a... A powerful mind. Something strange on this detector circuit. It registers as solid, captain. Or an incredibly powerful forcefield. If we collide with either, it could be very... Shut off that damn noise! Go to yellow alert. Shields and deflectors up, sir. Reverse power, full stop. Controls to full stop, sir. Now reading full stop, sir. Thou art notified that thy kind hath infiltrated the galaxy too far already. Thou art directed to return to thine own solar system immediately. That's quite a directive. Would you mind identifying what you are? We call ourselves the Q. Or thou mayst call me that. It's all much the same thing. I present myself to thee as a fellow ship captain that thou mayst better understand me. Go back whence thou camest. Stay where thou art. - Data, call medics. - He's frozen. He would not have injured you. Do you recognize this? The stun setting? Knowing humans as thou dost, captain, wouldst thou be captured helpless by them? Now, go back or thou shalt most certainly die. Captain's log, supplementary. The frozen form of Lieutenant Torres has been rushed to Sickbay. The question now is the incredible power of the Q being. Do we dare oppose it? Captain, thy little centuries go by so rapidly. Perhaps thou will better understand this. Actually, the issue at stake is patriotism. You must return to your world and put an end to the commies. All it takes are a few good men. What? That nonsense is centuries behind us. But you can't deny that you're still a dangerous, savage, child race. Most certainly I deny it. I agree we still were when humans wore costumes like that, 400 years ago. At which time you slaughtered millions in silly arguments about how to divide the resources of your little world. And 400 years before that, you were murdering each other in quarrels over tribal god images. Since then, there are no indications that humans will ever change. But even when we wore costumes like that, we'd already started to make rapid progress. Oh, yeah? You wanna review your rapid progress? Rapid progress. To where humans learned to control their military with drugs. Sir, Sickbay reports Lieutenant Torres' condition is better. Oh, concern for one's fellow comrade. How touching. And now a personal request, sir. Permission to clean up the Bridge. Lieutenant Worf is right, sir. As security chief, I can't just stand here and let... Yes you can, Lieutenant Yar. Oh, better. And later, on finally reaching deep space, humans, of course, found enemies to fight out there too. And to broaden those struggles, you again found allies for still more murdering. The same old story, all over again. No. The same old story is the one we're meeting now. Self-righteous life-forms who are eager not to learn, but to prosecute. To judge anything they don't understand or can't tolerate. What an interesting idea, prosecute and judge. Suppose it turns out we understand you humans only too well? We've no fear of what the true facts about us will reveal. Facts about you? Splendid. Splendid, captain. You're a veritable fountain of good ideas. There are preparations to make. But when we next meet, captain, we'll proceed exactly as you suggest. Sir, respectfully submit, our only choice is to fight. Fight or try to escape. Sense anything, commander? Its mind is much too powerful. Recommend we avoid contact. From this point, no station aboard, repeat, no station for any reason, will make use of transmitted signals or intercom. We'll try and take them by surprise. Let's see what this Galaxy-class starship can do. Lieutenant, inform engine room to prepare for maximum acceleration. - Aye, sir. - Record search, Data. Results of detaching saucer section at high-warp velocity. Inadvisable at any warp speed, sir. Search theoretical. It is possible. But absolutely no margin for error. Using printout only, notify all decks to prepare for maximum acceleration. "Maximum," you're entitled to know, means that we'll be pushing our engines well beyond safety limits. Our hope is to surprise whatever that is out there. Try and outrun it. Our only other option is to tuck tail between our legs and return to Earth as they demand. The centrifugal variable cross-mechanism operating at 6.612. We're currently measuring the magnitude of the inertial velocity. Run a transporter check at 0400. It's on an elliptical orbit. Inertial reference coordinate system, go. Some of the solid particles are... Engine room ready, sir. The board shows green, captain. All go. Stand by. Engage. Warp 9.2. 351, mark 11, sir. Steady on that. The hostile is now giving chase, sir. Accelerating fast. We're now at warp 9.3, sir, which takes us past the red line. Continue accelerating. Counselor, at this point, I'm open to guesses about what we've just met. It felt like something beyond what we'd consider a life-form. Beyond? Very, very advanced, sir, or certainly very, very different. We're at 9.4, sir. Hostile is now beginning to overtake us, sir. You sure? Hostile's velocity is already warp 9.6, sir. Shall I put them on the main viewer? Reverse angle. Magnifying viewer image. Hostile's velocity is 9.7, sir. Worf, inform the engine room that we need more. Engine room attempting to comply, sir, but they caution us... Go to yellow alert, arm aft photon torpedoes, - place them on ready status. - Torpedoes to ready, sir. Hostile now at warp 9.8, sir. Our velocity is only 9.5, sir. Projection, sir. We may be able to match hostile's 9.8, sir. But at extreme risk. Now reading the hostile at warp 9.9, sir. Now hear this. Urgent. All stations on all decks, prepare for emergency saucer sever. You will command the saucer section, lieutenant. I'm a Klingon, sir. For me to seek escape when my captain goes into battle... You are a Starfleet officer, lieutenant. Aye, sir. Make the mark, Data. Note in ship's log that at this startime I'm transferring command to the Battle Bridge. Captain's log, stardate 41153.7. Preparing to detach saucer section, so that families and the majority of the ship's company can seek relative safety, while the vessel stardrive, containing the Battle Bridge and main armaments, will turn back and confront the mystery that is threatening us. It's okay, honey. Check your name at the computer terminals. Yes, sir. Lieutenant, your torpedoes must detonate close enough to the hostile - to blind it to the moment we separate. - Understood, sir. All decks acknowledging, sir. Worf, this is the captain. At the moment of separation, we will reverse power just enough to get your saucer section out ahead and clear of us. Understood, captain. Torpedoes away, sir. Begin countdown. - Mark. - Starship separation, six, five, four, three, two, one. Separation is successful, sir. Torpedoes have detonated, sir. Let's come to a stop. Reverse power. Reverse power. Decelerating. Dead stop. We'll hold this position and wait for them. That will bring them here in just minutes, sir. Will we make a fight of it, captain? If we at least damage their ship, - we have a chance... - Lieutenant. Are you recommending that we fight a life-form that can do all those things? I'd like to hear your advice. I spoke before I thought, sir. We should look for some way to distract them from going after the saucer. All forward motion stopped, sir. Thank you, conn. Commander, signal the following in all languages and on all frequencies. We surrender. State that we are not asking for any terms or conditions. Aye, sir. All language forms and frequencies. The prisoners will all stand. Historically intriguing, captain. Very, very accurate. Mid-21st century. The post-atomic horror. All present, stand and make respectful attention to honored judge. Careful, sir. This is not an illusion or a dream. But these courts belong in the past. I don't understand either, but this is real. Get to your feet, criminals. At least we're acquainted with the judge, captain. Attention. On your feet! Attention! You're out of order. The prisoners will not be harmed, until they're found guilty. Dispose of that. Can we assume you mean this will be a fair trial? Yes, absolutely equitable. Before this gracious court now appear these prisoners to answer for the multiple and grievous savageries of the species. How plead you, criminal? If I may, captain? Objection, Your Honor. In the year 2036, the New United Nations declared that no Earth citizen could be made to answer for the crimes of his race or forbears. Objection denied. This is a court of the year 2079, by which time more rapid progress had caused all United Earth nonsense to be abolished. - Tasha, no. - I must. Because I grew up in a world that allowed things like this court, and it was people like these that saved me from it. This so-called court should get down on its knees to what Starfleet is. What it represents. You barbarian. - This woman has done nothing wrong! - Criminals, keep silent! You've got a lot to learn about humans if you think you can torture us or frighten us into silence. - Will she live? - Uncertain. When he froze Lieutenant Torres on the Bridge, we had our Sickbay to help thaw him out. You will answer the charges, criminal. Or what? Or this? Or death? Or worse? You promised the prisoners will not be harmed. We plead nothing so long as you break your own rules. I suggest you center your attention on this trial, captain. It may be your only hope. I suggest you are now having second thoughts about it. You are considering that if you conduct a fair trial, which was your promise, - you may lose. - Lose? Yes, even though you're judge and prosecutor. And jury. Accepted, so long as you keep to your agreement. And assaulting a prisoner is hardly a fair trial. This is a merciful court. Silence! Continuing these proceedings, I must caution you that legal trickery is not permitted. - This a court of... - A court of fact. We humans know our past, even when we're ashamed of it. I recognize this court system as the one that agreed with that line from Shakespeare: - "Kill all the lawyers." - Which was done. Leading to the rule, guilty until proven innocent. Of course, bringing the innocent to trial would be unfair. You will now answer to the charge of being a grievously savage race. "Grievously savage" could mean anything. I will answer only specific charges. Are you certain you want a full disclosure of human ugliness? So be it, fool. Present the charges. Criminal, you will read the charges to the court. I see no charges against us, Your Honor. You are out of order. Soldiers, you will press those triggers if this criminal answers with any word other than "guilty." Criminal, how plead you? Guilty. Provisionally. The court will hear the provision. We question whether this court is abiding by its own trial instructions. Have I permission to have Commander Data repeat the record? There'll be no legal trickery. These will be your own words, Your Honor. What exactly followed His Honor's statement that the prisoners will not be harmed? Yes, sir. The captain had asked the question: "Can we assume you mean this will be a fair trial?" And in reply the judge stated: "Yes, absolutely equitable." Irrelevant testimony. Entirely irrelevant. All right! We agree there is evidence to support the court's contention that humans have been savage. Therefore, I say, test us! Test whether this is presently true of humans. I see. I see. And so you petition the court to accept you and your comrades as proof of what humanity has become? There must be many ways we can be tested. We have a long mission ahead of us. Another brilliant suggestion, captain. But your test hardly requires a long mission. Your immediate destination offers far more challenge than you can possibly imagine. Yes, this Farpoint Station will be an excellent test. All present, respectfully stand. This court is adjourned to allow the criminals to be tested. This honorable court is adjourned. Stand respectfully. Captain, you may find that you are not nearly clever enough to deal with what lies ahead for you. It may have been better to accept sentence here. What is present course, conn? It's what it's been all along, sir. Direct heading to Farpoint Station. Confirmed. We are on that heading, sir. You know anything about Farpoint Station, sir? Sounds like a fairly dull place. We've heard that we may find it rather interesting. Personal log, Commander William Riker. Stardate 41153.7. The USS Hood has dropped me off at Farpoint Station where I await the arrival of the new USS Enterprise, to which I have been assigned as first officer. Meanwhile, I've been asked to visit the Farpoint administrator's office. In the old city. Ah, Commander Riker, I thought you'd want to know we've still no word from your vessel. I trust we've made your waiting comfortable? - Luxurious is more like it. - Good. Good. Would I seem ungrateful if I asked for some information? Anything. Fascinating, the advanced materials used in constructing this space station. Your energy surplus must be as abundant as I've heard. Geothermal energy is one of the great blessings of this planet. I'll have all the details of that sent to your quarters. Thank you. But it still seems incredible to me that you could've constructed this station so rapidly and so... So perfectly suited to our needs. Would you care for an Earth delicacy, commander? Well, if there's an apple... I'm sorry, commander. Oh, it doesn't matter. What I was saying was... I'll be damned. Ah, yes. There was another selection here. Groppler, I could have sworn this wasn't here a minute ago. And did your failure to notice it make it unwelcome? Not at all, Groppler. I trust it will be the same with Farpoint Station, commander. A few easily answered questions about it won't make Starfleet appreciate it less. And it's delicious. Thank you. - Good morning, Groppler Zorn. - Good morning. You have been told not to do that. Why can't you understand? It will arouse their suspicion. And if that happens, we will have to punish you. We will, I promise you. Dr. Crusher. Mother. It's Commander Riker. - Hello, Wes. Enjoying Farpoint Station? - Yes, sir. I saw you, I thought I might join you for a stroll. Actually, we were about to do some shopping. I've been meaning to visit the mall myself. Of course. If you're wondering about Mom, Commander Riker, she's not unfriendly. She's just shy around men she doesn't know. Wesley. I believe that means he would like us to be friends. Oh, I'm willing, doctor. Although we're not officially part of the Enterprise, I thought there might be something useful we could do while we wait. Useful? How, commander? Investigating things that I've noticed since I've been here. The last was a piece of fruit... - Gold would be lovely with this. - I had asked for an apple... I am sure, commander, there are reasons for a first officer to want to demonstrate his energy and alertness to a new captain, but since my duty and interests are outside the command structure... Isn't it remarkable he happened to have exactly what you asked for? Thank you. I'll take the entire bolt. Send it to our starship when it arrives. Charged to Dr. Crusher. Let's see, where were we? I was accusing you of inventing work in order to curry favor with our new captain. I apologize. Mom, that gold pattern wasn't there. Maybe this is something Jean-Luc would like looked into. Jean-Luc Picard? You know the captain. When I was little, he brought my father's body home to us. Yes, Wes. Long, long ago. A pleasure to meet you, commander. Well, excuse us. My pleasure, doctor. - Wes? - Sir? See you on board. Yes, sir. Sir, the Enterprise is arriving but... Is this an official report, lieutenant? Ahem. Sorry, commander. Sir, Lieutenant La Forge reporting the Enterprise arriving, but without the saucer section, sir. Stardrive section only? What happened? I don't know, sir. Captain Picard has signaled for you to beam up. Our new captain doesn't waste time. It's a good idea. - Thank you, lieutenant. - Aye, sir. Enterprise, this is Commander Riker at Farpoint Station. Standing by to beam up. Lieutenant Yar of Security, sir. Captain Picard will see you on the Battle Bridge. With the saucer gone, I assume something interesting happened on the way here. Battle Bridge. That's for the captain to explain, sir. Do we have clearance? - Aye, sir, into standard parking orbit. - Make it so. Commander Riker, sir. Riker, W.T. reporting as ordered, sir. - Is the viewer ready? - All set up, sir. We'll first bring you up to date on a little adventure we had on our way here, commander. Then we'll talk. Welcome aboard. This way, sir. Thou art directed to return to thine own solar system immediately. Go back or thou shalt most certainly die. But you can't deny that you're still a dangerous, savage, child race. Message from the saucer module, sir. It will arrive here in 51 minutes. Inform them we'll connect as soon as they arrive. And send the commander to me when he's finished. Yes, sir. And 400 years before that, you were murdering each other in quarrels over tribal god images. Since then there are no indications that humans will ever change. There are preparations to make. But when we next meet, captain, we'll proceed exactly as you suggest. He calls that a little adventure? Come. Not exactly a run-of-the-mill happening, captain. It seems we're alive only because we have been placed on probation. A very serious kind of probation. Go. The saucer module now entering orbit with us, sir. Acknowledge. Commander Riker will conduct a manual docking. Picard out. Sir? You've reported in, haven't you? You are qualified? - Yes, sir. - Then I mean now, commander. They say you will be doing this manually, sir. No automation. As ordered. Velocity to one-half meter per second. Adjust pitch angle, negative three degrees. Watch your roll angle, conn. All stations, prepare for reconnection. Thrusters to station keeping. All velocity zero. Her inertia should do the job now. Lock up, now. A fairly routine maneuver, but you handled it quite well. Thank you, sir. I hope I show some promise. I do have some questions for you, however. Yes, sir. I thought you might. I see in your file that Captain DeSoto thinks very highly of you. One curious thing, however, you refused to let him beam down to Altair III. In my opinion, sir, Altair III was too dangerous to risk exposing the captain. I see. Captain's rank means nothing to you. Rather the reverse, sir. But a captain's life means a great deal more to me. Isn't it just possible that you don't get to be a Starfleet captain without knowing whether it's safe to beam down or not? Isn't it a little presumptuous of a first officer to second-guess his captain's judgment? Permission to speak candidly, sir? Always. Having been a first officer yourself, you know that assuming that responsibility must, by definition, include the safety of the captain. I have no problem with following any rules you lay down, short of compromising your safety. And you don't intend to back off from that position? No, sir. One further thing. - A special favor. - Anything, sir. Using the same strength you showed with Captain DeSoto, I would appreciate it if you could keep me from making an ass of myself with children. - Sir? - I'm not a family man, Riker, and yet, Starfleet has given me a ship with children aboard. - Yes, sir. - And I, uh... I don't feel comfortable with children. But since a captain needs an image of geniality, you're to see that's what I project. Aye, sir. Welcome to the Enterprise, Commander Riker. Naturally, I've heard of your case. The VISOR appliance you wear is... Is a remarkable piece of bioelectronic engineering by which I quote "see" much of the EM spectrum ranging from simple heat and infrared through radio waves, et cetera, et cetera, and forgive me if I've said and listened to this a thousand times before. You've been blind all your life? I was born this way. And you've felt pain all the years you've used this? Mm. They say it's because I use my natural sensors in different ways. Well, I see two choices. The first is painkillers. - Which would affect how this works. - Mm-hm. No. - And choice number two? - Exploratory surgery. Desensitize the brain areas troubling you. Same difference. No, thank you, doctor. I understand. See you. - Yes, sir? - Where will I find Commander Data? Commander Data is on special assignment, sir. He's using our shuttlecraft to transfer an admiral over to the Hood. An admiral? He's been aboard all day, sir, checking over medical layout. Why a shuttlecraft? Why wouldn't he just beam over? I suppose he could, sir, but the admiral is a rather remarkable man. Have you got some reason you want my atoms scattered all over space, boy? No, sir. But at your age, sir, I thought you shouldn't have to put up with the time and trouble of a shuttlecraft. - Hold it right there, boy. - Sir? What about my age? Sorry, sir, if that subject troubles you. Troubles me? What's so damn troublesome about not having died? How old do you think I am, anyway? One hundred thirty-seven years, admiral, according to Starfleet records. Explain how you remember that so exactly. I remember every fact I'm exposed to, sir. I don't see no points on your ears, boy, but you sound like a Vulcan. No, sir. I'm an android. Hm. Almost as bad. I thought it was generally accepted, sir, that Vulcans are an advanced and most honorable race. They are, they are. And damn annoying, at times. Yes, sir. Well, this is a new ship, but she's got the right name. - Now, you remember that, you hear? - I will, sir. You treat her like a lady, and she'll always bring you home. Did you signal the Hood, Commander Riker? Your exact message. "Bon voyage, mon ami." What was the reply, computer? You're wasting time, captain. Or did you think I was gone? Lieutenant. Do you intend to blast a hole in the viewer? If the purpose of this is to test humans, Your Honor, we must proceed in our own way. You are dilatory. You have 24 hours. Any further delay and you risk summary judgment against you, captain. - Sorry, sir. - You reacted fast, Mr. Worf. But futilely. I will learn to do better, sir. Of course you will. We've a long voyage ahead us. What do we do now, captain? With them monitoring our every move and every word. We do exactly what we'd do if this Q never existed. If we're going to be damned, let's be damned for what we really are. Personal log, stardate 41153.8. Of the 24 hours Q allotted us to prove ourselves, 11 have now passed without incident. And yet, I cannot forget Q's prediction that we will face some critical test. This planet's interior heat provides an abundance of geothermal energy, but it's about all that this world does offer. And it's your belief that this is what made it possible for them to construct this base to Starfleet standards? Yes, sir. We have to assume that they've been trading their surplus energy for the construction materials used here. According to our ship's scans, many of the materials used are not found on this world. Perhaps it's like those incidents you describe in your report as almost magical attempts to please us. Those events did happen, sir. None of it suggests anything threatening. If only every life-form had as much desire to please. Ready to beam down? I'm looking forward to meeting this Groppler Zorn. I have a feeling there's more to it than just trying to please us, sir. As if it's something Q is doing to trick us? Over here. I've asked the counselor to join us in this meeting. May I introduce our new first officer, Commander William Riker. Commander Riker, this is our ship's counselor, Deanna Troi. Do you remember what I taught you, Imzadi? Can you still sense my thoughts? A pleasure, commander. Likewise, counselor. Have the two of you met before? We have, sir. Excellent. I consider it important for my key officers to know each other's abilities. We do, sir. We do. I too, could never say goodbye, Imzadi. My crew and I need more information before we can make our recommendations to Starfleet. No objections to that. But I'm puzzled over you bringing a Betazoid to this meeting. If her purpose, sir, is to probe my thoughts... I can sense only strong emotions, Groppler. I'm only half Betazoid. My father was a Starfleet officer. Well, I have nothing to hide, of course. Good, since we admire what we've seen of your construction techniques. Starfleet may be interested in your constructing starbases elsewhere also. We are not interested in building other facilities. If I may, captain? Then a trade, Groppler. Some things that you need in return for lending us architects and engineers who could demonstrate your techniques. Bandi do not enjoy leaving their home world. If Starfleet cannot accept that small weakness, then we will be forced, unhappily, to seek an alliance with someone like the Ferengi. Counselor, what is it? Do you want it described here, sir? Yes. No secrets here if we're to be all friends. Agreed, Groppler? We ourselves have nothing to hide, of course. Pain. Loneliness. Terrible loneliness. Despair. I'm not sensing the Groppler, sir, or any of his people, but it's something very close to us here. The source of this, Groppler, have you any idea? No. No, absolutely not. And I find nothing helpful or productive in any of this. And that's it? No other comment? Well, what do you expect of us? We offer you a base designed to your needs. Luxurious by even human standards. While evading even our simplest questions about it. We'll adjourn for now, while we all reconsider our positions. Captain, the Ferengi would be very interested in a base like this. Fine. Let's hope they find you as tasty as they did their past associates. Ensign, could you help me find Commander Data? I understand he's somewhere on this deck. This way, sir. You must be new to these Galaxy-class starships, sir. Tell me the location of Commander Data. Lieutenant Commander Data now located in holodeck area 4J. And as you can see, sir, it's pointing you that way. - Thank you. - You're welcome, sir. The next hatchway on your right. - Thank you. - You're welcome, Commander Riker. And if you care to enter, commander? I do. Hello? Marvelous, how easily humans do that. I still need much practice. There's some puzzles down on the... Down on the planet that the captain wants answered. He suggests I take you with me on the away team I'll be leading. I shall endeavor to function adequately, sir. Yes. When the captain suggested you, I looked up your record. Yes, sir. A wise procedure, sir. Always. Then your rank of lieutenant commander is honorary? No, sir. Starfleet class of '78, honors in probability and mechanics and exobiology. - But your file says that you're a... - Machine. Correct, sir. Does that trouble you? To be honest, yes, a little. Understood, sir. Prejudice is very human. Now, that does trouble me. Do you consider yourself superior to us? I am superior, sir, in many ways. But I would gladly give it up to be human. Nice to meet you, Pinocchio. A joke. Ah. Intriguing. You're going to be an interesting companion, Mr. Data. This woodland pattern is quite popular, sir. Perhaps because it duplicates Earth so well. Coming here almost makes me feel human myself. I didn't believe these simulations could be this real. Much of it is real, sir. If the transporters can convert our bodies to an energy beam, - then back to the original pattern... - Yes, of course. And these rocks and vegetations have much simpler patterns. Correct, sir. - The rear wall. - I can't see it. We're right next to it. Incredible. Commander Riker. Commander Riker, isn't this great? This is one of the simple patterns. They've got thousands more. Some you just can't believe. Careful, the next rock is loose. Wesley. Wow. Mr. Data has agreed to join me on the away team captain. Very good, commander. Sir, maybe I should get something to wipe this water up. Good idea. There's a low-gravity gymnasium too. It'd be hard to get bored on this ship. Good. Mom, could you get me a look at the Bridge? That's against the captain's standing orders. - Are you afraid of the captain too? - I certainly am not. But Captain Picard is a pain, isn't he? Your father liked him very much. Great explorers are often lonely. No chance to have a family. Just a look at the Bridge. I'll stay in the turbolift when the doors open. I won't get off. You are asking for trouble, Wes. We'll see what we can do. I recommend that someone could begin by examining the underside of the station, sir. Our sensors do show some passages, sir. Perhaps, you and I. Tasha, you and the counselor. And, Geordi, I want your eyes down there. You and I will start topside. Have you noticed anything unusual? I can't see as well as Geordi, sir. But so far, the material seems rather ordinary. - Construction records? - Construction records shows this to be almost identical to that which Starfleet uses. Team leader. We found something interesting. We're in a passageway directly under the station, sir. But these tunnel walls are something I've never seen before, sir. - How are you examining them, Geordi? - In every way. Microscopically, thermally, electromagnetically. None of it is familiar. And what about you, Troi? Sir, I've avoided opening my mind. Whatever I felt in the Groppler's office became very uncomfortable. I'm sorry, counselor, but you must. We need more information. Pain. Such pain. Pain. Hang on, I'm coming. Enterprise, lock us on to her signal. I'm sorry. Close your mind to the pain. Unhappiness. Terrible despair. Who? I don't know. No life-form anything like us. What in the hell kind of place is this? Geordi, what do you see? Well, it's of... It's of no material I recognize, sir, or have even heard of. What the hell? Children are not allowed on the Bridge. Permission to report to the captain. Dr. Crusher. Captain. Sir, my son is not on the Bridge, he merely accompanied me on the turbolift. Your son? His name's Wesley. You last saw him years ago when... Hm. Well, as long as he's here... Ahem. I, uh... I knew... I knew your father, Wesley. Want to look around? But don't touch anything. Try it out. The panel on your right is for log entries, library computer access and retrieval, view-screen control and intercom. - Here we have... - The backup conn and ops panels, plus shield and armament controls. Hm. The forward view screen is controlled from the ops position there. Which uses high-resolution, multi-spectral imaging sensors. How the hell do you know that, boy? Perimeter alert, captain. - Wesley. - I'm sorry. - You shouldn't have touched anything. - Get off the Bridge. Both of you. You have a perimeter alert, sir. As my son tried to tell you. Picard. Go ahead. Ship's sensors have detected the presence of a vessel approaching this planet. No ship is scheduled to arrive at this time, sir. Have Commander Riker and his team beam back up. Security, could that be the Hood returning here? The vessel does not match the Hood's configuration or ID signal. Put it on main viewer. Identification? Vessel unknown, configuration unknown, sir. Hail it. We've been trying, sir. No response. Raise all shields, phasers at ready. Shields up, sir, phasers ready. Get me Groppler Zorn. And continue universal greetings on all frequencies. This is Zorn, captain. Zorn, an unidentified vessel has entered into orbit with us. Do you know who it is? There are no ships scheduled to arrive until... I asked you if you knew who it is. You mentioned the Ferengi Alliance to me. But we've had no dealings with them. It was only a thought. - Are you certain? - I promise you, captain. We were making an empty threat. I wanted your cooperation. Forgive me. Definitely entering orbital trajectory, sir. It measures 12 times our volume, captain. Sensors say we were just scanned, sir. Pain again? Troi, you've been at it enough. No. I feel close to an answer of some kind. Commander, something down here is shielding our communicators. Yes, that's exactly the feeling I've been reading, as if someone doesn't want us to be in touch with our ship. Come on, let's get to the surface. There is no computer record of any such vessel, sir. Nothing even close. Still no response, sir. We've done everything but threaten them. Sensor scans, Mr. Worf. Our sensor signals just seem to bounce off. Something's happening, sir. - They're firing on Farpoint, sir. - Bring photon torpedoes to ready. Wait, sir. They're hitting the old Bandi city, not Farpoint Station. Those stairs are where we entered down here, sir. At this point it becomes ordinary stone, sir. Matching what's above. My God, was that a phaser blast? Negative, but something similar. You, Tasha, Geordi will beam up to the ship now. Come on. I wanna see exactly what's happening. Don't! If you should be hurt... You have your orders, lieutenant. Carry them out. Yes, sir. I'm sorry, sir. Enterprise, three to beam up. Enterprise. Enterprise, come in. Help us, please! What shall we do? Enterprise, help us, please! Tune that down. Commander Riker, come in. Can you hear me? Riker to Enterprise, come in. Commander Riker, come in. Where are you? With Data, on the edge of the old city, sir. It's being hit hard, sir. And Farpoint Station, any damage there? Negative on damage to Farpoint, sir. Whoever they are, they're avoiding hitting the station. It's from an unidentified vessel that's entered into orbit with us here. No ID, no answer to our signals. The old Bandi city's being hit hard, sir. - Many casualties very probable. - Understand, commander. Would you object to your captain ordering a clearly illegal kidnapping? No objection, sir. Groppler Zorn may have the answers we need. Get him. Bring him here. Aye, sir. They're forcing a very difficult decision on me, counselor. But I doubt protecting the Bandi would violate the Prime Directive. True, they are not actual allies, but... We are in the midst of diplomatic discussions with them. Lieutenant, lock phasers on that vessel. Phasers locked on, captain. Typical. So typical. Savage life-forms never follow even their own rules. Get off my Bridge. Interesting, that order about phasers. Standing by on phasers, captain. Please, don't let me interfere. Use your weapons. We've no idea of who is on that vessel. My order was a routine safety precaution. Really? No idea what it represents? The meaning of that vessel is as plain, as plain as the noses on your ugly little primate faces. And if you were truly civilized, captain, wouldn't you be doing something about the casualties happening down there? Captain to CMO, are you reading any of this? Medical team is already preparing to beam down, captain. Compliments on that, doctor. Any questions? Starfleet people are trained to render aid and assistance whenever... But not trained in clear thinking. Let's consider your thoughts. You call us savages and yet, you knew those people down there were going to be killed. It is your conduct that is uncivilized. Sir, they're firing on the planet again. Go to maneuvering jets. Position us between that vessel and the planet. - Forcefields full on. - Aye, sir. Impulse power to... We have no ship control, sir. It's gone. Are you undamaged? Yes. You? All systems operating. Please. Make it stop. You can drive it away. Drive who away, Groppler? - I don't know. - Unlikely, sir. Our records show you supervised all Bandi contact with other worlds. We've done nothing wrong. Then if we can learn nothing from you, we'll leave. No. Oh, no, please, don't leave. I'll try to explain. First Officer to Enterprise. We've lost Zorn. Something like a transporter beam seems to have snatched him away. Question, sir. Could it be this Q? None of you knows who transported him. You're running out of time, captain. Captain. Suddenly I'm sensing something else. Satisfaction. Enormous satisfaction. - From same source as before? - No. That was on the planet. This is much closer. Excellent, counselor. He's such a dullard, isn't he? Captain, from transporter room. First officer and Mr. Data have beamed aboard. Excellent also. Perhaps with more of these little minds helping... That is enough, damn it! Have you forgotten that we have an agreement? An agreement which you are, at this moment, breaking by taking over our vessel, interfering with my decisions. Either leave or finish us! Temper, temper, mon capitaine. I'm merely trying to assist a pitiful species. But perhaps I will leave, if Commander Riker provides me with some amusement. Do nothing that he asks. But I ask so little. And it's so necessary if you're to solve all this. Beam over there with your... What do you call it? You're away team? I'll risk none of my crew on that unknown. You should already know what you'll find there. Or perhaps it's too adult a puzzle for you. With all respect, captain, I want to beam over there. You show promise, my good fellow. Have you understood any part of what he's tried to tell you? Humanity is no longer a savage race. But you must still prove that. At least you impressed him, Number One. That's hopeful. Thank you, captain. Captain, if he's not open to evidence in our favor, where will you go from there? I'll attend to my duty. To the bitter end? I see nothing so bitter about that. Can I help you, captain? I, uh... I didn't want you thinking me harsh, cold-blooded. Why, oh, why would I ever think that? I didn't welcome you aboard personally, professionally. I made you come to me on the Bridge, I yelled at your son. Who, as you pointed out, was quite correct. He does seem to have a very good grasp of starship operations. You've just won this mother's heart, captain. Ah. But, uh... Now, your assignment here, I would consider and approve a transfer for you. Oh. Do you consider me unqualified? Hardly. Your service record shows you're just the chief medical officer I want. Then you must object to me personally. I'm trying to be considerate of your feelings, doctor. For you to work with a commanding officer who would continually remind you of a terrible personal tragedy. If I had had any objections to serving with you, I wouldn't have requested this assignment, captain. You requested this posting? My feelings about my husband's death will have no affect on the way I serve you, this vessel or this mission. Ah. Then welcome aboard, doctor. Riker to Picard. We're ready to beam over, sir. I hope we can be friends. Thank you. Phasers on stun. Energize. Most interesting, sir. It's the same construction we saw in the underground tunnel. But no sound of power. No equipment. How does this ship run? What is it, Troi? Is it the same as you felt down there? No. This is much more powerful. Full of anger... - hate. - Toward us? No. It's directed down toward the old Bandi city. Most intriguing again, sir. The place that this vessel was firing upon was not the Farpoint Starbase, but the home of those who constructed... Sorry, sir. I seem to be commenting on everything. Good. Don't stop, my friend. Enterprise, Riker. This is turning out to be a very long tunnel or corridor, sir. No ship's crew in sight. No sign of mechanism or circuitry. No controls or readouts. This is nothing like any vessel I've seen before. Groppler Zorn, sir. And great fear just ahead. There's a different feeling here than in the tunnel. Very different. No! Please! No more, please! No more! Please! Make it stop the pain! Please. Please. Make it stop the pain. No! Please! No more! Please, no more! - Please! Make it stop the pain! Ah! - Zorn, can you hear me? No! - Has the alien communicated? - No. Please. Please. - Please, no more! - That's it, sir. - No, no more! - It's just one alien I'm sensing here. Please. I don't understand what it wants! - Not true, he does know. - No, please! No more! Please. No more! Oh, no. No! Don't! Don't! Don't! Captain! Transporter chief, yank them back now. Riker, acknowledge. Your time is up, captain. Transporter chief, do you have their coordinates? - Transporter chief. - He can't hear you, captain. Transporter chief, come in. I have people in trouble over there, Q. Everyone at ease. That's an order. Q, my people are in trouble. Let me help them, please. I'll do whatever you say. You'll do whatever I say. It seems I did make that bargain. The agreement isn't valid, sir. It wasn't Q that saved us. Save yourself. It may attack you now. It was that which sent us back, captain. Yes, sir. It is not merely a vessel, somehow it is alive. She lies. Destroy it while you have a chance. Make phasers and photon torpedoes ready. No. Do nothing he demands. Captain, that thing was killing my people. - Was there a reason? - It is an unknown, captain. Isn't that enough? If you had earned that uniform you're wearing, you'd know that the unknown is what brings us out here. Wasted effort, considering human intelligence. Let's test that. Beginning with the tunnels you have under Farpoint, Groppler. Identical to those on the space vessel life-form over there. Why was it punishing you, Groppler? In return for some pain you'd given another creature? We've done nothing wrong. It was injured, we helped it. Thank you. That was the missing element. Lieutenant Yar, rig main phaser banks to deliver an energy beam. - Aye, sir. - You're right, captain. It has to be conceivable that somewhere in this galaxy, there could exist creatures able to convert energy into matter. And into specific patterns of matter, just as our transporters do. On the viewer, captain. Groppler. You captured something like that, didn't you? Warn my people, please, to leave Farpoint Station immediately. He lies, captain. Shouldn't you let his people die? Transmit the message: "Leave Farpoint Space Station immediately." Then it was a pair of creatures I was sensing. One down there in grief and pain, the other up here filled with anger. And firing not on the new space station, but on the Bandi and their city. Attacking those who had captured... Captured its mate. Energy beam ready, sir. Lock it in on Farpoint Station. I see now it was too simple a puzzle. Generosity has always been my weakness. Let it have whatever it can absorb. Energize. Now getting feedback on the beam, sir. Discontinue. Groppler Zorn, there'll soon be no Farpoint Station, if I'm right about this. A lucky guess. Please believe me, we meant no harm to the creature. It was starving for energy. Which your world furnishes you in plenty. - And we did feed it. - But only enough to keep it alive so that you could force it to shape itself into whatever form you needed. Sir. It's wonderful. A feeling of great joy. And gratitude. Great joy and gratitude. From both of them. Why do you use other life-forms for your recreation? - If so, you've not provided the best... - Leave us. We've passed your little test. Temper, temper, mon capitaine. Get off my ship. I do so only because it suits me to leave. But I will not promise never to appear again. Captain's log, stardate 41174.2. The agreement for the rebuilding of Farpoint Station has been completed per my instructions. - All stations? - Ready for departure, sir. Some problem, Riker? Just hoping this isn't the usual way our missions will go, sir. Oh, no, Number One. I'm sure most will be much more interesting. Let's see what's out there. Engage. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 