Lion Pride: Season 1, Episode 7 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Lion Pride 
 s1e7 - Episode #1.7 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Lion Pride (2017–…): Season 1, Episode 7 - Episode #1.7 - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Even Teacher Si-te got an anonymous letter. I'm also instructed by someone do you know that? I planted a bomb in your tutorial class. Chiang-wei disappeared, -maybe she's still at the tutorial class? -Chiang-wei. Twenty-three years ago, Yen Chang-tai and I committed the robbery at Wang family residence. At that time he planned to double-cross me. Please say things clearly. Boss Sheng-li, we will just be doing robbery, right? Based on a reliable source, 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 no one will be there tonight. Yen-pa. Don't be so nervous, okay? Chan Ting-hsuan, stealing antique is a big crime. I am always careful when I do these kinds of things. Yen-pa, don't you worry. We are doing this together with the police. You're only opening the safety deposit box. He said something about working together with the police. But in the end, we still got in trouble. After we left the Wang family residence, we agreed to escape on our own, then meet at the abandoned warehouse to split the stolen goods. Hei-gui and I went together. Hsiao Chan, where are the others? 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Don't panic, let's just wait here for a while. Let's wait for the boss here. Hsiao Chan. Yen-pa. I'm here. Chief is not here yet? Don't wait for the chief anymore, just split the stolen goods. I'll handle the chief's share, just hurry and go. I don't know who suddenly fired a shot, but I think... it must have been Yen-pa. Because only this scumbag can think of double-crossing us. Boss! Yen-pa fired a gun, he double-crossed us. Hsiao Chan, don't talk nonsense. Be careful or I'll kill you! Hsiao Chan! -Fucking Yen-pa! -Don't move. You just want to take all the stolen goods. I got caught because of the shot that Yen-pa fired. That's why I cannot move. -Hsiao Chan, quick run! -Let me carry you. -Let's go! -You hurry and go! You won't be able to run fast if you carry me. Just hurry and run, Hei-gui! Hurry! Hurry and run! If it wasn't for the show he fired, I won't be jailed for 23 years. If it was you... wouldn't you think of seeking for revenge too? I know you killed a person, and you ruined someone's family. You dying a thousand times is not enough, but you're still trying to justify what you've done? No, I should die. But am I the only one who should die? During that time, five of us committed the crime. For the past 20 plus years, were you able to arrest the others involved? Did you find them? Chan Ting-hsuan, don't change the topic. It's been more than 20 years already, it's already past the arrest period. Do you have any other evidence to use against the remaining accomplices? If none, then you better behave and shut up. You've been in jail for more than 20 years but you still insist in the wrong way. Prosecutor, what you said is not true. For the past 20 years, I have seriously reflected on my life. But regarding this one, for 20 plus years, I still cannot accept what happened. I came out, I also want to have a good life, But coincidentally, I bumped into him. Heaven gave me a chance to seek revenge. Someone like you seeking revenge? You seek revenge based on what? -Strong. -You're right. I'm the bad guy. You're on the righteous side. You think you're so great, why don't you look for the mastermind? The police officer who planned everything, that Chief. -Chan Ting-hsuan! -Go search! Oh, that's right. He's already dead. Why say he's dead? Why say he's dead? Chiang-ta, you have to calm down! -Do you have any proof? -Chiang-ta, calm down! -Say it! -Don't you fall into his trick! -He's taunting you. -Say it! You have to calm down, he's taunting you. Don't get fooled. Calm down. You have to calm down first. Calm down first. Your friend has an anger management problem. Chan Ting-hsuan indeed deserves to die, but you should not use force on him. After all, he's a criminal. Your action gave me a hard time, do you know that? How will I cover for you in the future? Also, use your mind to think. What Chan Ting-hsuan said, how many percent of that is credible? Are you all right? Thank you. I'll ask Old Yen and clear things up. Wang Chiang-ta. You are acting impulsively, this will only alert the enemy. Can you calm down first? Okay. I will have to bother you for now, then. Don't worry about it, I will handle it. Is Chiang-wei, okay? I heard she's a bit better. I'll go and check on her. Come in. Hi, Chiang-wei. -Professor Si-te. -How are you feeling? I'm feeling a lot better. The doctor said I can go home tomorrow. That's great. This here, Old Yen told me to bring this to you. This is so rare. What do you want to eat? I'll help you peel them. -It looks expensive. -Right. This can't be right. That's it? That's it. Old Yen is really unbelievable. I still want to thank him. With the bomb incident at the tutorial class, for sure he lost a lot of money. Chiang-wei, tomorrow you'll be out of here. You should eat a good meal to ward off bad luck. Tomorrow Hsiao Tieh and I will have dinner, do you want to join? Finally, I will have good food and Hsiao Tieh will be there. Of course, I want to go. Hsiao Tieh cares for you so much. When you were sent to the hospital, he almost left his work to come with you. Are you two in a relationship? What are you thinking? He only cares for me as a friend. Let me tell you, although he usually looks serious, he's actually a very thoughtful guy. Did I misinterpret it? Also, I think the two of you look good together. -You also feel that way? -Yes. You see, both of you are so tall. Also, the guy is handsome and the girl pretty. Do you want to think about it? I think it's quite good. -Chiang-ta. -You don't have class tonight? I have no class tonight. At first, Old Yen was supposed to come. But before he left, the police suddenly came and invited him over to talk. He then told me to bring fruits over. Looks like Hsiao Tieh is starting to investigate. When I was young my mom had a jewelry box, and when I opened it the music is exactly the same as this. -No kidding? -It's true. My mom had a jewelry box, when I opened it, it's this music too. -Really? -Yes. That's such a coincidence. Hi, Prosecutor Tieh. -Hello. -Hello. Are you okay with the coffee here? It's very good. Thank you. Chan Ting-hsuan said here, that you were involved in the robbery, killing case 23 years ago. -Really? -Yes. That's strange, I... By the way, Chan Ting-hsuan has expressed that if you come here, if it is necessary, he will be willing to cooperate. He... Why did he bring this thing up? So you admit your involvement in this case? I only stole the things. During that time, my expertise is to open the safety deposit box. During that time, I was quite famous for that. Someone asked me to steal some antiques. They said that the pay would be sky-high. With so much money on the line, who won't be tempted? So I joined. Boss Sheng-li is the one who invited me to join. I only saw the chief that day at the Wang family residence. He had his mask on, so I didn't know who he was. So the chief is really a police officer? I saw the gun he had with him, it was a police gun, so he should be a police officer. Earlier you mentioned, the one who led you, that Boss Sheng-li, who is this Boss Sheng-li? Boss. The boss's name is... Ma-sha. He's quite powerful in that area. Continue, and then? Hei-gui is on the lookout outside. Me, Boss, Chief, and Hsiao Chan went inside the house. Boss Sheng-li, we will be rich now. This place is so grand. This family is in the antique business, can't you see that everything here are high-class antiques. Safety deposit box is on the second floor. At first, it was an empty house robbery, but after a while, the owners of the house came back, -and bumped into Hsiao Chan. -Who are you? From the other side, I can hear the sounds of a fight. So I ran over to take a look, and then, I saw the lady owner calling the police. What else can I do? I went over to stop her. Hsiao Chan, what are you doing? Fu-yi! Who opened fire? Boss Sheng-li, why did you open fire? No one expected that someone would get killed. Boss and Hsiao Chan, set the house on fire. My goodness, I was scared to death. I ran away. We ran separately towards the meeting place. We haven't split the stolen goods, then someone opened fire. Chan Ting-hsuan kept saying I'm the one who fired the gun. Why would I use a gun? He's insane. Where would I get a gun? The police arrived so quickly. I had no choice, I escaped. I'm only a thief. Someone died and it had nothing to do with me, so of course, I ran. Right? -Please wait a minute. -Thank you. We just have to wait to get your medicine. Chiang-ta. Did you notice that yesterday Dorothy filed for a leave? What? The Dorothy from Midnight Sky. Do you know why she went on leave? Why? Because... she is confined at the hospital. This joke is not funny. Because I already know that you are Dorothy. Oh, you're so bad. You knew already. Why didn't you say so? Congratulations you're discharged now. You even have a gift. Indeed, a treatment only for Tao Le-ssu. EXPERT IN TELLING JOKES What kind of gift is this? Though I think your jokes are funny, but ordinary audience might not think that way. As a radio host, you should capture the interest of the audience. Okay. Thank you. Hsiao Tieh slept in the office again? Yes, he's been very busy lately. Hopefully can see him soon I have something to ask him. Later, I'll have to go back to the tutorial class, I think you better go back to your room and take a rest. That can't happen, for sure the students are in shock. I should comfort them. At this point in time, you still want to be a good teacher? Yes. Do whatever you want. I tidied the place before I went out. But right now, the pillow is not at its original place. The carpet is also lifted at the corner. Also, the floor has foot prints. Someone came in with their shoes on. Hi. How come you're here again? I came to congratulate you for helping the police catch the criminal. Really my man is so handsome. What are you doing here? Me? At first, I wanted to give you a surprise, but I got surprised instead. Are you living in with Wang Chiang-wei? But after I see your interaction with her, I'm a little relieved, because you are in separate rooms. So I suppose, this didn't develop into anything more than friends? This is none of your business. Let me remind you, you came here illegally. If you don't go, I will call the police on you. This is your home, why are you moving so discreetly? I know, you're afraid she'll find out, right? Lower down your voice. I guessed it right. Let me tell you, as of the moment I still think you have a word of honor. Last time, you only used a fake gun sound and smoke, and didn't hurt anyone. So I'll give you one last chance, leave immediately. So you understand me? If not, do you like me? What are you doing? You are so violent, be more gentle with me. Chiang-ta, who are you talking to? No one. Get out. Wang Chiang-ta. -What are you doing? -Nothing. Why are you playing hide and seek? -Is there anything at your back? -Nothing. EXPERT IN TELLING JOKES This is quite funny. I think this book you gave me is quite good. There are many funny jokes. Look at this. Don't you think it's funny? Chiang-wei, why do you want to be called Tao Le-ssu? This is related to my favorite fairytale. Dorothy, from The Wizard of Oz, left Kansas and went to Oz World. Along the journey, she met the mindless Scarecrow and the Tin Woodman without a heart. Also, the Cowardly Lion. So they started the journey together, and in the end, they all got what they wanted. So that's why. So I'm not just the stingy Sherlock, I'm also the Cowardly Lion? This look... is it... Dorothy from Kansas. Finish drinking your medicines. Please drink all the water. -You can only read the book after eating. -Okay. Strange. Uncle Hsun said he likes Dorothy very much. How come its different from what I imagined? Isn't he supposed to be very touched? Is it because of the Dark Queen? CHANG-TAI TUTORIAL CLASS Trial listening class, okay. Yes, no problem. It's good. Sorry, okay, no problem. Okay, bye. Where's Niu Niu? Oh, Niu Niu, she went to buy my soya milk. -Have you eaten? -Not yet. We didn't come here for the soya. The two of you look serious. Did you come here to enroll for the summer class? We're here to investigate the case. We're here to gather evidence for the bomb threat case. We're here to gather evidence for the bomb threat case. Please cooperate with us, okay? Call the one in charge here. Quickly. I'm the one in charge here for today. Old Yen is not here. I'm the substitute class supervisor. Very good. Fei, check him first, bring him to the restroom. You, come with me. Hey, Jie. -Fei! -Fei! Sorry, the restroom is that way. I'll take you there. You take charge here. I'll go there for a while. Hsiao Tieh. -You still have to work today? -Hi. Isn't today supposed to be your rest day? Because there's a new development with the case, as the prosecutor we have to make good use of the time. So do you want to postpone the date tonight? You might be too busy? Actually, there's no need to, because after gathering the evidence, I'll be free by then. Don't you worry, I'll definitely be there tonight. And I won't be late. Don't worry. Chiang-wei? You just got discharged but you'll be working now? You should rest for one more day, okay? -Right. -I feel better already. Also, I'm worried about my students so I want to see them. The big cat has a loving heart. -So? -You came here, that means there's been a development with Old Yen's case? We're still gathering evidence, I will tell you more soon. Why would there be evidence in the tutorial class? -Because-- -That... I'll borrow Hsiao Tieh first. I have something very important to ask him. I'll return him later. What is it? It's not convenient to say it here. Not convenient? Okay let's go over there and we can talk there. -Let's go. -Okay, no problem. Okay, let's go. That's why... I think... Why is she looking for him? I don't know. Come here. What happened that we have to be secretive? That... -Let me ask you. -Yeah. Is Kuan Ching-ching the Dark Queen? So this is what you want to ask? Yes. Where did you get that idea? I... I actually don't know as to who is Dark Queen is, but I can firmly tell you that it is impossible to be Kuan Ching-ching. Awesome. I even thought that it was her. The very important thing you mentioned earlier, is about this thing? Why do you want to know as to who the Dark Queen is? Because... Because Kuan Ching-ching is a wanted criminal. Right, so if Chiang-ta continues interacting with her, nothing good will come out of it. I'm just showing concern as a friend, that's why I thought of asking you. Concern of a friend. Very good. Actually, Wang Chiang-ta has never seen the face of Dark Queen. So no one knows her real identity. But how come there's a person who can't forget a person he did not even meet yet? Are they online friends? No, Wang Chiang-ta is just a maniac, he likes those mysterious women. You also know that his attitude is strange. Don't you tell Wang Chiang-ta, I told you this, okay? Boss, I have something to... Miss Chiang-wei, there's something I have kept in my heart that I have been wanting to tell you. -What is it? -Are you free tonight? She's not free, she's very busy. Also, your expression is like of a maniac. How is it? Did Tseng Jen-i get all the information? I finished gathering it. We're ready to pack up and leave. -You've worked hard. -No worries. You see those many birds? Yes, what is it? Is it my turn now? -Okay, then. -Okay. Returned to you. Let's talk at the station it's not convenient to talk here. Don't forget our date. -Also my date. -No date for you and her. Okay, let's go. Fei let's go what are you doing? Bye-bye. How much do you know about Chief? He has a mask on, and then, once we went inside the house we did our own moves. Do our own tasks and we didn't talk much. And then, we go on our own to the meeting place. I didn't see him appear too. Then later, I watched the news and they said, that a police officer died outside the warehouse where we were supposed to split the stolen goods. I think that's the Chief. Does he know what he's talking about? Someone killed my father, how could my father be the Chief? Based on Old Yen's testimony, he actually doesn't know who the Chief is. Hsiao Tieh Did you compare this with Old Yen's testimony? Is this person credible? I already compared both testimonies, and a big part of it matched with each other. Also in the past, Chan Ting-hsuan does not want to talk about their boss. But because Old Yen admitted things, that's the reason why he started to talk. Based on my judgment, the statements given are believable. Also their leader, that Boss Ma-sha, we investigated more about him and found that he has already been dead for ten years. But I still requested from the court a search warrant, and indeed in Ma-sha's house, we found an old gun. And that gun has already been sent to the Forensic Center for checking. If the result came out that the gun is the same gun used in the criminal case, then we will have a new evidence. With new evidence and witnesses, then we can re-open that case. For the past few years, we had no clue at all. Actually, sometimes I think that this case is not having any developments. I didn't expect that this day would come. Hsiao Tieh. Thank you. What are you being sentimental for? It feels a bit strange. We're like brothers so don't thank me. Here. That year, I decided to be a prosecutor. Half of it is because of you. Police have arrested the bomb criminal. The suspect, Chan has been arrested. The affected tutorial class is within the school zone, it's not a big tutorial class. Fortunately, there were no casualties or else the outcome would have been extreme. Boss, I'm sorry. I only wanted you to think of a way for Si-te to leave the tutorial class. You created an anonymous letter, created different issues. You have to know clearly that she is my daughter. I thought using this method will let Ms. Lien give up on the teaching profession. That's why it's all my fault, I ruined the plan, but I guarantee that I will make this go in the right direction. Let me warn you, if Si-te were to suffer even a little, you know very well what the result would be. Yes. -Uncle Hsun. -Yes. I saw the news regarding your tutorial class. -Is everything good now? -Yes. Luckily, it didn't become a big tragedy, but Chiang-wei got injured. She has been discharged from the hospital, so everything is okay now. As long as it's okay now. So the one who planted the bomb is that Chan Ting-hsuan. He came to look for Old Yen to seek revenge about their old rift. What old rift? Old Yen is one of the accomplices before, at that time his nickname is Yen-pa. So he is Yen-pa? Uncle Hsun, you also know Yen-pa? At that time I was the one in charge of this case. How will I not know? At that time he doesn't want to admit anything. He only said that there's an accomplice named Yen-pa. I never would have thought that Old Yen is one of the accomplices before. He's even the boss of the tutorial class. Yes. I don't even know how to face him. Thinking of the accomplices from before they are now living such a good life. He even said that Dad is the Chief. I really don't know what these people said, and how they will taint my father's clean name. Chiang-ta. Do you think about the people who committed the crime, about what they think about in their heart? Every day upon waking up, regretting the criminal acts one did, and want to make some changes, but no one wants to support him. This kind of conscience debt, forever is not even enough to pay for it. But I think these criminals should pay the price for it. The pain they gave the victim will never be able to make up for it. Here, you haven't eaten this for a long time? I tried a few times and cooked it like how your mom did. Is it 90% similar now? Yes. I think your mom would not want you to torment yourself, just like Dorothy from the station mentioned, she got burned by fire before. But can still tell corny jokes and spread happiness. That is Dorothy, I'm the Cowardly Lion. I heard Hsiao Ching said at the tutorial class that everybody called you the "Lion King Wang Chiang-ta Teacher." This Lion and Dorothy are destined. Actually, the biggest courage is not who is the fiercest, but it's to forgive. Your husband is a corrupt police officer. Robberies and killings. His son won't be a good one too. My dad didn't kill anyone! My dad is not corrupt! I don't need this kind of courage. After my father died, I didn't live a good life, then my mom left too. At that time, I felt that my dad is innocent. I went to so many places. I went to the police station, to publishing companies, I went everywhere. But in the end, I left like Mom kept on stopping me, to the point that I felt that she gave up. Your mom wants you to live a normal life. Sometimes when I think about my mom, it felt like she believed in what is being said about my dad, and felt that dad is a corrupt police officer. It seems that in this world, I'm the only one who believes in Dad's innocence, Uncle Hsun, you believe that Dad is innocent, right? Wang Chiang-ta you don't know how to answer the mobile phone? Is that a fashion accessory? Uncle Hsun. Chiang-ta. Why don't you go with me somewhere? Where? We have a serious matter to do. Hurry and come with me. ZHAN STRAIGHT FIRE KITCHEN How was it? Not bad. This restaurant looks good. Something's not right. Why are you treating me? You look quite thin recently, I brought you here to enjoy some food, okay? -Cheer up. -Tell the truth. No, actually, I'm going to have dinner with Si-te tonight, and I don't know her really well. So, at least since you two are colleagues, talking this way will be less awkward, right? I want to help you, but the truth is Si-te and I have nothing to talk about. Just think of it as you coming with me, okay? Previously, you said I'm trying to hook up with young girls or whatever, saying I'm not loyal to Chiang-wei. Let me ask you if Si-te is a young girl? Si-te teaches English. -So that's an English, young girl. -English teacher. Still a young girl. If you are loyal to Chiang-wei and do not have ill intentions to Si-te, -why should you be afraid? -I... Also, I just ate at Uncle Hsun's place. You have a big appetite, don't you? The food you ate earlier was not enough for you. Let me tell you, today is my treat. Whatever you want to order. Got it Okay, since I'm a little hungry. -Also, the food looks delicious. -Let's go! -Chiang-wei, you came too? -Chiang-wei, you came too? -Chiang-ta, you came too? -Chiang-ta, you came too? Take a seat. Chiang-wei you can sit here. No. Teacher Si-te, you go inside first. -What brought you here Chiang-wei? -I accompanied Teacher Si-te. That's why she should be the one sitting in front of you. I'll sit in front of Wang Chiang-ta. Chiang-ta. Can I swap places with you? Are we not all seated already? Are you cold? There's no wind. Good. Very good. His really only has Chiang-wei in his eyes. Why did you come here to be a third wheel? You're the same, aren't you? You look very pretty tonight. Do I usually look bad? No. What I mean is you usually look amazing. It's just that... -tonight the style is different, right? -Okay. I advise you not to join the conversation, because you definitely won't be able to say anything good. You know what I'm going to say again? You'll definitely say... Oh, right, the color of your coat is different today. Pretty much. I knew it. We can order now. Hello, what do you want to order? This one. You're exaggerating! You eat that much? I want this. Okay, what do the two of you want? Same as her, I'll order this. How about you, sir? What do you want to order? Just give me the cheapest one. And the annoying thing about living at home is that every day my dad would arrange a blind date for me. What era are we living in now? We're still doing blind dates. That's why for me love is, "Hormones responsible for love at first sight. Dopamine decides on forever. Adrenaline decides if they will make a move or not. Pride decides who would talk first." You can even make a poem. I can even make music. But if it was Wang Chiang-ta, for his feelings and desires, -I suppose his biggest desire is food. -Wrong. He desires meat the most. Yes. I don't want to get hungry. In my life the only thing I can't put down is the chopsticks, sometimes a spoon and fork. We talked about relationships and you talked about food. Don't you have any taste? Are we not eating? Wang Chiang-ta. -Do you always eat alone? -Yes. A person with a big appetite like him, who can eat as much as him? Do you know that he has a nickname? He's called a Lonely Big Appetite Monster. Also called a Big Fat Dork. But he's not. -You're very thin. -Chiang-ta. But do you think that if someone is by your side eating with you, just like what he said earlier those dopamine whatever stuff, will it make the food yummier? Like me, I don't like eating by myself. I think a food is good or not depending on their flavor. I really hope I will have a boyfriend to eat with me, but I don't have one. You stop joking! -You don't have a boyfriend? -It's true, I'm not lying to you. That's impossible! You have good qualities. You almost don't have a flaw. -For sure you're too picky. -I do have flaws. But... Okay, there are some choices but I don't like them much. Do you have anyone you like now? She sent out a high flying ball. Do I accept it? -Chiang-ta! -Is it delicious? Chiang-ta, help me! It's delicious. I'll also share one to you. Here you can have this one. I ate too much pork earlier. I want to eat some salad. You want to eat salad, let's order one. There's no need. -I only want to eat your salad, really. -Don't be ridiculous. I'll order a new one for you. There was an emergency situation earlier, someone almost had a home run. You still didn't help me. Are we even brothers? What emergency? What home run? Do you have a hole on your brain or you ate too much and lacked oxygen? Why are you so strange today? You're the strange one. Who are you calling strange? This stupid Hsiao Tieh. Can't you see that they like each other? Okay, I'll also eat pork then. You're a bit strange today. You're exaggerating. I finished everything. Their food is quite good. Right? I felt that it's quite special. But I'm really sorry I made you pay for the food, I... If you really feel sorry, next time you have to treat me back. Don't let me wait too long. Okay -Hey, Hsiao Tieh. -What? Don't you think that Chiang-wei and Chiang-ta's relationship seems good? People who don't know them will think they are a couple. Really? I think their interactions seems like ordinary friends. Or rather close colleagues. It's not just me. All the people in the tutorial class think they are together. I think that's very good, they look good together. No. They can't be together. -Why they can't be together? -Right. I think that Chiang... Chiang-ta-- You're afraid to be left out? You're afraid of them if they are together. It's okay. We can also be together. This way the four of us can go out for dinner just like tonight. I think in the future we should go out and have dinner often, this way our relationship will be good. Right, then... Hsiao Tieh, are you ready? Chiang-wei, let's go. Thank you... for today. Don't make me wait for too long. I won't. -Bye. -Bye. -Teacher Si-te, bye. -Bye. Bye. Wait. Hsiao Tieh, you are living with Chiang-ta. Then, Chiang-wei you also live on that side? -Right now, I'm roommates with them. -What? So right now, the three of you all live together? Yes. YEN CHANG-TAI OLD YEN CHIEF? POLICE? CONFIRMED ITS POLICE CHAN TING-HSUAN GUN SHOOTING, REVENGE Chan Ting-hsuan kept saying that Old Yen shot him. But Old Yen insisted that he doesn't have a gun. Also, when Chan Ting-hsuan was arrested, he didn't mention any other accomplices except for Old Yen. Now, Old Yen mentioned this person. And in turn pointed to Ma-sha. It seems that they agreed upon it. WANG HSIAO WEI She luckily survived during that time. I wonder how she is now? I can't move on. For sure, it must be harder for her. Hair dryer. You didn't put it back after using it. For sure it's in here. -Hsiao Tieh -Yes? Old Yen said that the police officer in this case is a real officer, right? Do you have a way... to investigate about who at that time... were directly or indirectly involved? Do you want to be the police chief? Or open up a detective agency? Don't always give me a hard problem. All of these will have to be investigated privately. Okay, I will help you investigate. Great. Thanks, brother. It's always in situations like this that I'm a brother. Tonight, I kept asking for your help. Didn't you see it? -Tonight? -Yes. Isn't it eat and chat? What's wrong? What happened? Why do I need to help you? You're really so foolish and so innocent. You better mind your case and eat good food. As for the temple of love, don't mind it anymore. Hair dryer. Thank you. Boss, have some pork knuckles noodles to get rid of bad luck. Pork knuckles noodles. Okay, here. That's good. Thank you. -Boss, welcome back. -Thank you. Teacher Chiang-wei he did not come back from Hawaii. -Why the wreath? -Welcome back -It's okay. -Thank you. Thank you, everyone. Thank you to all the teachers. Before, I really was a boss who was a bit stingy. It's very... -That's right. -Right. In other to thank all of you, I have decided that this year we will definitely have... a company outing. Only Chiang-wei believes me? I'm telling the truth. You always said that, -but it never happened. -You're always lying. Say where do you want to go? -I want to go to the Maldives. -Italy. Paris one vote. Okay, all these locations can be considered, like going to Italy World. -See? You're still the same. -We should start from here first, okay? -Liar! -Take it slow. Chiang-wei, where do you want to go? I want to go to Northern Europe to see the northern lights! -I want to go too! -I also want to go! -Northern lights? -Let's all go! Let's all go because it's a company outing. -Wang... -Let's decide on this. -Boss. -Yes? There's someone coming from behind you. -Let's book it now so we can make it. -Li Ta-shih! What are you doing here? -You also came to celebrate for me? -Dream on! Miss Si-te, I especially came here to apologize to you. In the past, if I have offended you in any way, it's all my fault. I have already reflected on it, it's all my fault. Miss Lien, you're the bigger person with a forgiving heart. Will you please forgive us? And also, can you please tell your dad that you don't blame us anymore? Is that all right? Did my dad tell you to come here? Here's a little gift from me. Please, Miss Lien, say something nice about me to your dad. When he runs for congressman, I guarantee him that my tutorial classes will all vote for him. What are you doing? Everybody is happy for our boss. Why are you not celebrating with us? I'm not the one who opened the tutorial class, I'm also not the one who got threatened, the situation has already come to an end, there's nothing to celebrate about. Why do you talk like that? Everybody has worked here for a long time. Our boss is also considered as our friend. Okay. Even if you don't to be happy for our boss, but you also have to think what if... what if the bomb exploded? How many innocent victims will there be? Tell me to be happy for Old Yen, I really can't do it. But if it's for the public, then we should be happy about it. Why say it that way? To be happy for me is also good, I'm also an innocent victim here. Chiang-ta, to be honest, I really have to thank you. Because of your help Chan Ting-hsuan has been caught. Or else, I really wouldn't know what would happen to us. Thank you. You opened this tutorial class, how much money do you earn? Chan Ting-hsuan, that kind of killer, came for you, even though you're not that big of a boss. He didn't blackmail other people, but why would he blackmail you? Don't tell me you know each other personally? How should I know? He looked for me. I didn't have a choice. I'll treat you to dinner. That's right. After a few days, I'll treat you. Last time you didn't come to the party, this time you must come. Hello? Yes. Right now? Okay, I'll go there. Thank you. Where are you going? There's an emergency. What's with Chiang-ta? After I came back from the prosecutor office, he didn't look at me directly. Oh, I almost forgot. Prosecutor Tieh is Chiang-ta's good friend. Maybe Chiang-ta already knows everything. Oh, my. Boss. Don't be sad. He's just that kind of person, sharp tongue but with a soft heart. Just tell me the time and place, -I'll make sure to bring him there. -Good. A person really cannot make one wrong step. I've already come clean for the past 20 years. In the end, something still happened. This jade, is a portion of a specific jade Guanyin piece. After checking, it should be from the jade Guanyin in this picture. Why do you find it so important for me to verify this jade? Mister, I... This jade is very important to me. I still want to seek your advice. Do you know anything related to this jade Guanyin? Then you have to honestly tell me where did this jade come from? Okay. What the heck? I better be careful. Recently, really... I better not make any move. I won't sell the painting, I have to take it back. Refund the deposit, right. I have to lay low. I better be careful about this thing, my goodness. I can just sell it next time. So that's the situation. Actually, this jade Guanyin is from the collection of my good friend. His name is Wang Bo-yi. Wang Bo-yi? Mister, you know the man from the Wang family? We are very close. He's Chiang-wei's dad. -Chiang-wei? -Yes. WANG HSIAO WEI No. The girl survivor from Wang Family is called Wang Hsiao Wei. After that crime happened, her auntie changed her name. Auntie. Wang Chiang-ta. Hsiao Wei's parents' death anniversary is today. The same day as your dad, coincidentally. -Coincidentally? -I was eight years old, when they died in the fire. Mr. Wang. Why are you so interested in this case? I'm naturally curious, and really into unsolved cases. A portion has been influenced by Prosecutor Tieh. That's good. For the past two days, someone has been coming here asking for my help to sell the painting done by Chiang-wei's dad. After I saw the news, I realized he's from your tutorial class. Who? Old Yen? Hey, Chiang-ta. I'll come back later. Goodbye. Right, it's him. Such coincidence. He wants you to help sell the painting? This is not a coincidence, because he's connected with that case. Chan Ting-hsuan is released from prison, so he's very agitated. Also, I have one more thing I must tell you, when that happened, Chiang-wei was still small. She has the traumatic syndrome. So she does not remember anything about this. Her auntie kept reminding us, and told us not to tell her anything regarding this. Okay, this I understand. Also, the person earlier, help me observe him. I will. After that crime happened, her auntie changed her name. Auntie? No. Old Yen knew about the identity of Chiang-wei. Mister, I'll go ahead. Thank you. Such coincidence? This... -Boss. -What? Teacher Chiang-wei. Why are you in a trance looking at your own poster? Teacher Chiang-wei, you arrived just in time. There's something... I need to ask you in private. You're coming with me. I know that you want me to check on something, right? Is the information ready? -Boss. -Yes? What do you want to verify? I only want to ask you something but I don't want others to hear it. What is it so secretive? I remember that there's a painting that you are very interested in. Also the last time, I told you to check this antique, you were also very interested in it and asked me where it came from. Do you remember these two? Of course, I remember. I heard people say... that those two items were from your house. Yes. Why didn't you tell me? That was a long time ago already. When I was young our family got robbed, we lost a lot of things. You're a victim too. How can I tell you that you bought stolen goods? But I'm very happy I met someone who likes my dad's painting When the robbery happened, how old were you? What do you remember from it? Let's check this first. Si-te. -Yes? -Have you seen Chiang-wei? She went out with Old Yen. Where did they go? Seems they went that way to the penthouse. Okay, thank you. What are you doing? What are you doing? -Wang Chiang-ta, what are you doing? -Are you all right? I'm okay, what are you doing? Old Yen. -Help! -Hey! -Wang Chiang-ta, are you crazy? -Help! Earlier he wants to push you down! He's not going to push me down, I'm just helping him tie the banner. At first, he was the one doing it but he's afraid of heights and he's too heavy I won't be able to hold him. That's why I offered to help. He's grabbing me not pushing me! Why would I push her? You are so ridiculous. You believe what he said, and you came up here with him? I'm ridiculous? You're the ridiculous one. Boss, I'm sorry. Chiang-ta is very impulsive. How do you feel now? Or better we should let the doctor check it? He's not that critical. Don't you talk. It's okay. I'm okay. Right. You still didn't tell me, why did you go up with this person alone? What do you remember from it? I was only eight at that time. Auntie told me that when we went back, that the house was on fire. We went in to stop the fire, but I got burnt and almost died. I was brought to the emergency room, then I woke up, and can't remember anything anymore. The doctor said, I got the traumatic syndrome. So that's what happened. That's good. I mean, for someone at such a young age to remember this will be very sad. That's why I want to donate some money and help children in situations like yours. I wonder if you will be able to help me with it. Boss, you have such a good heart. Donating money for charity? There are so many people in the world, but you only ask for her help? And you foolishly went up with him. What do you think of yourself? A charitable person or rich? Wang Chiang-ta, what's with you today? Why are you so unreasonable? Okay. Don't fight over me. -No one's fighting over you. -No one's fighting over you. Chiang-wei. There's something I want to privately talk with Chiang-ta. Can you give us some space? Okay. If he punches you again, remember to call for help. Thank you. Chiang-ta. Teacher Wang. I think Prosecutor Tieh already told you. That's right, I'm a thief. A casual thief. But I don't have blood on my hands. Also, after that Wang Family case I never did bad things again. It's true, you can check if you don't believe me. For the past 23 years, though I didn't do charity, but... I at least changed for good. I promise you, starting today, I'll do good and charity. Please forgive me. Okay? I don't have the right to forgive or not. I know. Chiang-wei, I'm sorry about her too. But her dad's painting, I really bought it with my money. I didn't steal it. It's really a coincidence. This is fate. I'll get it and give it back to Chiang-wei. Okay. Since you already know her identity, in order for me to protect her, from now on I'll always watch you. As to that time if your hands are with blood or not, don't you worry, I will investigate everything carefully. TIEH PU-FAN This is? CCTV footage from my warehouse. I discovered that there has been a theft in my warehouse. The CCTV footage looks like the lady thief from the auction. But the image is not clear. That's why will need your help The police have better equipment, see if you can make the comparison. -Prosecutor. -Yes. The weapon found in Ma-sha's house the report is already out, it's a 100% match. Since you're very busy, -I will take my leave now. -Okay. Keep in touch, bye. This is hot. CASE FILE This is so great. There's new evidence. New physical evidence. I'll compile it, -and request to investigate. -Yes. Wang Family Robbery. This is great! You can go out now. So I'll prepare documents, don't wait for me tonight. Okay, I know. Hey, thank you. Hsiao Tieh? Hello? You will work overtime. Okay. I know. Okay. Bye. What's with Hsiao Tieh? Why didn't he just tell me to tell you? He said he'll work overtime. Then he ordered food at the office and discovered that the dumpling is delicious. He told me not to eat too much, he'll buy me a box. Why? What do you mean why? Sharing good food with a good friend, that's very normal. Unlike you. What do you mean unlike me? What's with me again? When did I not remember you? -You two-- -Chiang-ta. Why are you so hysterical? I just feel bad for Uncle Hsun. Uncle Hsun cooked so well. What do you mean don't eat a full meal? Hsiao Tieh is so disrespectful. It's fine. Uncle Hsun, don't defend them. Can you even talk about others when you're the same? After coming home from the restaurant, you're still going to eat instant noodles at night. Uncle Hsun, you see, he thinks you don't cook well. Wang Chiang-wei, it's a case to case basis, okay? I go back and eat because I have a big appetite, okay? I don't get full so I get hungry when I come back. I do not think his food is not good, I think his food is delicious. You didn't know the situation. Two days ago, Dorothy was on leave. You weren't able to listen to her. Because she was confined at the hospital. You're really a solid fan, you even know why she was on leave? Uncle Hsun. Chiang-ta. Let me tell you both, a few days ago, I have a friend who fell down from the bed. After waking up, realized there was a pain here, a pain here, and a pain here too. The doctor did a thorough examination, and only wrote a few words. You know what it was? What? Broken finger. Just tell your joke. Why do you have to touch me? Because Dorothy wants to help the Lion find his courage. Lion wants to eat dumplings now, there's no need for courage. Chiang-wei can replace Dorothy in telling jokes. -But Chiang-wei... -Yes? Hsiao Tieh is quite good to you. Yes, but I am also very good to him, we are good friends. He's very good with all women. He tells funny jokes, he's very friendly and generous. It's normal for women to like him. Let's not talk about Hsiao Tieh. How about you Chiang-ta? Isn't it you also have Dark Queen? That's just a random nickname Hsiao Tieh created. You see, Uncle Hsun also knows about her. Can you give some clues? Who is she? Uncle Hsun isn't curious as to who she is. He is, he just mentioned it. -Brownout? -Brownout? -Let me take a look. -Uncle Hsun, let me help you. Chiang-ta! Hey. Are you okay? Wake up. Are you awake now? You... Do you still remember me? In a women's world, if you love me you should look for me. It's you! It's me. But it seems you have forgotten about me. I didn't forget about you. That day you left so quickly. You didn't leave any contact details. I went back to the Lightless Restaurant many times, but I didn't find you. You didn't use your heart to look for me. You have to put your hear in the search, and not just by quantity. -I didn't put my heart into it? -You close your eyes. Quick close it. Empty your thoughts. Don't count. When your mind is blank, open your eyes. Hello? Guess who I am? Why you again? You remember me. Obviously, you have me in your heart. -Come out for a walk. -No. You come out. Isn't it you who wanted to know why I stole the painting? There's no need to hassle yourself, I can handle it. As for you, I let you go. I didn't say I wouldn't catch you in the future. -What are you laughing at? -Well, if you really want to catch me when I ask you out, you can call the police. Then I can be caught right? Why worry about me there? Maybe you can't forget the kiss I gave you. I should have kissed you more. Boring. You're crazy. Come here and eat. Hsiao Tieh bought a hearty breakfast. Last night, you said you'll bring xiao long bao. You're saying that as if I owed you something. There were so many documents last night. After reading, it was already 3:00 or 4:00 a.m. So I just slept in the office. What happened to your head? Last night we went to Uncle Hsun to eat, suddenly there was a brownout, Chiang-ta said he'll take a look and accidentally hit his head. -He even fainted. -What? That's serious. Let me see that. What are you doing? I was going to see if you're fine, but... your reflex is so fast. Come eat breakfast. Let me tell you the omelet and soya there are famous. Also, Fei and I lined up for six hours. Also, this xiao long bao is very delicious. If you like to eat it, I'll tell him to line up every day, -and buy it for you. -Thank you, Brother Tieh. You're welcome. No, why don't I have an omelet? You don't have an omelet? Be happy you have a sandwich. -Stop complaining, let me tell you-- -No. You bought two omelets, why didn't you buy mine too? I bought your sandwich along the way. Omelets are for me and her. If you keep on complaining, you won't even have a sandwich. Here, soy sauce for you. No conscience. You two are so childish. If you want to eat an omelet, I'll share with you. No. I'm very tired. Look at you. Isn't it you who wanted me to treat Chiang-wei well? What do you mean? Nothing, don't listen to me. Wang Chiang-ta, what are you trying to do? Why don't you admit you like Chiang-wei? We are brothers right? Then you should be direct. Once you say it, we compete fairly. What do you want, Fei? Say it quickly. I'm in a bad mood right now. This is such a big case with important suspects. Why did you let him get away? How could this happen? Prosecutor Tieh. Chan Ting-hsuan is too scheming, too cruel. He hid a pen with him and stabbed the neck of the court police. Right now, the court police, is still in the emergency room. He's not yet out of danger. A cruel person like Chan Ting-hsuan should have additional security. Looks like re-opening the case is a bit too rushed. PROSECUTOR ARRESTED THE BOMBER POLICE CIVILIAN WORKED TOGETHER TO SOLVE THE CASE ARRESTED THE PERSON WITHIN 24-HOURS If you like someone, you have to tell them. A lot of men are slow these days. Didn't I lose this bracelet? Why is it here? You said you admire her. Do you like her? Just bring him here and I'll handle the rest. Was he lying about changing himself? Subtitle translation by Michelle Pua 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 