Political Animals: Season 1, Episode 5 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Political Animals 
 s1e5 - 16 Hours - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Political Animals (2012–…): Season 1, Episode 5 - 16 Hours - full transcript 
 Elaine finds herself torn between staying by T.J.'s side and handling the rescue of a Chinese submarine. Douglas may cross a boundary that could jeopardize his future. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Previously on Political Animals... Chinese got a downed sub near our shore. Holy son of a bitch. So 100 men are trapped at the bottom of the ocean, getting slowly cooked by nuclear radiation? I am running against you, and I will resign after we have saved those men. This is how it works, Douglas: You help me by giving me everything I need to know about your mother's plan. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 You came to me, now, let's remember. There is a tsunami of bullshit that comes with being in my family. We're gonna turn Sean Reeves. Your tactics disgust me. You're already involved. Congressman Reeves is having an affair with your son, Thomas. You have a serious problem, and you just keep adding fuel to the fire. Sam, call an ambulance! The winches are lowered now, and we believe the salvage teams are about to arrive at depth. These divers are from the Navy's elite Mobile Unit One 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 out of Hawaii. Tonight, they risk their lives for 100 Chinese strangers, stuck in 600 feet of water, 13 miles off the coast of San Diego. The waiting's almost over now. It's not just the lives of our Navy divers and the Chinese crew... I think we all know what's at stake here. Approaching with cable number one. Ten meters and closing. Five meters. Three. Two. One... They want to keep him sedated, until all the cocaine's out of his system. I think they gave him too much. Mother! Like I don't have enough anxiety just with the overdose. Dad, Mom... can I talk to you for a second? Uh... So between the security guards and the three EMTs, there's a total of six witnesses that we know of. I spoke to Gary at the press office... he's already getting calls. We cannot cover this one up. I'll call Bobby Cartwright. Now, he'll know what to do. We are not hiring a fixer. Between phone videos and pictures, or some hospital flunky wanting to release his medical records... Call Susan Berg. Mom, that is... Tell her we want to meet. I don't have time to argue with you about this, Douglas. Just do it. He's my twin brother. I'd like to be here when he wakes up. And I would give anything to do the same thing, but you and I have to help him in other ways. I'll stay with him. Now, you do what you gotta do, but I'm gonna be right here by his side. They're going to release him in a day or so... I want him to move in with us. Would you and Anne set up the guest room for him and get the house ready? We'll make his room perfect. She meant dump the booze. I mean get his room ready. And yes, get rid of whatever... substances. Just like last January, after rehab. Yeah, a lot of good that did. Little shit's never gonna learn. An allergic reaction? Yes. To an antibiotic that they prescribed for T.J., and he went into anaphylactic shock. So they rushed him to the ER, and, uh, got some fluids in him, some epinephrine... Thankfully, he's doing much better now. Okay... Are the hospital records available? Those are confidential. You two don't really expect me to believe this. It's not important that you believe it. What's important is that you write down exactly what I'm telling you. I don't transcribe press releases. It's my job to discern the truth, and what you just said doesn't have a whiff of it. Susan, I would like you to write it anyway. I... won't use my reputation or that of my paper to quell the speculation surrounding T.J. I just... I... I won't do it. And if I were willing to breach National Security... Mom... ...and give you a story in exchange for this? I'm listening. I want you to know that as Secretary of State... ...I would never do anything to deceive the American public. But as a mother... I would do anything to help my son. There is a Chinese submarine lying on the floor of the Pacific Ocean off the coast of San Diego. The Chinese are pretending it's not there-- that they weren't caught spying on us-- and they're willing to let their own men die. President Garcetti is doing everything he can to rescue them. Douglas is headed out there now. There's room on the plane, and you would be the only press person on the ground with unlimited access to the rescue operation. Oh... Didn't know you were all here... Annie, babe. Hi. You, um, you remember Susan Berg, right? We've met. Nice to see you again. - Hi, Annie. - Hi. Hey, what are these? Oh, stuff for, um, T.J.'s room. - Sorry... I feel like I'm interrupting something. - You're not interrupting. Douglas and Susan were just getting ready to fly to San Diego, isn't that right? Cool. Hi, Alice... Well, did he say when or where? Okay... Yeah. No, I'll tell her. Um, DCM Han. He wants to meet with you immediately. He's on his way over. I asked you not to get involved, Madam Secretary. And you do the opposite. You said you could not get involved, Lee Bao. We are saving your men. You're making a mistake. Your government must cease all rescue operations. The hardware is too valuable. We cannot have the CIA poking around our technology. Your hardware is your priority, Lee Bao? The truth is, Elaine... orders have been communicated. If you try to rescue them, the crew will be forced to scuttle the ship. You mean, releasing the nuclear material off of California? 22 million people live along that coastline. Are you insane? There is nothing I can do. You can get Tong on the line. Now. You are not setting off an underwater dirty bomb off our coast. This is above Tong. Who is above your President? Navy Intelligence. The only way to avoid catastrophe is for the United States to stand down. Sync and corrections by n17t01 www.addic7ed.com ♪ After all God can keep my soul ♪ ♪ But don't ever give me up ♪ ♪ I could never get back up ♪ ♪ When the future ♪ ♪ Starts so slow... ♪ You had a productive morning. Got my piece? It's amazing, isn't it? Uh... the sub story is, it's amazing. A nuclear-powered Chinese warship marooned off the California coast, lives hanging in the balance-- this is gonna be everywhere, and, you know, we had it first. In fact, maybe it's such big news, that no one will notice the story about Thomas Hammond's "adverse reaction to antibiotics." I'm your editor, though. It's my job to notice. Spit it out. I'm in a hurry. Right... Hopping on a State Department jet with Douglas Hammond. I have access. I have a vantage-point on a huge international incident no other reporter has. I never thought I would have to accuse you of being in the back pocket of the Hammond family. Then don't. You're saying these stories have nothing to do with one another? Don't over-think it, Alex. You bitch about losing eyeballs... I just brought a few more back to our dear, old Globe. And I'll bring even more when I report the submarine being raised. So just keep your eye on the inbox. "...President Hammond is a dog, and only a fool "would fault a dog for rooting in the trash. "But a First Lady wielding an intellect, drive "and individuality unlike any before her "ought to know better. "What sort of example does she set? "Standing by her dog husband with a sculpted smile, "responding to the parade of finger-pointing bimbos with her craven trill of 'no comment' after 'no comment'..." This is not opinion. It's judgment. The First Family is phony good-old-boy-ism and empty "women first" chatter... This... is very clever. It is also... very mean. You're better than this. Because it isn't worthy? Or because a female opinion gets different scrutiny? Bullshit. There are eight opinion columnists at this paper, all men. You'll have to excuse me now. The long-term damage to the maritime industry ONE could reach easily into tens of billions of dollars. And for the population along the Western Seaboard, health effects are hard to predict, but nevertheless certain. That's a hell of a thank you for trying to rescue their men. Mr. President... We agree that the threat is a bluff. Even if they meant to bluff, they've said it now. The Chinese have to follow through to save face. Can we all just agree that the rescue attempt is off the table? Chinese Naval Intelligence is not in charge of the Chinese military. And I get the sense that President Tong needs to reassert control over these Admirals... "You get the sense?" They were caught spying off our shores. We're attempting to do the humane thing by rescuing their crew... and now we're expected to stand down because this bunch of thugs-- who are not even in charge-- are threatening us. Elaine. We didn't pick this fight. The Chinese did. I'm sure they don't want to let their Admirals start a Third World War just to save face. No. Elaine's right. We tell them now-- and in no uncertain terms-- that this will not stand. Mr. President... Fred, I appreciate your opinion, but this is exactly the type of decision people elected me to make. Keep the rescue ships in place. Barry, schedule an address from the Oval in the next hour. Yes, sir. Elaine... I'd like you to help me write the speech. Yes, sir. You're sure fond of that bathroom. What's that mean? Oh, nothing. Regularity's the first thing that goes when you age. So enjoy it while you can. Okay, you do the extreme room makeover and I'll case the place for drugs. You think really think T.J. keeps drugs inside the Secretary of State's house? Well, of course he does, he's an addict. I wouldn't be surprised if somewhere in here he hasn't hidden a go-go boy. Oh, let me help you with that. Oh, yeah, thanks. "Grass-fed filet"? The spaghetti alla panna's better. Your whole life has been like this, hasn't it? First class, chauffeurs and private chefs. Bodyguards and bomb-sniffing dogs, paparazzi at my junior prom. Okay, I get it. Yeah? Did someone film you dancing to the Backstreet Boys before you were old enough to realize tuxedo shorts weren't cool? I remember that video. Saturday Night Live did a great spoof. What was it like... growing up in the White House? Thank you. This is starting to sound a little reporter-y. No, I'm just curious, personally. I mean, I, we, every reporter in DC spent those eight years peering into your family, trying to figure out what made your parents tick. What makes your parents tick? I... Exactly. When you're a kid, they're all you know. So who knows? I can tell you this much. All the stuff that people obsessed about over them, all the good things people wrote, all the nasty shit, all the movies, the insider tell-alls, none of it captured them. You least of all. Lester just called. I think you know what he said. You questioned my integrity. I wanted a second opinion. I thought that you wanted to be a journalist, not a noisemaker. He's a pig, Hal. And she's his willing accomplice. All the men in this town are afraid to write the truth about her because they don't want to be labeled anti-feminist. Well they won't be afraid to write about her anymore. Let the Elaine Hammond pile-on begin. Your piece runs tomorrow, first page of the Op-ed. Lester's running it? Congratulations, Susan. You got what you wanted. I hope you're ready for it. I have no idea where these hands came from. Not my hands. Mine are Pa's. They're not your mother's either. I'm not sure who they belong to. I remember that first year in the White House was the worst year of my life. Everything I always dreamed of, the job I'd coveted ever since I was a young man, I finally had it. And I was miserable as hell. A fourth of my term had passed and I hadn't accomplished a single thing that I'd set out to do. And I used to walk the halls at night, stare up at the faces of my predecessors and think to myself, "Every one of them is a better man than me." And then one night, out of the East Room... I hear this most glorious sound. I poke my head in, and there you are, eight years old, playing some kind of classical piece so effortlessly. You turned around when you heard me, and you let out a crazy laugh, and you went skipping off down the hallway. And after that, I used to hide around the corner from the East Room just to listen to you play. It was something so simple, but it brought me so much peace. I don't know why I never told you that. These hands. They're not my hands, T.J. They're yours. "You do not come spying in our backyard and make threats." It's tempting to soft-pedal, but speeches don't come bolder than this. And your words should match it, sir. History will judge me by this. If this goes south, my entire presidency just... melts away. If it goes well, you'll be a hero... and you'll be unbeatable. Either way, it's the right thing to do, Mr. President. You know, Elaine... Thank you. ...this moment, this is why I asked you to run with me in the first place. You wouldn't have been elected. You needed the conservative votes in our party, which Collier brought. Good luck, Mr. President. Thank you. Ten seconds, sir. In five, four, three... My fellow Americans, as many of you know, a Chinese nuclear submarine lies 13 miles off the coast of Southern California. As of last night, on my orders, a Navy salvage group is headed there to rescue the 100 Chinese sailors aboard. However, we have since learned that the crew were given orders to destroy their own ship; and the released radiation would wreak havoc upon the entire Western seaboard. Let me be clear, we would consider it nothing less than an act of war against the United States. You do not come spying in our backyard and make threats. When I was your age, I was the original girl gone wild. Dancing on tabletops in clubs all over town. Why did you settle down? It was my second husband. It was Elaine's stepfather, Dale Barrish. He treated me like a queen, but he was just boring as shit. You didn't love him? Well, there's all kinds of love, isn't there? I mean, I loved his kindness and I loved what he did for Elaine... He taught her the preamble to the Constitution before she was five. He just saw abilities in her that I just wasn't capable of seeing. But it just wasn't the head-over-heels love kind of thing, you know? That cushion you're sitting on, I bet there's a zipper on it. Oh. Yep, sure does. That little shit. Oh, my God, that filet it could turn vegetarians. You leaving all that? Knock yourself out. Maybe just a little. Mm-hmm. Really good. What's so funny? Watching you down my food. Annie loves to eat, too. It's just, uh, well, now she's gotta worry about... What, squeezing into a wedding dress? Yeah. Not really on my radar. So you and your boyfriend...? Split up. He's back to being just my editor now. So... tell me more about Anne. Like what? Well, your fiancée is about to become a Hammond. What do you think after having been under that magnifying glass your whole life? It must be tough to be a journalist sometimes, acting like you're someone's friend one minute, and the next you've got them over a barrel. Oh, you put yourself over that barrel. Do you ever stop playing people? You're talking to me about playing people? Your mother lied to my face, said she wasn't running for president. You know what? Don't take it so personally. You've had it out for her for the last 15 years. You've made a career out of trying to drive her name into the ground. And now you're riding her coattails to the White House. When I became a journalist, I was taught that my job was to keep politicians honest. And who was keeping you honest? I think it's best if we want to make it to San Diego without some sort of double-homicide situation to declare your mother off-limits. Sure I can't interest either of you two in a glass of wine? Sure. Me, too. Here, cocaine. Dump it. These look like they have little signs on them. Are those bunnies? Uh, I think they're unicorns. Oh. Dump them. Now, this... I can think of a more interesting way to get rid of. You're joking. Some of my friends in California get this from their doctors. I mean, it can be therapeutic. All right, I... I haven't smoked since college. I'm not doing it now with my fiancé's grandmother. You know, sometimes after the show, somebody would give us a tip of a couple of reefers. Us girls would stay up all night drinking, smoking, sexually experimenting. This is a terrible idea. Anne, sweetheart, you could stand a couple of terrible ideas. More wine, sir? No, thank you. I think we're all good here. I have enough trouble holding my tongue when I'm sober. We're off the record. Say whatever you want. Listen, the way that I came at you before-- way out of line. It's only fair. I should be able to take character impeachment as easily as I give it, right? Honestly, though, there was a part of me that loved some of what you wrote. The stuff about my dad-- how it used to drive him bat-shit crazy. I campaigned for him in college, you know? Drove four hours to see him speak. It was one of the most inspirational moments of my life. And you know what the best part was? Hmm? Your mom. It opened my eyes that a woman could be that strong and independent and still be... I don't know, a wife and mother. What was yours like? Your mother. She died a few years ago. Breast cancer. Uh... why? You may know more about my own mother than I do, and I don't seem to know anything about yours. It just doesn't seem right. She didn't care for my columns about your mom. I thought I was being principled. She thought I was just doing it to set myself apart from the world. She may have been right. I thought I was being principled when I told you about my mother's run. We all make mistakes. I'm sorry, Mr. Hammond. We need to make an emergency stop in Dallas to wait out some thunderstorms. But we promise to get you back in the air to San Diego as soon as possible. Bright side. We can finish this bottle. Mmm. Thank you. I know it's a shoe box, but there's lots of glass. And, uh, I'm the youngest staffer with four walls. Like Virginia Woolf said, "All a writer needs is a room of one's own." Right? Well, I'm happy for you, sweetheart. Are you? I came here to celebrate your new office, so I... Let's not do this. Mom, please just... say whatever the hell you're thinking so I don't have to spend all of lunch trying to decipher it. I'm proud of you. Uh, you've accomplished a great deal. But? I just don't think that Elaine Hammond is the ogre that you present. No, and it seems naive that someone still in their 20s, someone not yet married, uses the infidelities of someone's marriage as a lightning rod. Now, I think, once you've learned how much work it takes, you'll be less... I am the only woman with an op-ed column at this paper. Yes, well, you'd never know it by the way you shred Elaine Hammond. Do you really hate her that much, or is she just an easy mark to get this? What a spiteful thing to say. This is resentment. You cut your career short, so how dare I become successful in mine. No, I left medicine to have a family. And if I hadn't done that, I think it's fairly unlikely you would be here today. I'm sorry. I-I... I didn't come into town for this. I came to see you and to have a nice lunch. So let's go. Please. I'm supposed to meet Liz at 2:00. You scheduled a half-hour for us to eat? She's painting the townhouse. She asked me to come by and take a look. I mean, second-year residents can't make their own schedule. Go eat with Liz. Talk shop. Oh, Suse. No. Really. Well, okay. I wish my mother were here. She at least would have had the sense to smuggle in a flask. Come on. You've done everything you could, sugar. Now it's up to God and the doctors... and the Chinese, all of whom-- let's face it-- work in mysterious ways. I don't think I ever fully realized until today how much pressure you were under. Well, after spending the last 12 hours watching over T.J., I could say the same thing to you. He wouldn't be lying here if we had given the same devotion and passion to his well-being that we gave to our political careers. Apples and oranges, sugar. As soon as he started to go downhill in high school, I should have packed up and left DC. We've been through this. No, we made a choice, Bud. We put our goals for this country ahead of the well-being of our child, and that is a decision we have to live with for the rest of our lives. Hey, that, uh, congressman, Sean Reeves, uh, you got pretty upset when his name came up last night. Is he the one that changed his vote on the Child Protection Act? Right around Christmas, as I recall. He and T.J. were having an affair. What? Sean ended up going back to his wife, and it broke T.J.'s heart. Someone found out they were seeing each other and threatened to out Sean if he didn't change his vote. So he did. Who was it? A Democrat. One of our own, if you can believe that. Tell me who it was, sugar. You know, just so if I see him at a cocktail party, I can spill a glass of wine on him. Okay, hold on a minute. You actually have a Backstreet Boys playlist? Ooh, I don't know if anybody told you, but, um... ♪ Backstreet's back, all right. ♪ I still got those dance moves. I might even have my tuxedo shorts somewhere. You should wear them to your wedding. Yeah, uh, I don't know if Annie would like that so much. She's a designer, so God forbid that I clash with the table settings. Um... I showed you mine. Now you show me yours. Hey. Yeah, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. Uh, let's see. "Deadline" playlist. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Um, "Treadmill" playlist. Mm-hmm. "Insomnia" playlist. Yes. Sorry. That is my life. Who's Alex, and why does he get his own playlist? Your ex. Sorry. We were living together, and, um, he had an affair with a woman we both work with, so I moved out. I tell you a secret? I think that you're a little drunk, so watch yourself. Drunk secrets are the best. I had sex on this plane the last time I was on it. With my dad? Jesus, no. With another journalist. I was trying to get over my ex, but, of course, it made things worse. I know she doesn't like me. Oh... She's never liked me. She doesn't think that I am good enough for her... precious prince-of-the-world son. Do you know what she talked about the first time we met? Hmm? Douglas's ex-girlfriend. The Lauren bitch. "Lauren's a Rhodes Scholar." No wonder she loved her. She was a carbon copy of her. You know, I like this Anne-- she's my kind of gal. You ought to let her out more often. Mmm. And the phone calls. She calls him at 3:00 in the morning just to chat. They don't think it's weird. I mean, I don't care where they work. That's weird. Well, now, don't get carried away. That's my grandson you're talking about. She will always be number one on his speed dial. I'll have to live with being number two. No, absolutely not. You can't settle for that. Are you kidding me? You got to say to him, "I am number one." Now, say that. I'm number one. No, louder. And stick your boobs out when you say it. "I am number one." I am number one. There you go. There's hope for you yet. Now, will you please stop bogarting that thing? Ah. Nice to see you've redecorated. President Turner was one tasteless son of a bitch. Plus, he tore out my bowling alley. Never trust anyone who doesn't enjoy bowling. How are you, Mr. President? Mr. President. Welcome home. Thank you. Have a seat, please. Thanks for setting this up, Fred, on such short notice. Sure. Listen, Bud, I should probably tell you before you even get started-- whatever information or insight you have into our current situation, it's not likely to change my mind. About the Chinese sub? Go rescue it. It's what I'd do if I were still in the chair. You said you had intel. I do, Fred, and it's important. You'll see. Generally speaking, Paul, and with all due respect, I think you're slick, uncommitted and opportunistic. You lack the backbone to be a great leader, but you're not without your principles. I guess this is the part where I say, "Thank you, Bud." Old Fred here, on the other hand, well, I'll be damned if I know what makes him tick. Then again, having run the CIA as long as you did, I guess any sort of principles, any kind of human compunction, would just get in the way. You have any idea what I was doing while you were dodging the draft in the Coast Guard? I served this country with honor for over three decades. You wouldn't know honor if it sucked your cock and stroked your balls, Fred. That's a beautiful metaphor. Bud, why don't you tell me what's on your mind? The Child Protection Act. Last December, when you were teaching your boy to ski, he turned Congressman Sean Reeves by threatening to disclose the man's sexual orientation, which is not as publicly advertised. Just fell in our laps. Well, would you swear that on oath before a House Oversight Committee? He used your name, Mr. President. He told folks that the scheme was your redheaded stepchild. He's just pissed because his queer son was having an affair with Reeves. Or were you going to just leave that part out, Mr. President? No, I was getting there. Yeah. But I wanted to do this first. You son of a bitch! I'll kick your... Fred. Bud. Jesus. Son of a bitch! Guys, that's it. That's enough. That's enough! Bud. You harm my family again, and I swear to ever-loving God I will wipe your existence from the face of this Earth. Probably ought to get some ice on that. Drunk secret. I, uh... proposed to Anne while we were on Ecstasy. Okay. That beats joining the mile-high club. And we've been planning our wedding for two years because I'm not really sure either one of us is ready to commit. Do you love her? Yeah, totally. But...? It's like... it's like you put on this, um, expensive, tailored suit, right, and everybody tells you how great you look in it, but it doesn't really fit quite right unless you stand perfectly still. Love has never fit quite right for me. I was always certain about my job-- maybe too certain-- but not with love. You never settled, you know? That-that takes courage. You have never compromised in your writing, so why should you compromise in your personal life? There's a flip side no one tells you about. Oh. You wake up one day... and you realize that while you were busy being brazen, making a name for yourself, everyone made a life. And then you're not uncompromising; you're just sad. Bullshit. You... are gorgeous. You're smart. You are... A bitch who makes a living ripping other people's lives to shreds in public? Yes. And... sexy. I-I wish that I had some of your courage. Look at you, Douglas. You're the youngest chief of staff in State... Wait. Mom. Oh, sweetie. Where... where am I? Oh. You're in the hospital. Oh, my God. I'm so sorry. I-I didn't mean for this to happen. I wasn't... I wasn't trying to hurt myself. Don't worry about any of that. Shh. Go back to sleep. It's all going to be okay. Shh. How is he? What happened to you? Oh, nothing. He just woke up for a second. Right. I'll stay with him now. You need to get back to the Situation Room. Won't be long before they make contact with that sub. You know, it's freezing in here. They either need to bring him another blanket or turn up the temperature. Right, right. And ask the nurses to have something for him to eat when he wakes up, you know? Yeah. He needs to get some solid food in him. That's all right. Just leave him with me. Now, go. Go on. Now, most people, when they get high, they get the munchies. I get the drunkies. No, no, I didn't mean to say that. That was wrong. I get the drinkies. Okay, what exactly is this? It's delicious. It's Turkish delight. The Turkish ambassador sent it over. He's got a crush on Elaine. It's a little on the nose if you ask me. Don't do it, honey. Don't do it to yourself anymore. I'm just using the bathroom. Hey, who you talking to? Huh? I was a showgirl. You think I don't know what some of the girls had to do to fit into our skimpy costumes? You think I don't notice you getting up halfway through every meal and coming back from the ladies' room light-headed and reeking of breath mints? There's a lot of looking the other way in this family, babe, but not by me. I think there's been some kind of misunderstanding. Okay. You don't have to come clean to me, but you got to talk to Dougie about it. You know, let him get you some help. The waiting's almost over now. It's not just the lives of our Navy divers and the Chinese crew. I think we all know what's at stake here. Unit One, you're clear for attach. Repeat-- clear for attach. Approaching with cable number one. Ten meters and closing. Five meters. Three. Two. One. Cable one attached, Topside. Cable two attached. Command, this is Topside. We're getting a pulsed message from the sub, but it makes no sense. Send it through, Topside. X-I-E-X-I-E. What is it, code? It's alphabetized Chinese. It means, "Xie xie." "Thank you." Cable four attached. All points secure, Topside. Pull her up. Sync and corrections by n17t01 www.addic7ed.com web-dl tukulbesi 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 