Expedition X: Season 1, Episode 7 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Expedition X 
 s1e7 - Lake of the Dead - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Expedition X (2020–…): Season 1, Episode 7 - Lake of the Dead - full transcript 
 Phil and Jessica head to Lake Lanier, a man-made lake that covers over 20 cemeteries and the bodies still buried there; they investigate in and around the deadliest lake in America to uncover rumors of drownings and ghostly encounters. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Gates: On this episode of "expedition x," the team travels to georgia to investigate reports of ghostly encounters in and around the world's most haunted lake. The accidents continue to pile up. Locals believe this body of water... Is covering bodies below. They essentially said that they dug up all the bodies, but they definitely did not. Gates: And now eyewitnesses are reporting sightings of the so-called lady of the lake 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 and terrifying attacks from beyond the grave. It was pulling me underwater. Standby to recover divers! My name is josh gates. In my travels, I've experienced strange things that defy logic and made me question everything. Oh, my god. Now, I've put together a team to investigate the stranger side of the unknown. Let's go! Phil torres is a scientist who hunts for rational explanations. Jessica chobot's paranormal research has made her a true believer. There is a monster living in this forest. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Phil, phil, phil, I just saw something run across. Together we're searching for answers... Torres: What is that? To the world's most extraordinary mysteries. This is "expedition x." captions paid for by discovery communications for today's investigation, guys, we're headed out to the lake. Sounds like fun, right? Yes. It's not gonna be fun. That's because this is the lake. It's a place called lake lanier, and it's actually a man-made body of water. It was created in the '50s just north of atlanta. Now, this lake has a rather ominous reputation. It has some of the highest rates of boating accidents, drownings, and disappearances anywhere in the country. It is also a place that locals believe is notoriously haunted. Why is that? Well, it has everything to do with these red x's that you see on the map, because it turns out that lake lanier was built on top of 20 cemeteries. You do not mess with dead bodies. We've all seen the movie. We all know how it ends. It does not end well. Wait, are there still bodies buried in these cemeteries? Or did they move them before they flooded the lake? The government claims that they tried to relocate all the bodies before creating the lake. They tried. They tried. But there are questions, a lot of questions. Check it out. Gates: It is 1947. The army corps of engineers announces a plan to divert the chattahoochee river to a rural region in northern georgia and create a nearly 60-square-mile man-made lake. It will ease flooding concerns, provide hydroelectric power and drinking water, and a recreation area for the community. But to accomplish this, the government will need to relocate several remote towns along with their houses, businesses, family farms, churches, and, yes, 20 cemeteries. It's this last item and the nearly 1,000 bodies contained in graves throughout the area that proves the most problematic and controversial. When the waters of the chattahoochee flood the foothills and valleys, locals question how or even if the bodies were properly exhumed and reinterred. Some say the lake is now cursed and strange accidents begin to plague the region. One of these incidents is said to be the origin of lake lanier's most famous ghost. Delia young and her friend susie roberts are driving home after a night out and approach a newly built bridge over the lake. According to legend, an invisible force grabs on to their car, which loses control and plummets into the deep waters of lake lanier. Soon after, locals begin to report sightings of a ghostly young woman in a blue dress... Exactly what delia was wearing the night she died. Since then, sightings of the so-called lady of the lake have corresponded with accidents and disappearances in and around lanier... A female phantom, manifesting the power of the countless spirits disturbed by the creation of the lake. Chobot: There you have it. This is considered the most haunted lake in the world. There's so many sightings, there's actual apparitions. Incidents happen on this lake all the time. How do you really feel? It's haunted. It's haunted, no question. It's haunted. Phil, I assume you agree wholeheartedly. Absolutely not. I'm... I'm sorry. But this is a man-made lake. Yes. Natural lakes have erosion. The bottom of the lake is easier to navigate when you're boating around. Man-made lakes have really uncertain topography down there. They just flooded this area, so there could still be debris. There could be strange currents. There could be dead bodies. Phil, haven't you seen "poltergeist"? I have not. Oh, m... what? So I don't want to ruin it for you, but they... they moved the headstones but they left the bodies. I'll do some research. Can we... can we just pause for a minute while we make phil watch this movie? That was good, right? Amazing. You're welcome. And now you were saying? I think the topography of what's underneath the lake could be a huge factor here. It can create strange currents. It can be very uneven. So boats could run into it. I mean, this is very uncertain ground down there. According to the georgia department of natural resources, there are triple the amount of fatalities and accidents on this lake as the next most active lake in georgia. That's a huge difference. You think topography could account for all that? I think something can. And I think it's gonna be a real-world explanation. I'm inclined to agree with you, but there are some stories here you're gonna have to square off. It's not just in the lake. People report paranormal encounters in the woods around the lake. People have claimed to see the spirit of this woman in the blue dress in the cemeteries where the bodies were moved to and in the lake itself. Swimmers report being attacked by some sort of unknown force. So here's the mission... Get to lake lanier. Get on lake lanier. In fact, get in lake lanier. And see if you can figure out what's going on here. Talk to the locals. See if you can collect evidence firsthand and find out... Did the u.S. Government creating this body of water desecrate these graves and unleash some sort of paranormal terror? Or is it all just legends and superstition? I'm telling you, this is the most haunted lake in the world. Alright. Prove it. Gates: The team travels 850 miles from new york city to lake lanier in northern georgia. Just 50 miles north of atlanta, this pristine body of water known as georgia's inland ocean provides the tap water for nearly 6 million people. Its water may be the elixir of life, but it's the deaths in and around the lake that have drawn attention to it. Chobot: Here we are. Lake lanier. It is crazy to think what's under there right now. Yeah, bodies. People are getting hurt and dying on that lake. The team is starting its investigation with eyewitness rachel sanders. A few weeks ago, she was swimming in lake lanier when she had an experience that she could only describe as paranormal. Torres: Can you walk us through it? I was here training for a triathlon. I've trained on this lake my whole life. And that day was something different. I was swimming and kept hearing this shrill shriek. And I felt this force, something pulling me deeper into the water and everything went black. I woke up on the shore... On this island. I have no idea how I got there. Then I saw a woman in the water wearing a blue dress, and I was terrified. I didn't want to go back in the water, so I went up to the high point of the island and tried to flag down some boats. That, to me, sounds like it could be something like a crazy current. No. No. I've swam in this lake my entire life. I've trained in it in worse conditions than it was that day, and I've never felt something like that. And you're sure it wasn't blue floating debris out in the water? No, no. It's a day I won't forget. And I remember a woman in a blue dress. Mm. I can't fully explain rachel's encounter, so jess and I decide to secure a boat and hit the water. We make our way to the island where rachel says she saw an apparition of a woman in a blue dress. Locals believe this lady of the lake is the manifestation of delia young, one of the first victims of the lake after it was created. Alright. Well, this is it. This is the beach where rachel woke up. Yeah. I definitely think something happened to her here, but I think we should take a look around this island, just see what we can come up with. Let's go. Let's see. Alright. Here. Thank you. Chobot: We investigate the island, looking for anything that could explain rachel's sighting of the apparition in a blue dress. Phil, I'm gonna do an emf sweep. An emf detector measures electromagnetic fields, and high readings are often associated with paranormal energy. But emf readings are well within normal ranges. Finally, we make our way back to the shoreline. Ooh. This water's cold. Yeah. Thinking of rachel's story, you're out here. It's November. It was cold out. The sun was probably going down. So I wonder if she just got so intensely cold that she actually hallucinated something. Gates: Training for a triathlon can be stressful on the body, especially in November when the water temperature can be as low as 45 degrees. Cold water lowers body temperature 25 times faster than cold air. And hypothermia can begin after just five minutes in icy waters. The veins in our extremities constrict... The body's attempt to keep blood flow closer to the heart. This reduced flow means a loss of coordination, extreme confusion, even hallucinations. I mean, I suppose that's possible, I hear you. But she's a trained athlete and she lives on the lake and she trains in the water, she knows what she's getting into. Yeah. Chobot: Rachel's strange experience on the lake is similar to countless others. For decades, many have blamed the paranormal activity here on the traumatic flooding of gravesites that the government was supposed to have relocated. Tomorrow morning, we plan to find out the truth once and for all. Hey. - Nice to meet you, jessica. - Nice to meet you. Bob. Nice to meet you, phil. Yeah, great to finally meet you. Gates: Bob kender has been a search and rescue diver in the area for more than four decades. I've asked him and his team to help phil make an extremely technical and dangerous dive. The locations of the sunken graveyards in the bottom of lake lanier are now heavily silted over. But at nearby lake chatuge, which was also artificially flooded, bob believes we may be able to reach the location of one of the cemeteries. I mean, it seems like this one is the easiest to access from shore and through diving. If you're looking for a cemetery at this location, our umbilicals, the surface supply gas will give us the best opportunity to get you to depth. So we're not gonna put you in fins today. We're gonna have you walking. Okay. So what's gonna happen is we're gonna have on an umbilical. The umbilical is going to have video, lighting. It's gonna have your air supply. It's gonna have communication. Okay. Will I be able to talk to phil? You'll be able to talk to phil. You'll see what phil's seeing. You can guide him. He's actually gonna be like a human r.O.V. You understand, where we're at, is right at 160 feet. So to get down to this potential grave site, this isn't your typical dive. No, it's not your typical dive. It's outside the normal sport-diving limits. You know, the depths here are gonna be pushing the 160-plus mark. Really? Yes. There's many risks to the diver. Gates: The team is in georgia investigating what is known as the most haunted lake in the world... Lake lanier. This massive body of water is home to strange accidents, disappearances, and even ghostly apparitions of the so-called lady of the lake. Many believe the source of the paranormal activity are the many cemeteries in this area that were submerged. For decades, there had been rumors that some of the burials were not relocated. To get to the bottom of this mystery, phil is preparing to get to the bottom of the lake bed. The depths here are gonna be pushing the 160-plus mark. Really? Yes. There's many risks to the diver. We're gonna have you on surface supply equipment. And we're gonna protect you. We need to worry about, because of the depth, nitrogen narcosis. What's that? It's rapture of the deep. It's almost like you're being drunk off the air that we breathe here on the surface. Gates: As someone who's spent a lot of time underwater in challenging conditions, it isn't an environment where you can afford to be off your "a" game. Nitrogen narcosis anesthetizes the brain, making victims feel and act disoriented. It has been known to cause even experienced divers to make fatal mistakes. So looks like you'll be able to see everything I'm seeing. We can record everything I'm hearing. We can stay in communication. You know where we're trying to go. So I feel like we got a pretty good plan here. I think we're set up at the exact spot you need to be. Okay. Let's do it. Chobot: Sounds good. Okay, phil, now, you're gonna be with ben, but you got to stay with him. We're gonna be putting in commercial dive gear for making a deep dive, approximately 150 feet. And you're right on the edge. If you go over the edge, instead of 150 feet, the next stop is 300 feet. Torres: So this is dangerous to dive here. It can be very dangerous torres: Because I'll be so heavily weighted, I'll actually be walking along a steep underwater slope near the edge of a perilous drop-off. That's why I'll be down there with a safety diver, ben stanfield. Come down. Shake your head in, ben. I've been diving all over the world for nearly a decade, but this is one of the more technical dives I've attempted. I'm definitely feeling the nerves as I enter the water. Jess will be manning the camera and audio recorder from above. Chobot: Hey, how you doing in there? You sound good. It's so cool I am literally looking underwater through your eyes. Hey, you're almost 50 feet right now. It's starting to pour up here. Winds are picking up, too, so that might actually affect the push and pull underwater. Alright, you guys are at 130. What is it? Oh, yeah, I see it. You guys are really close from where the cemetery is supposed to be. So let's start looking around for other stuff, too, but that is an awesome find. I need you to get a little closer. Oh, I see 'em. I see 'em. I see 'em. There's our proof that they did not get the bodies out of that area before they flooded it. The tombstones suggest that people buried here weren't properly moved, which many believe is the cause of the paranormal activity. I want to conduct a unique call and response to see if we can capture any evps or electronic voice phenomena from the spirits. Or I should say I want phil to do it for me. So I need you to turn on your external mic so that we can capture sounds underwater. Are their spirits down here that have been disrupted? It's killing him inside to do this. Is there anything you would like to express regarding your burial site? Ask, "are you upset with the creation of the lake?" visibility is starting to get worse? Do you need a little bit more light? Tell him, "okay. You're at 165." you're at 165. If you're starting to feel weird, you got to let us know right away because we're getting a little concerned you're getting too deep. Hey, phil, are you seeing any other tombstones? See if you can go the other way. I want to see if we can find anything else in the other direction. Coming up on 170. Coming up on 170. It's looking like it's getting real silty and cloudy down there. Phil, do you copy? Are you feeling any narcosis, little funky stuff right now? He's not responding. I don't like this. Let's get him back up right now. Okay. Hey, phil, this is dive supervisor. You're looking deeper than I think you should be. Standby to recover divers! Gates: The team is conducting an underwater investigation near lake lanier in georgia. And they've just discovered an underwater grave site. But phil is now at a depth of more than 165 feet and not responding to calls from above. Chobot: Phil's not responding. I don't like this. I want to pull him up. Okay. Hey, phil, this is dive supervisor. You're looking deeper than I think you should be. Standby to recover divers! Man: Jess, come here. Jess, come here. Okay, let's walk in. Everybody, back. Back. Why don't we sit him down? Sit. You good? Chobot: How are you feeling? Torres: I am dizzy right now. My head is, uh... I'm out of it. It is really eerie down there. Just... All I could really tell was that there was just this wall of darker water. When that current kicked in, I'll never forget that. I mean, I was sliding down. It was... It took all my effort just to keep my footing, just to keep from continuing to go over that edge. And I know. We were right at the limit of our... Of our depth. I'm very happy you're safe. But on the flip side, can you believe we found a graveyard? And it looked so, like, undisturbed. That's just one. I mean, look how big this lake is. I am positive that there are multiple undisturbed grave plots out there. Gates: Jess believes the discovery of these underwater graves could explain much of the paranormal phenomena being reported around lake lanier. That activity is most often manifested in the presence of the so-called lady of the lake, a woman named delia young, who, along with her friend susie roberts, fatally crashed her car into the lake in 1958. The team previously met a local woman who claimed to see the ghost of delia in her blue dress in the water. But the vast majority of the sightings are reported... Where else... at the cemetery. A cemetery headed up by a guy whose name probably ensured he'd end up in this line of work. Alright, so we're going to alta vista cemetery. I went to check out the ladies of the lake's graves and we're gonna talk to tommy casper. I'm sorry. Casper is his name? Yeah. And he works at a graveyard? Yes. Is he friendly? He is definitely friendly. Casper: Hi. Hi. Jessica. Nice to meet you. Phil. Come this way and I'll show you susie robert's grave. This here is susie roberts' grave. Wow. Whoa. She is one of the two ladies of the lake, lake lanier. As you can see here, one monument says that she went missing. And then they placed the other monument when she was found. "Died April 1958, found November 1990." right. Gates: Susie roberts was in a car with delia young when they crashed into the lake in 1958. But in the weeks after the mysterious accident, searchers were unable to find their bodies or the car. Fast forward to a little more than a year after the crash. That's when a local fisherman makes a gruesome discovery... A human body floating in the lake. The remains are severely decomposed and can't be identified. The body is eventually laid to rest in an unmarked grave. Whether it belonged to susie or delia is a question that wouldn't be answered until one fateful day in 1990. How are they able to identify her in 1990? While they were constructing a span across lake lanier around 1990, one of the pieces of heavy equipment struck the sedan that they went off the road in. When they pull the car up, they found the remains through jewelry that susie had on. They were able to identify her. And then once they found susie, they just kind of tied things together. And that's when they realized this was delia. Torres: So the body they found floating in the lake in '59 was delia. Wow. Well, so then, what did they do when it came time to flood lanier? What did they do with the grave sites that were in the graveyards down there? I do not know that. Spotty records. Do you know of any here? I have heard that we had some burials from where the lake was gonna be flooded brought here. They essentially said that they dug up all the bodies, but they definitely did not. So it seems like some have been moved. Some have been moved and identified. Some have been just left under the water. It's pretty much like the lake... A little murky. Yeah. Chobot: Although paranormal sightings occur all around the lake, it's here at the cemetery where they are reported most often. I was able to track down a man who just 12 days ago had an experience here that left him shaken and confused. Hi. Hi. Torres: Thanks for meeting with us. Chobot: He agrees to share his story if we agree to conceal his identity. I don't really believe in any of the lake stories. Well, I didn't till just a couple weeks ago. So what kind of activity have you had or experienced here? That's when I was crossing through the cemetery to get home. It was late. And right when I got to the edge of the woods, I heard what I thought was howling, sort of like coyotes. But then I realized it was screaming. It was really weird, definitely not something that was just nature. And then I saw a woman wearing a blue dress. And in the blink of an eye, she was gone. I've never been someone to believe in ghosts, but something was there. We should actually check things out right here. The ladies of the lake are buried here. This is where we need to be. Chobot: The witness' story is consistent with other reports I've heard about delia's ghost, but we need to capture evidence. Using a highly sensitive audio recorder, I'll be calling out to delia and any of the other spirits of lake lanier. Alright. If anything happens, walkie me. Sounds good. Torres: I'm using the thermal camera along the perimeter of the cemetery looking for wildlife or any other possible explanations for sightings in the area. Chobot: Starting call and response. This is jessica. Will you talk with me? If there's anyone here whose graves were disturbed by lake lanier, now's your time to have your say. Delia, are you there? Can you reach out to me? Can you give me a sign? Gates: Jessica and phil are conducting an overnight investigation in a cemetery that contains the remains of the so-called lady of the lake, delia young. It's also where a number of eyewitnesses have reported seeing her spirit wandering in her blue dress. Delia, if you're here, can you reach out to me? Phil, I just started asking questions to delia. And right when I said, "delia, are you there? Reach out to me," I think I got a response. Should I come find you? Yeah, come find me. Look for my flashlight. I'm gonna head towards the woods. Delia, if you're there, can you reach out to me? Okay. That's weird. This must have been the sound I heard. These chimes were going crazy, and they're still moving, and there is no wind. What's going on? So what I was doing was call and response to delia, and the wind chimes went off. Do you see anything on the thermal? Torres: Maybe it was an animal or a bird or something. Scan up ahead. Scan a little bit. This is dense in here. Chobot: Delia, was that you making the chimes swing? Nothing right now. Is that a cross? Oh, yeah. Yes, it is. There's a... wait. There's two crossed. One over here. Oh, I didn't even see this one. We have one here, one here. Wow. Do you think it was one of the bodies that was moved? I have no idea, but just think about it. That cemetery back there was so official... Tombstones and everything, everything looked completely well-documented. Over here, we have, like, two old pieces of wood. Well, why don't we do a call and response down here? And I'd also like to set up the I.R. Wireless system. Chobot: I'm setting up three infrared cameras to conduct an experiment. Earlier when I called out to delia, I heard the distinct sound of wind chimes. With zero wind tonight, the question is whether an animal could have set them off. Since our thermal camera found no sign of any animals, my money is on delia. Alright. Got the camera system initialized. Everything's about to go online here in just a second. Okay, phil, how's that? Alright. Cameras are online. If it was delia who responded to me, maybe she's ready to come out in the open and show herself with the help of a trigger object... A blue dress similar to the one she was wearing the night she died. Delia, are you here? You were trying to signal me earlier. Was that you making the chimes swing? I brought you a dress in your favorite color. I put it on the ground over there. Do you want to try it on? My name is jessica. Delia, are you here? Will you talk with me? Jess, I'm getting some movement. Unless I'm crazy, the arm of the dress just moved a little bit. That makes no sense. There's no breeze. It was the right arm of the dress. Alright. This one? Yep, that's the arm. That one right there. I don't know. Maybe something was moving on the ground under the dress? So how did it move? It was a slow movement, but maybe an inch or two off the ground. Scared the out of me. What happened? My flashlight just got knocked over by itself. I'm kind of freaked out over here. I mean, I'm over here right now and there's no breeze whatsoever. I don't know. Holy Did you hear that? It sounded like a scream. I'm gonna go after it. It was right behind me, right back there somewhere. Look, look here. Do you see something on your thermal? Did you hear that? Uh... Is that coyotes? I don't think that was coyotes. No. The lake that phil and jessica are investigating just north of atlanta was built around the same time as another man-made lake on the other side of the world, one that was also associated with strange phenomena. Lake kariba straddles the border between zambia and zimbabwe. And when it was filled in the late 1950s, it became the world's largest man-made lake by volume. Almost immediately, locals claimed there was something strange about this unnatural lake. They even blamed it for a series of powerful earthquakes that swept through the region. So was this a case of angry spirits making their displeasure known? In this case, no, because it turns out the locals were correct. The lake was likely to blame for the earthquakes. Geologists theorize that the lake's more than 200 billion tons of water created seismic disturbances felt up to 100 miles away. It just goes to show that redirecting that much water is gonna have an impact with or without paranormal activity. Chobot: Did you see something on your thermal? Did you hear that? Uh... Is that coyotes? I don't think that was coyotes. Gates: Jess and phil are in a georgia cemetery investigating the paranormal reports of a spirit known as the lady of the lake. After witnessing a series of strange events, they hear what sounds like a female scream in the woods. Torres: It is colder over here. Chobot: Yeah, it is colder over here. Let's listen. Do you hear it anymore? Wow. We're at the lake. There we go. We are right at the water. Look at that. That's delia. This whole time, she's been having us come down here, where rachel and others have said they've seen delia's spirit. I mean, we had the chimes go off by the edge of the forest when I was doing the call and response with delia. Delia, if you are here, can you reach out to me? You told me the dress moved. Yeah. It could have been the wind. And what was that sound? Chobot: Did you hear that? Leading us to what? Torres: To the lake. I get it. It's... it's a weird coincidence. I feel like there's something out here. Delia, are you here? Torres: While jess now conducts a call and response next to the lake where delia died, I scan the shoreline with the thermal camera. We search for another two hours, but don't pick up any unexpected temperature fluctuations or additional mysterious sounds. We head back into the woods to retrieve our infrared cameras for analysis. Gates: With the sun coming up, the team is eager to review their evidence. Alright. Okay. Well... The underwater discovery of graves seems to confirm that not everything was relocated before this region was flooded. That, to me, says a lot of the rumors from the past are true here. People talk about there being unexcavated graves. There you go. I mean, clearly this wasn't excavated. So somebody had a job to do, but they didn't do it. Jessica has enhanced the audio from their underwater call and response and turned up an intriguing result. There's something I want you to listen to. Torres: Are you upset with the creation of the lake? Huh. Isn't that weird? It is a little weird. I mean, it's hard to tell for sure, but, to me, it sounds like voices. Have you ever heard anything like that before? No. I will say in a big lake, the sound of a distant motor could be weird, but I can't place it. So for last night's investigation, this is the footage that I downloaded off the I.R. Cam. Okay. And this is camera 3. See that? You are not kidding. There it is. Oh, my god. That is super weird. When you were telling me about this, I expected something pretty subtle. Her arm's moving. And then my flashlight fell over. That's weird, right? There's just too many strange things that have happened on lake lanier to write this off as anything less than paranormal phenomenon. And I believe this is all occurring because of the total mishandling of gravesites and bodies back in the 1950s. What I saw at the bottom of the lake with those graveyards, that will stick with me the rest of my life. So I will give you this, jess. If there is any lake that could be haunted, it's probably lake lanier. I'll take it. But I absolutely think it's haunted. Gates: Whether the many accidents and strange occurrences around lake lanier are paranormal... Or just unlucky coincidences depends on what you believe. We now know this region is home to submerged burials and a long history of eyewitness encounters. So if you happen to be swimming here or walking late at night, be sure to stay alert. You might just be the next person to meet the lady of the lake. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 