The Greeks: Season 1, Episode 1 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 The Greeks 
 s1e1 - Cavemen to Kings - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 The Greeks (2016–…): Season 1, Episode 1 - Cavemen to Kings - full transcript 
 They rose from nothing - and changed everything. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 NARRATOR: They rose from nothing... and changed everything. ♪♪ HALL (off-screen): The ancient Greeks changed the world in about 1,000 years flat. ♪♪ HUGHES (off-screen): This was a time and a place when there was a collision of ideas and inspiration that resulted in a truly extraordinary culture. NARRATOR: But of all the many great civilizations in the ancient world, what made this one so special? 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 CLINE (off-screen): People talk about the greatness of Greece. Why them, why there? That's the question. NARRATOR: And why are we, millennia later, so intimately linked to the radical revolution that took place here? COSMOPOULOS (off-screen): Ancient Greece and our modern society are connected. We cannot possibly understand our society if we do not understand how it was born and how it developed. NARRATOR: It's a story for the ages... and for today.... of attaining greatness and losing it. TYSON: How long did ancient Greece last? Was it forever? No, it was fleeting. KOTTARIDI: It was the beginning 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 of a beautiful new era of civilization. (tapping) NARRATOR: It's been nearly 2,500 years since workers put the finishing touches on the Western world's most iconic structure. 100,000 tons of the finest marble. More than 70,000 individual segments. Exquisite sculptures... all came together in majestic symmetry on this high rocky outcrop to proclaim the supremacy of Athens, a civilization at its peak. TYSON: To stand there, I got a little chill. You know, the hairs stood up on the back of my neck. TYSON (off-screen): I would say almost a spiritual moment for me. HUGHES (off-screen): These beautiful statues and monuments declare to the world that they have achieved extraordinary levels of civilization. NARRATOR: Two and a half millennia later, workers are racing to rescue the Parthenon from the ravages of time. Centuries of wars, earthquakes, looting, plundering, have taken their toll. Yet, it still stands, a proud reminder of human achievement. One that continues to inspire, even through the most trying of times. Not just in Greece, but wherever people strive for democracy. (shouting). When navigating the present, the answers often lie in the past. The Greek writer Herodotus, the world's first historian, taught us that. MICHAEL (off-screen): There is a great deal of continuity from ancient Greece to modern society. They are part of the same cultural continuum. NARRATOR: The people who raised these columns certainly had their share of challenges, Tyranny and famine, economic and environmental collapse, endless wars, an abysmal human rights record. Yet somehow they invented everything from science and philosophy to drama and democracy. Greece, not Egypt, not Persia, not Rome, became the cornerstone of Western civilization. The question is, how? HALL: If we don't ask them how they did it and why they did it, then we are not even attempting to understand the world as a whole. NARRATOR: It turns out the Greeks themselves were seeking to understand their extraordinary rise long before we were. Greek myths tell us they were born out of chaos, quite literally, "chaos" being the Greek word for chasm or void. From the void at the dawn of the universe arose Gods like Gaia, Earth... Uranus... Sky... Tartarus, the underworld... and Eros, love. Through a violent succession of infanticide and patricide, jealousy, deceit, and revenge, this first generation of divinities gave rise to the Gods of Olympus, Zeus, Poseidon, Hades, Athena, and all the others. And ultimately, that godforsaken mortal species, humans, to toil away on Earth. Yet the myths also tell of one figure who took pity on us humans, rescued us from oblivion, and paid the price for it. ♪♪ The Greek playwright Aeschylus wrote of this hero's travails at the height of Greece's Golden Age more than 2,500 years ago. His name was Prometheus. The play, Prometheus Bound. Tonight, nearly 6,000 people file into a theater as old as drama itself, the Epidaurus, to experience it just as their ancestors would have. (applause) (Nousias speaking Greek) NARRATOR: Tasos Nousias plays the leading role. NOUSIAS (off-screen): Prometheus is a titan, he is a God. Zeus had decided to eradicate mankind. NOUSIAS (off-screen): Prometheus is the one who stands up for the people. Without him, mankind would be lost. HALL: So he actually steals fire from Olympus. Humans haven't got it. They are still living in horrible caves, they've got no heat, they've got no light, they can't make anything new, they can't cook. HALL (off-screen): And he gives them fire, and of course that is the precise inflammatory moment when the human race takes off, and they started inventing everything. ♪♪ NARRATOR: With fire, the rebellious Prometheus endows mortals with all the elements of civilization. There was farming... PROMETHEUS (off-screen): They had no sign of winter, or flowery spring, or fruitful summer, until I taught them to note the risings and settings of the stars. NARRATOR: Science... PROMETHEUS (off-screen): Yes, and numbers, the basis of science, I invented for them. NARRATOR: Language... PROMETHEUS (off-screen): And the combining of letters, mother of the muses' arts, with which to hold all things in memory. NARRATOR: Literature, philosophy, democracy, drama. When this play first debuted, they were all just making their grand entrances onto the world stage. ♪♪ HALL (off-screen): Prometheus, of course, suffers terribly, and Zeus attaches him to a mountain and he has an eagle to chew at his liver in, in posterity. But inside every ancient Greek head was the idea that if somebody was trying to deprive you of something that would help you, you could go get it, so that is this rebellious spirit of the ancient Greeks incarnate in an ancient titan god. (speaking Greek) HUGHES (off-screen): What the author Aeschylus was telling us is that humans should use their wits and their wisdom and their will to try to make their own lives better. NARRATOR: Of course, this play came at the peak of Greece's Golden Age. By then, even the ancients knew that their many achievements weren't simply gifts from the gods. They were hard earned over generations. The true story behind their dramatic rise lies beyond the myths and begins many thousands of years earlier... when, as Prometheus tells us... PROMETHEUS (off-screen): They had no knowledge of houses built of bricks, nor how to work in wood, but lived underground like swarming ants in sunless caves. PARKINSON (off-screen): Classical Greece didn't just come out of nowhere. If you really want to understand where the Greece of Athens, the Greece of the Acropolis came from, you need to look way back in the past. PARKINSON (off-screen): You need to look several thousand years back in the past at places like this. ♪♪ NARRATOR: This is Alepotrypa Cave on Southern Greece's Mani Peninsula, a cave used by some of the earliest farmers in Europe. PAPATHANASIOU (off-screen): It is very important site. It's the richest cave in Greece and one of the richest in Europe. NARRATOR: Some have suggested it was the mythical gateway to Hades, the Greek underworld, and it's easy to see why. In various pockets all around this nearly 1,000-foot long cavern, scientists have exhumed more than 150 bodies. ♪♪ Archaeologists Anastasia Papathanasiou and Bill Parkinson continue to find more. PARKINSON (off-screen): From 8,000 years ago until about 5,000 years ago, agricultural villagers, farmers, some of the first farmers in Europe, buried their dead in here. They carried out ritual activities here, and these are the people who eventually laid the foundation for what became classical Greece. NARRATOR: Compared to other ancient civilizations, it seems the people here in Greece never had it easy. The cave provides a window into a key period in human history, the Neolithic. (grunting) When by around 10,000 years ago, humans first started to give up hunting and gathering, and began settling down. PAPATHANASIOU (off-screen): It's the first time period in human life that the people, they start living in a way like us. (moos) They are agriculturalists. They base their diet mostly on grains like us today. NARRATOR: Depending on where you lived and what resources you had access to, some societies during the Neolithic were much more primed for greatness than others. The Egyptians had their Nile. Its predictable floods became the lifeblood of the fertile crescent, as did the Tigris and Euphrates to the North. Here fertile plains fed booming populations, allowing expansive Mesopotamian civilizations to flourish. Further East, Indian civilizations thrived in the valley carved by the Indus River. While the Yellow River gave rise to the first Chinese settlements and dynasties. In Southern Greece, people weren't quite so fortunate. There was no mighty river, no nutrient-rich soil. Here, as an ancient saying goes, the Gods threw down a pile of rocks. PARKINSON (off-screen): Parts of Greece are extremely rocky. You know, you basically have mountains and sea. There's very little arable land, there aren't many flat spaces. It's kind of hard as a farmer to eke a living out of that environment. NARRATOR: Just outside of Alepotrypa Cave, new finds tell a dark tale about how difficult life here in the Neolithic was. PARKINSON: How we doing? NARRATOR: Parkinson and his team have uncovered the skeleton of an infant and a young couple in a tender embrace. PARKINSON (off-screen): We've got at least two, probably three individuals, right, because we've got, we've got fragments of a fifth leg. MAN: All right. NARRATOR: With resources scarce, it seems competition was fierce. PARKINSON (off-screen): Together, so we can understand all of it. NARRATOR: Nearly a third of the people discovered here suffered blunt force trauma, likely the result of tribal wars over resources or territory. Average life span was just 29 years. PAPATHANASIOU (off-screen): They had lots of physical stress. Their diet wasn't optimal. PAPATHANASIOU (off-screen): They have a low content of iron and animal protein. We have high infant mortality. NARRATOR: Taken together, the skeletons reveal a bleak picture for these early Greeks. By the time the cave collapsed around 5,000 years ago, the nearby settlements were collapsing along with it. The Greeks may have become nothing more than a historical footnote were it not for one obvious, albeit forbidding, advantage. HUGHES (off-screen): There is an interesting thing about Greece is that wherever you are, you are never more than 50 miles away from the sea, so the sea, you can almost see and hear it. It is part of your experience. ♪♪ NARRATOR: With its inlets and islands, Greece has one of the highest proportions of coastline to land area on Earth. And with such limited resources, the sea became a lifeline. COSMOPOULOS (off-screen): Having to survive in a very difficult environment made people stronger. It made people tough, it made people defiant. COSMOPOULOS (off-screen): It made people turn to the sea. HALL: The Greeks were actually forced by their own terrain into becoming brilliant navigators very, very early on. NARRATOR: Some of the earliest archaeological evidence of their voyages dates to more than 10,000 years ago, when a type of highly prized obsidian found only on the volcanic island of Milos, turned up on mainland Greece. Milos is just one in a circular cluster of islands in the Aegean Sea, aptly named the Cyclades. CARLSON (off-screen): These islands, on a very practical level, made it possible for the first seafarers to navigate around the Aegean to basically island-hop the same way tourists do today, and that played a really pivotal role in the development of Greece. PARKINSON (off-screen): One of the critical things that happens is the development of a new kind of boat. It's called a longboat, and this lets you move way more stuff. You can go way further. NARRATOR: In addition to obsidian, longboats allowed early mariners here to haul resources like silver, copper, lead, and marble around the Aegean. By 3200 B.C., people had settled the islands, and a new culture was born. The Cycladic people, as they've come to be known, would put their mineral resources to exquisite use, carving intricate marble statues and figurines, some of them life size. PARKINSON (off-screen): Some people think they're deities. They might be gods, they might be representations of goddesses. We know that they have some sort of a ritual connotation, and that's because they're almost all from burials. NARRATOR: Whatever the intent, their minimalist, abstract features would echo through the ages, inspiring the likes of Picasso and Modigliani. But beyond their art, the Cycladic people may have left an even more indelible legacy on the creation of Greece. Their islands became a crossroads of goods, ideas, and cultures bridging the entire eastern Mediterranean. PARKINSON (off-screen): They're living on these islands, they rely on the sea, they know the sea. And because of the seafaring skills that they developed, they're all of the sudden plugged into this huge network that's linking all of the eastern Mediterranean together, and that's about to become hugely important. NARRATOR: Especially around 5,000 years ago when the Stone Age gave way to the Bronze, and the world's first global economy. Today it's oil that makes the world go round. But back then, the economy was driven by an amalgamation of 90% copper to 10% tin, heated to a blistering 1,100 degrees Celsius. PARKINSON (off-screen): When you mix that copper with another alloy, another kind of metal, it becomes hard. Now you can start to use it for weapons, you can start to use it for functional tools. NARRATOR: Versatile as bronze was, few had the copper or tin to produce it. CLINE (off-screen): The copper is mostly from Cyprus. That's where we've got the name, in fact, Kypros. The majority of tin in the Bronze Age is coming from what we would call Afghanistan today. CLINE (off-screen): That's a trip of thousands of miles. NARRATOR: Demand for bronze spawned trading networks from Egypt and the Middle East all the way to Italy, with goods like gold, ivory, and pottery being exchanged for copper and tin. Much like today, the Mediterranean became a shipping superhighway. HUGHES: There's a kind of vogue for the idea of globalization, but I tell you that is nothing new. This was a very globalized world. NARRATOR: With their central location and command of the sea, early Greeks would have been well positioned to partake in this Bronze Age trade. But archaeological evidence of their involvement can be hard to come by. Much of it lies at the bottom of the sea. One treasure trove of clues has been the Uluburun, one of the oldest, most complete shipwrecks ever discovered. She went down in the eastern Aegean in the heyday of the Bronze Age around 3,500 years ago. Underwater archaeologists at the Institute of Nautical Archaeology in Bodrum, Turkey, have been diving on the site since the 1980s. So far, they've recovered nearly 20,000 artifacts... including over 100 amphorae, the shipping containers of the ancient world... and enough copper and tin to yield 11 tons of bronze. EKMEKCI (off-screen): We are lucky that they sank and we found them. NARRATOR: Tuba Ekmekci directs the research center. EKMEKCI (off-screen): It is like a time-capsule ship loaded on one date and starts sailing and sank. So everything belongs one date. EKMEKCI (off-screen): The copper was coming from Cyprus, the tin was coming from Afghanistan area. NARRATOR: There was amber from the Baltic, ebony and ivory from Africa, and glass ingots from Egypt. EKMEKCI (off-screen): It was like a United Nations, everywhere. Think about this, all these objects coming from completely different places and got together in one boat. NARRATOR: In all, the ship was carrying some 20 tons of luxury goods and raw materials from nearly a dozen different ancient cultures, the most revealing snapshot we have of Bronze Age trade. And many believe she was headed for the Aegean Islands. CLINE: One of the questions that we ask is of course what would the rest of the world possibly want from Greece at this time? (seabirds calling) NARRATOR: Trade fueled the most powerful Bronze Age civilizations, and the early Greeks would have needed to bring something to the table. The first clues about what they offered came from one of the largest islands in the Mediterranean, Crete, where by around 2,000 B.C., a new dominant culture had overtaken the people of the Cyclades. Though they left behind some of the most extraordinary palaces in antiquity... who they were, where they came from, and what language they spoke are still a mystery. Even the name modern day archaeologists ascribed to them comes from Greek mythology. The Minoans from Minos, the infamous King of Crete. During his reign, King Minos exacted a gruesome tax on prisoners and innocents alike, casting them into a treacherous labyrinth in the depths of his palace. There, they'd face a frightening beast, the half-man, half-bull, Minotaur... which would devour them whole. Archaeological evidence, however, is painting a very different picture of the people who lived here. VLAZAKI: The Minoans developed the first great European civilization. VLAZAKI (off-screen): They came into contact early on with the great palaces of Egypt and Mesopotamia, and they in turn founded great palaces. NARRATOR: The Egyptians had a big head start on the Minoans, having built their great pyramids and Sphinx some 500 years earlier. But by 2000 B.C., as goods and people were moving around the Mediterranean, inspired Minoans began raising majestic structures of their own. Palaces like this one at Knossos, the ancient capital, were astonishingly advanced. Complete with paved streets, the first in Europe, flush toilets and a sewer system. HUGHES (off-screen): This is a very early civilization, and yet if you walk through the palaces that the Minoans created, you're passing through the most exquisite artifacts and architecture that you would still be pushed to try find around you in the modern world. They created buildings that had anti-earthquake engineering, beautiful fine teacups that are as fine as the kind of greatest Chinese porcelain, amazing gold jewelry and earrings and necklaces. HUGHES (off-screen): So this is an incredibly sophisticated culture. NARRATOR: And with the Minoans' command of the sea, this culture didn't stay on Crete. The Minoans took over many of the nearby Cycladic Islands, including Santorini. Today, of course, the island is a major tourist destination. Back then, it was a strategic trading post that gave the Minoans access to powerful neighbors. But to play in the big leagues with the likes of the Hittite Empire in Mesopotamia or the Egyptians, the Minoans would have to offer more than fancy pots and jewelry. CLINE: If you look to the Egypt and the eastern Mediterranean, what do you find that is from Greece? Well, you find a lot of their pottery. NARRATOR: And inside the pottery? CLINE (off-screen): Probably some of it is perfume. Wine is certainly not out of the question. ♪♪ NARRATOR: And one other commodity that to this day speaks to Greek ingenuity and resourcefulness. About an hour's drive from Knossos, Stelios Kaliouris' family has been cultivating olive trees for generations. Olive oil practically flows through people's veins on Crete. It's used in soaps, medicines, for storing foods, even christening babies. And it was every bit as desirable back in the Bronze Age. But starting and tending olive groves isn't nearly as easy as Stelios makes it look. HALL (off-screen): It's an incredible amount of physical labor, and it takes many years to settle in before you get a really good crop. So what this required of the ancient Greeks was, was, was considerable planning. HALL (off-screen): You might never see a decent crop. It would be your grandson who did before it started taking any profit. NARRATOR: Only an innovative, resourceful, and patient people were able to unlock the olive's potential and reap the rewards. HALL (off-screen): The olive is fundamental to the ancient Greek and indeed, the modern Greek identity. It's also good for trading with. NARRATOR: Demand for Minoan olive oil was so high, once it began flowing, it bankrolled their civilization. HALL (off-screen): So the olive, one way or another, tells you a very great deal about the Greek personality and intellect. NARRATOR: And thanks to another great Minoan creation, we get a vivid depiction of what Minoan life was like. HUGHES (off-screen): Amazing frescoes describing their world and their ideas about both culture and about the Gods around them. NARRATOR: The frescoes depicted a world of plenty, with strong, youthful heroes, bountiful wildlife, lush landscapes, and vivid illustrations of how the Minoans interacted with and tamed the sea. VLAZAKI (off-screen): When civilization is under development, they do more things, not just to eat and to put clothes on them. Minoans developed a nice life, a way to live better than before. TYSON (off-screen): Successful civilizations are the ones that manage to bestow upon its citizenry the luxury of time that enabled them to think about things other than their own survival. NARRATOR: Minoan frescoes became the envy of the Mediterranean world. Their remnants have been found as far away as Egypt, Israel and Turkey. CLINE (off-screen): We don't' know that they are actually made by people from Crete or if they are locals that are trained in that style. You really can't tell. But definitely either the artists themselves are being sent around or maybe people from the Near East that went to Crete learned how to paint in that style and then come back. NARRATOR: However it happened, this kind of exchange represents a crucial moment for the world. COSMOPOULOS: So when you travel to other places, you don't just bring back products. You bring back also ideas. PARKINSON (off-screen): Interaction is absolutely critical for innovation. When cultures come into contact and are exchanging information, that creates new information. It sort of builds on itself. NARRATOR: It's clear the Minoans were key players in this globalized idea trade... but their role in Greece's rise didn't last long. Beginning in around 1600 B.C., right at the height of their civilization, life began to crumble. For years, the leading theory for the Minoans' collapse was that they were brought down by a massive volcanic eruption on Santorini. The eruption left behind the familiar Crater Bay we see here today. It was even offered up as proof for the myth of Atlantis. But more recent evidence reveals the volcano did not wipe out the Minoans completely. Excavations on Crete indicate they were still thriving for another 100 years after Santorini exploded. The more likely culprit is less cataclysmic perhaps, but more insidious. Long before Santorini blew her top, a fresco discovered here at Akrotiri suggests the Minoans may have suffered a more violent fate. The fresco depicts an invasion. With the Minoans falling victim to some of the ancient world's fiercest warriors. Donning their trademark boar tusk helmets, these were the Mycenaeans, the next people to carry the torch of Greek civilization. Their kingdoms, centered here at Mycenae on mainland Greece, are the stuff of legend. Hundreds of years later, they would be forever immortalized in paintings and in epic poems like the Iliad and the Odyssey. Not to mention countless Hollywood revivals. It was all inspired by this Mycenaean age of heroes. There was Helen of Troy. HELEN: Beware the Greeks bearing gifts. NARRATOR: And Agamemnon. MAN (off-screen): I will kill thee. AGAMEMNON (off-screen): So shall we all, brother. NARRATOR: And who could forget... MAN (off-screen): The invulnerable Achilles. HUGHES: This was kind of one of the first drafts on Greekness, and, and they were extraordinary. They lived extraordinary, exciting, sumptuous lives, and I'm sure that the later Greeks heard stories about them and were constantly trying to live up to that which had gone before to this age of heroes. NARRATOR: But long before the Mycenaeans became legend, they first had to oust the Minoans. It's not clear how they did it, whether through a series of brutal invasions or just a gradual takeover and assimilation. But one thing is clear throughout Greek history, the culture always seems to carry through. SHELTON: Early on, you can see that the Mycenaeans are really in awe of what the Minoans have, and in some cases I would say they, they even imitate them. COSMOPOULOS (off-screen): We have cases where Mycenaean rulers will decorate their houses, their, their palaces if you want, with wall paintings and frescoes inspired from the Minoans, or they will import Minoan luxury items as signs of their connection with the more sophisticated and powerful culture. NARRATOR: And the Mycenaeans didn't limit these cultural appropriations to the Minoans. Their beehive-shaped burial mounds at Mycenae, for example, resemble underground tombs from Egypt. Mycenae's famed Lion's Gate mimics the sculpted lions flanking the ancient Hittite capital at Hattusa. SHELTON (off-screen): The Mycenaeans were always good at combining things that they liked. They were able to be inspired and even take elements from other cultures, but combine them with their own. NARRATOR: But when it came to the Minoans, the Mycenaeans did more than just borrow. Mycenaean kings took over Minoan palaces, including Knossos. They dominated the Minoans at sea, commandeering their trade routes. Before long, the Minoans faded into history, while the Mycenaeans flourished, expanding their civilization around the Aegean. And the way they held this vast network of states together was with one final Minoan appropriation, writing. Minoans wrote using hieroglyphs, much like the Egyptians, in a script archaeologists call "Linear A." Texts have been found all over palaces like Knossos, but unfortunately not enough to decipher what they say. In perhaps their smartest appropriation of all, the Mycenaeans took the Linear A symbols, adapted them into a new script known as "Linear B" and began using it to jot down words in their own language. Deciphered in the mid-1950s, we now know Linear B is an early form of the Greek language. And since language is the key definer of a civilization, we can now designate the Mycenaeans as the first true Greeks. Thousands of years later, we're still finding and reading their early texts. On the southwest coast of Greece, the town of Pylos straddles both myth and history. In Homer's Odyssey, this is where Telemachus, son of the famed Odysseus, first puts to shore in search of his father. Odysseus had been MIA for the last ten years since fighting the Trojan War. To help him find his dad, the Goddess Athena sent Telemachus to seek the counsel of wise King Nestor, who served with Odysseus in Troy. And for the last seven decades, high on a cliff outside of modern day Pylos, archaeologists have been digging up Nestor's palace. Alongside vats of wine and thousands of ancient cups, Nestor seems to have thrown a good party, were 1,000-odd Linear B tablet fragments. But Shari Stocker, lead excavator here, explains they were a far cry from epic poetry. STOCKER: The Linear B tablets are mostly lists of things, What people bring to the palace, what they owe to the palace, things that are donated to the gods. NARRATOR: Offerings to Zeus and Hermes... goods like olives, barley, goats, and wine. Writing in these early days was the equivalent of census records and product inventories, scratched into clay by ancient accountants to administer society. STOCKER (off-screen): They were never meant to be preserved. They were recorded on clay, but it was raw clay, so at the end of each season, they could just put them in water and, you know, reform the clay and make new tablets. NARRATOR: In fact, the only tablets to survive are the ones that were discarded, accidentally baked and hardened in burning ancient trash heaps, or when a palace was burnt and destroyed. STOCKER: So it's purely happenstance that we have this archive preserved. NARRATOR: Recently, one such piece of ancient trash found at a small town called Iklaina, about 24 miles north of Pylos, became archaeologist Michael Cosmopoulos' treasure. COSMOPOULOS (off-screen): Big box, tiny tablet. WOMAN (off-screen): Whoa. WOMAN (off-screen): Isn't it gorgeous? NARRATOR: It may not look like much, but this is the oldest piece of Greek writing ever discovered. The earliest writing sample from mainland Europe, dating to the 15th century B.C. Like all the other Linear B tablets, it's not the words that have everyone here excited. On one side there's a man's name, "Latukos," followed by the number one. The other side contains what seems to be a heading for a list of goods. But that the tablet was found here at all, way out in the boonies, is a big surprise. SHELMERDINE (off-screen): This is small and there is only one of it. But it is the only tablet that has ever been found at a town site instead of a palace site on the Greek mainland. NARRATOR: Until now, we thought that writing was only used in major cities like Pylos and Mycenae, that no one else could read or write. COSMOPOULOS: Part of the stone. WOMAN: I don't think its part of the stone. NARRATOR: But the Iklaina tablet shows otherwise and that has broader implications. With writing in more common use, the reach of Mycenaean kingdoms may have been much more extensive and advanced. Rulers weren't just recording the comings and goings of goods and workers at their palaces. Writing had given them control over a much wider, more sophisticated network, allowing them to keep track of communities much farther afield. SHELMERDINE (off-screen): If you see written administration, you know that you have hit the big time. That's when we start to talk about states and complex bureaucracy. NARRATOR: For Cosmopoulos' team, this tiny piece of clay offers evidence of an important turning point for Western civilization, the birth of states. COSMOPOULOS: We live in a world of states, but it wasn't always like this. The transition from a world without states to a world where states dominate every aspect of our life, it's one of the most fascinating chapters in human history. NARRATOR: Through Iklaina, we get a sense for how states in early Greece came together, as bigger cities started taking over less powerful ones. COSMOPOULOS: This was a city. This was a city that in many ways was similar to the cities that we have today. For example, there was an area with government buildings, which is where we are standing right now, and the town, the residential quarters, the houses, sprawled all around this area. NARRATOR: There was running water, extensive roads, and massive stone walls, thought by later Greeks to have been built by the mythical Cyclops. Cosmopoulos suspects the thriving city must have been enticing, and that it wasn't long before it was overtaken by a more powerful king based in Pylos. COSMOPOULOS: With every territory that he annexed, his state expanded, became more complex. COSMOPOULOS (off-screen): You have the central capital, Tituk, and then a number of district, semi-independent, capitals. This is the hypothesis that we are working on. NARRATOR: The Mycenaeans likely went on absorbing cities and territories across Greece in this way as they expanded their empire. By around 1200 B.C., they'd earned their legendary reputation. For those at the top, life was good. COSMOPOULOS (off-screen): If you were a member of the upper class, it would have been wonderful because you would live in a palatial residence, a mansion. Likely you would have slaves. NARRATOR: But Bronze Age prosperity hardly trickled down. HUGHES (off-screen): So this was not in any way egalitarian. It was only a certain tiny, tiny, tiny percentage of the Greeks who were benefiting. It is almost so perfect for so few, it's bound to collapse. NARRATOR: And collapse it did. If there were headlines in 1200 B.C., they would sound freakishly familiar to ours today. CLINE (off-screen): We have drought. We have famine. We've got earthquakes. We have invaders, we have internal rebellions. NARRATOR: There were even mystery warriors from the sea, according to ancient texts. And some, or all of these, brought the Mycenaeans to their knees. COSMOPOULOS (off-screen): Civilization is obliterated. Little by little, the Mycenaean capitals are either abandoned or some of them are destroyed violently. By approximately 1000 B.C., the Mycenaean civilization is a thing of the past. NARRATOR: And the devastation wasn't confined to Greece. Once the dominoes began to fall, the globalized Bronze Age world would never be the same. CLINE (off-screen): We've got a systems collapse, is what we've got here. Over a period of 200 years, you go from the height of civilization to almost absolutely nothing. (screaming) The great empires are gone. No more Hittites, no more Assyrians, no more Babylonians. Even the Egyptians have been so weakened that they are just a shadow of what they had once been. NARRATOR: It was the worst collapse in human history. We weren't back to living in caves exactly, but civilization suffered a tragic blow. Those gifts Prometheus had endowed upon the Greeks, writing, science, art, were all but extinguished. CLINE: So we get what we refer to as the first Dark Ages. CLINE (off-screen): And out of that, they have to climb back up. They will. We are going to get classical Greece. We are going to get Athens and Sparta and democracy. But it is going to take a while. (applause) NARRATOR: The opulent Bronze Age was over, but the lights didn't go out on Greece completely. Were it not for these dark times, in fact, the Greeks might never have achieved the Golden Age to come. VLAZAKI: We have the great destructions, but in the universe, one civilization ends and another rises from the ashes. NARRATOR: Like the mythical Greek Phoenix, out of the ashes of palaces and kingdoms would rise a new civilization. And this time the gods' gifts wouldn't be reserved for a select few elite. They'd be available to everyone. HUGHES (off-screen): It is very rarely that there is a total disaster. As a species, we are very good at finding the benefit, of managing to kind of make things better even if it can take us quite a few centuries to do that. NARRATOR: Born out of chaos, delivered from caves, tested by the sea... and forged in an age of heroes and bronze, these restless, resourceful, innovative people would finally be free to carry the torch of progress on their own. OpenSubtitles recommends using Nord VPN from 3.49 USD/month ----> osdb.link/vpn 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 