The Greeks: Season 1, Episode 2 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 The Greeks 
 s1e2 - The Good Strife - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 The Greeks (2016–…): Season 1, Episode 2 - The Good Strife - full transcript 
 Explore history as the ancient Greeks emerge from the first dark ages. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 NARRATOR: They brought us democracy, epic poetry, science... and the Olympic spirit. (horn honks) And yet, mention Greece these days and you're more likely to think ATM lines, government bailouts, and economic collapse. HUGHES (off-screen): They are in an impossible economic situation, but I think the Greeks draw inspiration 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 from their own past. NARRATOR: 3,000 years ago, Greece, and much of the Mediterranean world for that matter, faced hardships unlike anything humans had before. War and famine... economic and environmental meltdowns, mass migrations. It was the worst collapse in human history. The sophisticated Greek civilizations of the Bronze Age, first the Minoans, then the Mycenaeans, faded into memory. HUGHES (off-screen): You have these amazing civilizations in the Greek Bronze Age, 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 incredible examples of human achievement and someone or something brings that all crashing down. NARRATOR: And yet, somehow, the Greeks who emerged from this Dark Age would be the first to write in verse, posit a theory of nature, and vote in an election. OBER (off-screen): Imagine that there was never a collapse, it's very unlikely that we would have what we think of as Greek civilization. NARRATOR: Through one of history's darkest chapters... individuals striving to be better, would band together, build a new society and ultimately change the world. CAMP: You are supposed to try to be the best you can. NARRATOR: From strife rose the foundations of Western civilization. (man speaking Greek) NARRATOR: In Greece these days, the signs of strife are inescapable. (speaking Greek) NARRATOR: Citizens are outraged over the current economic crisis. (shouting in Greek) (explosion) NARRATOR: It's especially demoralizing in a country where reminders of civilization's former glories are everywhere. Many are finding creative ways to express their concerns. In Athens, graffiti blankets practically every wall in the city. (speaking Greek) DIMITRI (off-screen): It's a kind of jungle at the moment. All this confusion taking place in Greece. It's a way out, a way for each person to show their anger. Of course, through this, beautiful things emerge. NARRATOR: One Athenian artist in particular seems to be drawing on the ancients for inspiration, invoking their wisdom to protest everything from corruption to austerity to greed. His murals are widely recognized not only in Greece, but throughout the world, even if the artist himself prefers to remain anonymous. He's known only as Ino. Today, on a prominent building in Athens' bustling port of Piraeus, he's starting on a new mural, one that he hopes will inspire fellow Greeks and incite change in his country. INO (off-screen): Many people, they want everything ready in the dish. They want things, but they don't try, so to have a change, you must try. INO (off-screen): For me that is what keeps you alive. You're poor if you have everything, and if you don't fight for something. NARRATOR: It's a sentiment Ino could have pulled straight out of ancient Greece. That strife can bring out the best in people is an age-old notion. But for the Greeks, it would form the basis of their identity. "Without strife," the ancient Greek poet Hesiod wrote nearly 3,000 years ago, "there could be no greatness." So long as it's the right kind of strife. HESIOD (off-screen): Indeed on this Earth, two kinds exist. For one fosters evil, war and battle, her, no man loves; the second, set in the roots of the Earth, she is far kinder to men. She stirs up even the lazy to toil; for a man grows eager to work when he considers his neighbor, a rich man who hastens to plough and plant. Neighbor vies with neighbor as he hurries after wealth. This strife is wholesome for man. CAMP: The very earliest lines of Greek literature are Hesiod telling you about bad strife, which creates war and death, and a good strife, which makes men strive against each other to be the best and it says, "poet against poet, potter against potter." HALL: Or a painter competes with a painter. He even says a beggar can compete with a, another beggar. OBER (off-screen): Hesiod sees the advantage of hard work. He sees competition as being valuable. Potter contends against potter. Doesn't mean that people were cutting each other's throats. It means that people were trying to make better pots in a world that saw some market in good pots. NARRATOR: It's a work ethic that may have lifted Ino's Greek ancestors out of some very dark times. A little more than 3,000 years ago, hundreds of years before Athens' glorious Golden Age, Greece and societies across the Mediterranean faced struggles unlike anything we've experienced in modern times, famine, mass migrations, a global economic collapse. The Mycenaean empire, whose extravagant palaces in Mycenae and Pylos would inspire the likes of the Iliad and the Odyssey, was brought to its knees. CLINE (off-screen): Over a period over 200 years, you go from the height of civilization to almost absolutely nothing. CLINE (off-screen): Everything that they've known in the Bronze Age suddenly collapses. NARRATOR: Archaeologists call this period, from 1200 down to 800 B.C., the Greek Dark Age... since so few hallmarks of civilization have been found. And yet, even if people may have been building and writing less during this time, scholars are beginning to recognize that culture didn't vanish completely. HUGHES: There is no time when the light of civilization and society is completely extinguished. There are always glimmers somewhere. NARRATOR: Kings and palaces were gone, but the commoners were still there to pick up the pieces. NAGY: Think of it as a pyramid where the entire society is defined, let's say, by the pinnacle, so what happens is that the top of the pyramid is lopped off, but everything underneath is there. HALL (off-screen): We do know that the basic Greek way of life, these small craftsman, these peasant farmers, these seagoing traders, stayed basically the same. NARRATOR: Only now for the first time in history and in true Hesiodic fashion, the fruits of their hard work, skills and talents didn't go to a select few elite at the top. The workers themselves would have a shot at the good life. ♪ ♪ HALE (off-screen): Out of this comes one of the most distinctive Greek possessions that we have still to define the West, the cult of the individual. It is the supreme opportunity given to each of us as individuals to make our own identity, make our own world, make our own life. ♪ ♪ HUGHES (off-screen): I think the Greeks keep hold of this idea that they are somehow special, that they have potential. Then even if times was hard, they have a kind of pluckiness and a grit and really they are creating the conditions for change that allow the glories of Greece then to emerge 100 or so years later. (singing in Greek) ♪ ♪ (applause) NARRATOR: The earliest evidence to suggest this timeless Greek identity endured through the Dark Age comes from a small poem, inscribed in a most unlikely place... the side of an ancient wine pot called the cup of Nestor. It's early in the 8th century B.C. A group of Greek traders, having sailed from Rhodes off the western coast of Turkey, where the pot originated, to the island of Ischia off of Italy where it was discovered, are kicking back. HALL: Once they get to their destination to sell the pot, presumably, guess what. They're Greeks; they decide to have a drinking party. HALL (off-screen): And there are three men who are having a competition in making a poem, witty one-liners. NARRATOR: They pass the pot between them, each one scribbling a verse in their own handwriting. HALL (off-screen): I am the cup of Nestor, good for drinking from. Whoever drinks from this cup, on him straightaway will come desire for Aphrodite of the lovely crown. NARRATOR: In other words... HALL (off-screen): If you drink wine out of this cup, you will begin to feel extremely sexy indeed and want to find a woman as beautiful as the goddess of love, Aphrodite. NARRATOR: They are just three lines of verse, but they reveal a lot about the Greeks who lived during this mysterious time. The cup was found on a remote island hundreds of miles from Greece, so we know that like their Minoan and Mycenaean ancestors, they continued to be seafaring. The writing itself is new, not the linear script of their Mycenaean predecessors, but innovative letters adapted from the Phoenicians, Greek, the earliest example ever found. HALE (off-screen): The very first use of letters we have, the oldest one that we've discovered for Greece, is an expression of personal feeling, of personality. HALE (off-screen): Well, that's not what Phoenicians used letters for. That's not what people in the near East or Egypt used writing for. Writing in those worlds belonged to the authority structure, to kings, to priests. NARRATOR: The suggestion of a game implies competitiveness. They're getting drunk and cracking jokes, so it seems they know how to have a good time. HALL (off-screen): They're laughing at sex, they're witty, they're verbal, they're already completely Greek just as they were 500 years before in Mycenae. NARRATOR: They'd gone through the worst collapse in human history, but within only a few hundred years, absent the centralized power of kings and bureaucracy, Greeks were forging a new social order for themselves, rebuilding their civilization from the bottom up. HALE (off-screen): The idea that you could go and parlay your wealth or skills into a new social identity, where you could pull yourself up by your bootstraps, where you could elevate your rank, this is anathema in the autocratic kingdoms of Egypt, Mesopotamia, Persia. It's what Greece is all about. NARRATOR: Of course, there was no Greece just yet. No Athens, no Sparta, just disparate groups of people. But there was something binding them together, a common language... and some of the greatest stories ever told. MAN (off-screen): The Golden Age of adventure surges to life again. NARRATOR: We've all heard the epic stories of the Trojan War... of Achilles and Agamemnon, Helen and Odysseus and of the gods, Zeus, Poseidon, Athena, and the many others who put the heroes through their paces. MAN (off-screen): When men like us and gods like men live and love violently. NARRATOR: Well, the post-Dark Age Greeks would have been well-versed in them, too. In fact, it may well have been these epic stories that kept them going when their civilization was falling down around them. MAN: Kill them all! COSMOPOULOS (off-screen): When you go through a period of difficulty, when you go through a crisis, your instinct is to return to your roots. CLINE: That's one of the hallmarks of a systems collapse is that the group after the collapse looks back and tells stories about what it was like back when men were men, that, oh, that was back in the day. NARRATOR: From the Bronze Age collapse in about 1200 B.C. and for hundreds of years through the Dark Age, people passed the stories down orally, from generation to generation, town to town, through wandering poets, capable of memorizing and reciting hundreds of thousands of lines of verse. Until finally, sometime in the middle of the 8th century B.C., good old Hesiod and another guy, the Greek poet Homer, used their new high-tech alphabet to write them down. HALL: The Greeks were extremely proud of three very long poems, which they all learned by heart in childhood, The Iliad, The Odyssey, and Hesiod's Birth of the Gods. These three poems were the absolute linchpins of Greek identity. NARRATOR: Unfortunately for us, there are no first-edition Iliads or Odysseys floating around. Papyri scrolls weren't written for posterity. The closest we're able to get are fragments rescued from ancient trash heaps and now in the care of researchers in Oxford, England. The collection, owned and maintained by the Egypt Exploration Society, contains millions of pieces of papyri from a former Greek colony in Oxyrhynchus, Egypt. OBBINK (off-screen): There were rubbish dumps from the ancient town ringing the village on the desert edge, but as soon as they stuck their shovel into one of these rubbish mounds, the papyri just started to fall out of them. NARRATOR: 100 years later, Dirk Obbink and his team have the monumental task of translating and publishing each one. OBBINK (off-screen): It's not going to stop. 5,000 items out of a million have been published so far. It's the, probably the largest incomplete archaeological project in the world. NARRATOR: So far they've pulled out works by Hesiod, new poems by the lyric poet Sappho, a copy of Aristotle's Athenian Constitution and hundreds of other ancient texts. But by far, the vast majority of fragments stem from one source. Homer. OBBINK (off-screen): The ancient authors are vastly outnumbered by Homer just because of his position in the educational system. Everyone read Homer first and memorized large swaths of it. NARRATOR: The papyri date to the 1st century B.C. at the earliest, hundreds of years after Homer. But that his works were being copied and read in Egypt, hundreds of miles from Greece, so many centuries later, reveals how significant Homer's epics were to the ancients. Whether written or spoken, his stories of bravery, dignity, love and war articulated what it meant to be Greek. CLINE (off-screen): In telling these stories, they're handing down knowledge. They're handing down ideas. They're handing down concepts of identity. Who are we? Where did we come from? HUGHES (off-screen): The Greeks are very smart because they recognize that although we shouldn't ever live in the past, we're fools if we don't admit that we live with it, and so they really nourish this idea of the past, of history, of memory. NARRATOR: And in their deepest of memories, even more central to the Greeks than the heroes of Homer were more powerful forces. There would be no Greece without its gods. HUGHES (off-screen): You can't underemphasize how central religion was to the Greeks. For them there were gods and goddesses and demigods and spirits around every corner. GARDNER (off-screen): The beauty of Greece, the beauty of the mountains and the Mediterranean allowed people to imbue natural phenomena with personality. GARDNER (off-screen): Everything in nature is imbued with this divine essence. NARRATOR: The 12 main gods lived here, atop Greece's highest peak, Mount Olympus. Almighty Zeus controlled the weather, Poseidon the sea, Hades the underworld. There was Athena, goddess of wisdom; Aphrodite, beauty; Apollo, god of the sun and music, all jockeying for power and for the affections of the insignificant humans below. It's quite a departure from how formalized religions view their gods today. (singing in Greek) GARDNER (off-screen): There's not a big book that tells you exactly how to practice Greek religion. Because there's no way to write something down that is constantly changing, something that has different incarnations depending where you are in Greece and what period of time you live in. NARRATOR: Even without a rule book it seems their religion played a significant role in bringing disparate groups of Greeks together, much more so than many archaeologists believed. The textbook version of how Greece came to be typically doesn't begin with religion, but with the emergence of cities. After the Mycenaean collapse, the story goes, pockets of people, separated by a mountainous landscape and rocky coast, banded together into small, isolated villages throughout Greece. Over time, villages grew into towns, towns grew into cities, and by the end of the Dark Age, right around Homer's time in the 8th century B.C., cities grew into what the Greeks call polis, or city-states, Athens, Sparta, Corinth, and some 1,500 others. According to the traditional theory, the big religious sanctuaries cropped up only after the city-states were established. But new discoveries are turning that on its head. About two hours north of Athens, at an ancient temple site called Kalapodi, archaeologist Wolf-Dietrich Niemeier and his team have uncovered altars and artifacts that indicate people were worshipping their gods here for hundreds of years before the formation of cities, all the way back to the Mycenaean period. NIEMEIER (off-screen): You read in handbooks there were no Greek temples before the 8th century B.C., when the polis developed, the Greek city-state. But here we have three Mycenaean temples, and then we have a temple of the 10th century. We have a temple of the 9th century. We have a temple of the 8th century. And this is a time when the polis arise. NARRATOR: In all, the team has uncovered ten different temples here, built, destroyed, and rebuilt over millennia on this very spot, right through the Dark Age. NIEMEIER (off-screen): At least in this area, we have no Dark Age at all. We have a continuity. (speaking Greek) NARRATOR: By offering refuge, providing a forum for the exchange of culture and ideas, and bringing people together around shared beliefs, Niemeier believes the temples here, and others like them across Greece, may have helped Greeks survive those meager Dark Age years. NIEMEIER (off-screen): What brought them together, what made them Greeks, was their religion and their gods. This was very important for the Greek identity. NIEMEIER (off-screen): The sanctuaries had an important function in the formation of the city-states, and, and not the other way around. NARRATOR: By the late 8th century B.C., stunning centers of worship have started cropping up all over the Greek world, with as many as 1,500 city-states growing around them, stretching east to the Black Sea, west to Italy, and south to North Africa. But in ancient Greece, one sanctuary in particular stood out above all the others. HALL (off-screen): Delphi is the ritual, psychological, and geographical center of the Greek world. When you make the great ascent up the valley past all the olive groves and vineyards to this high, high place, you know that this is where the god of the sun, Apollo, would have chosen to have his seat of, of prophecy. NARRATOR: A who's who of Greek history made the trek up this mountainside to Delphi, entering through these towering columns to seek the wisdom of the oracles, priestesses believed to be the mouthpieces of Apollo. Said to see years into the future, the Delphic oracles were consulted on all kinds of matters, from forming alliances to going to war. They warned Oedipus that he would kill his father and marry his mother... and pronounced that no one was wiser than Socrates, for he was wise enough to know that he indeed knew nothing. For thousands of years, the oracle's words were gospel to the ancients. But in keeping with the defiant, individualistic, some might say hubristic Greek character, they weren't exactly humble before their gods. They were among the first to imagine their deities in their own image. STAMPOLIDIS (off-screen): Their gods resemble them. They created the Olympian gods as human beings with their thoughts, with their ways of thinking. STAMPOLIDIS (off-screen): They are not resembling to dragons. They are not resembling to animal-headed gods. They are humans. NARRATOR: If the lowly Greek humans earned the gods' favor, they could even achieve god-like status for themselves and have their names sung across all eternity. HUGHES (off-screen): I think this is one of the reasons that the Greeks achieve so much is that they have this notion that the best way to become immortal was to do something in your life that made you worthy of immortality. NARRATOR: It was an idea so ingrained in their culture, they even conjured a place where people from all rungs of society could prove their worth. This... is Olympia. It began like the many other religious sanctuaries across Greece. But starting in 776 B.C., events would take place in this very arena that would give mortals a shot at immortality and unite the Greeks in the process. Athletes at the peak of performance flocked here from hundreds of Greek city-states to run, jump, wrestle, box, throw, and compete for the favor of Zeus. The Olympics. HALL (off-screen): People came from all over the Greek-speaking world. The best chariot racers came from North Africa, from Libya. Some of the best sprinters came from Southern Italy. The boxers came from the Greek islands, and they would bring their pack of fans with them. NARRATOR: All that was required was that you had to be Greek, which means they had a sense for what that was by then, you had to be male, and you had to be naked, preferably slathered in olive oil. HALL: The ancient Greeks absolutely delighted in beauty and they delighted in the beauty of the physical form. They saw men's bodies as absolutely as beautiful in a different way as women's bodies. NARRATOR: Nearly 3,000 years after the first Olympics, modern competition is a little different. (cheering) We have clothing, for starters. (gunshot) And women, finally. And it seems we might have grown a little soft. Compared to the hundreds of Olympic events today, Greek competitions were limited to skills useful in combat, running, wrestling, boxing. And while today three teams make it to the podium for bronze, silver, and gold, in ancient Greece... CAMP: One guy is the winner and everybody else is the loser. There's no second place. There's no third place. So there's a whole different ethos, a competitive ethos which runs right through all of Greek life all the time, where they're striving to be the best. NARRATOR: The Greeks had a word for this competitive ethos, agon, as in agony, and it wasn't confined to the Olympics. COSTAS: Agon is really just an ancient predecessor of somebody telling you now that nothing worthwhile comes easy. COSTAS (off-screen): In lofty pursuits like philosophy or government or literature, whatever it might be, if we're forced to do our very best in the pursuit of the standard of excellence, then that's going to make us better. NARRATOR: When it came to putting agon on display, the Olympics weren't the only game in town. So-called panhellenic festivals were held at four different religious sanctuaries across Greece, in Olympia, Delphi, Nemea, and Isthmia, alternating annually between each one, which is why the Olympics are only held every four years. But there was one place that may predate them all, just 22 miles away from Olympia, in a small mountain village called Lykaion. (speaking Greek) NARRATOR: And every four years, residents here host the Lykaion Games to keep their competitive traditions alive. ♪ ♪ The myths tell us Zeus wasn't just worshipped here, he was born here. And archaeologist, and competitor, David Romano, has found evidence that the games to honor him were likely held here hundreds of years before the torch at Olympia was even lit. ROMANO (off-screen): We now believe that the whole idea of Olympia was probably modeled on Lykaion. So for many centuries, Zeus was being worshipped, and was being celebrated here, and only 22 miles away at Olympia, there was no cult of Zeus until the 11th century. NARRATOR: Romano's work is revealing the archaeological significance of Lykaion, and today the proud Greeks are hoping the finds, and their games, will put their town back on the map. (gunshot) ♪ ♪ They've got a ways to go. But the path to excellence... has never been easy. This competitive pursuit of excellence became a core facet of Greek culture, much like stories of heroes and shared beliefs in the gods. (cheering) It's why 776 B.C., date of the first Olympic Games, is widely considered to be the unofficial birth year of Greece. Even if Greece would remain a factious collection of city-states. Over the next few centuries, new Greek city-states would form around the Mediterranean world. HALL (off-screen): Whenever there wasn't enough to eat, whenever there was a bad tyrant, Greeks just got up, packed their ships, and went off somewhere new. COSMOPOULOS (off-screen): The Greeks colonized the Mediterranean. Marseille and Nice. Napoli, Naples in Italy. They go as far north as the Black Sea, Ukraine. The near east, Cyprus, South Italy and Sicily. NARRATOR: Like frogs around a pond, to use Plato's words, the Greeks sailed as far and wide as their ships would take them, spreading their language and traditions wherever they went. But one thing distinguished these Greek colonizers from others. No matter how tied to their roots they were or how far afield they went, they always seemed to embrace new ideas from the lands they settled. HUGHES (off-screen): Ideas are really the kind of favorite currency of the Greeks, so the Greeks make ideas their business. And "idea" is actually a pure Greek word, adie. It's come down to us completely unchanged. NARRATOR: And in the 6th century B.C., on what is now the west coast of Turkey, inspired by their new astronomically and mathematically inclined neighbors in Mesopotamia and Egypt, Greek colonists would conjure ideas so radical, they'd reshape our entire vision of the world. This is Miletus. You'd never know it nowadays, but 2,500 years ago, it was a coastal city. The Greeks who lived here would transform it into one of the wealthiest ports in the Mediterranean. Today the sea is over six miles to the west. GOODMAN (off-screen): You have to kind of imagine that instead of having all of these fields, that the water came all the way up into this valley. And this is the place where they chose to establish Miletus. NARRATOR: According to geo-archaeologist Beverly Goodman, the reason for the landlocked valley and for the revolution in thought that took place here, begins in central Turkey far to the east. The long, wandering Maeander River, which gave the word "meander" its name. GOODMAN (off-screen): This is the river that, basically, was one of the reasons that they settled where they did. But it's also the same river that destroyed the harbor eventually. HALL (off-screen): The silt from the river Maeander gradually extended the land down and down and down westward, westward, and westward. So you had these men actually watching their own beloved city, they're seamen, they're Greeks, becoming landlocked. NARRATOR: The harbor was gone within a generation. Typically, ancients from Greece to Egypt to India would have had a simple answer for natural phenomena like these, the gods caused them. (thunder crashes) TYSON (off-screen): People have no idea what's going on and so it's simpler to say Zeus did it, Poseidon did it. NARRATOR: But as the worldly citizens of Miletus watch their precious harbor disappear practically in front of their eyes, they don't blame the gods. They look at the stones and silt being carried by the Maeander into the sea and for the first time in recorded history attribute their woes to natural causes. They're considered to be the world's first scientists, and from that moment on, life would never be the same. TYSON (off-screen): Once you hatch that egg, once you crack that ice, once you pry open that door, all of nature is there for you to explore. TYSON (off-screen): Take it and run with it. NARRATOR: And these Greeks on the west coast of Turkey did just that. First came Thales, considered the world's first philosopher by none other than Aristotle. He used geometry to calculate the distance of ships from shore and the height of Egypt's Great Pyramid, was first to predict a solar eclipse and posited a cause for earthquakes. He got the details wrong, that the Earth floated on water like a giant raft, but his natural explanation was worlds beyond the previous theory, that Poseidon caused them. Thales would inspire other Greeks, like Pythagoras, who founded a brotherhood around the belief that numbers and mathematics could explain the universe, everything from astronomy to nature to music. And Hippocrates, a renowned ancient physician who developed an ethical code for practicing medicine. Today, doctors swear by an oath in his honor to first do no harm. Countless philosophers and scientists would follow in the footsteps of these great thinkers, and their ancient wisdom continues to motivate one artist in Athens' Port of Piraeus today. After four long days and nights, Ino's mural is finally taking shape. It shows the face of Democritus, another ancient Greek philosopher who determined that everything in the universe was made up of tiny building blocks called atoms, Greek for indivisible. TYSON (off-screen): For me when I think of a first idea that matter is made of atoms, that tells you that they are thinking that maybe the universe is knowable, nature is knowable. That's profound because that would become the very foundation of science, that we have methods and tools that transcend our five senses, that probe the operations of nature in ways that your life experience has no encounters with. NARRATOR: Probing nature, questioning the origins of phenomena, even our very existence. They are profound ideas that all had their start in the Eastern Aegean. But they wouldn't stay there. By the 6th century B.C., a new power was emerging in the East, the Persian empire. And as it expanded, many Greeks would head west, back across the Aegean, taking their radical new ways of thinking with them. Over the next century, the flood of reason that began in the Maeander River valley would wash over the Greek world, and eventually culminate in a small backwater of a city-state called Athens. HALL (off-screen): So against this background of intellectual turmoil, of the beginnings of science, of abstract reasoning, and indeed ideas of a physical universe that man can intervene in and control, that he's not entirely at the whims of the gods, comes Athenian democracy. NARRATOR: For centuries, Athens had been just one of those 1,500 city-states, climbing its way out of the ashes of the Dark Age. Teetering between the rule of rich, aristocratic families, who came to power by birth, or power-grabbing leaders called tyrants, people were often subjected to Draconian laws, literally. They were written by a tyrant named Draco in 621 B.C. Farmers who couldn't pay their debts were forced into slavery. Simple crimes like "stealing a cabbage" were punishable by death. Athens was on the brink of revolution until a wise reformer named Solon stepped in with a series of reforms that would make today's Greeks proud. He freed all debtor slaves, eliminated the death penalty for all but extreme cases, and wrestled political power out of the hands of noble bloodlines by establishing a council of 400 citizens to run the city. It was a big step, untethering governance from inheritance. But only Athens' wealthiest citizens had the privilege of serving on the council, and in the decades that followed, factions of competing aristocrats formed. HALL (off-screen): You have a lot of seesawing around about who's actually in charge, and this actually gets worse and worse. NARRATOR: In 508 B.C., the power struggle came to a boil Between two rival aristocrats, Isagoras and Cleisthenes. Isagoras, with support from military powerhouse Sparta, took control of the city, installed an oligarchy of nobles, and banished Cleisthenes. With the Athenian elite squarely in Isagoras' corner, Cleisthenes was left with only one place to turn. HUGHES: We're told that Cleisthenes took into his faction, cha demos, the common people. NARRATOR: Ordinary citizens had had just about enough of aristocrats and nobles running their city. For their support, Cleisthenes agreed to break the hold of aristocratic factions, determine power by elections, not wealth, and institute trials by jury. Neither leader could have predicted what happened next. An all-out revolt swept over Athens. Citizens stormed the Acropolis and sent Isagoras and the Spartans packing. And Cleisthenes? OBER (off-screen): The way to think about Cleisthenes is he's a surfer. He is riding a really big wave of an increasingly clear identity of a common people that they are the people of Athens. They are Athens. OBER (off-screen): He gets ahead of the wave. He rides it well. The rest of it is history. NARRATOR: Whether he meant to or not, Cleisthenes ushered in a revolutionary new way of running a society. In 507 B.C., democracy was born. (crowd cheering) HUGHES: I cannot overemphasize how stomach-churningly mind-blowingly electrically exciting this was in ancient Greece. Because this is the first time in the human experience as far as we know when "I" the people are allowed to act as a political agent. HUGHES (off-screen): Suddenly you get perfume makers and cheese traders and generals and aristocrats standing next to one another in the assembly deciding how they should run their own lives. NARRATOR: Athenian democracy wasn't exactly of, by, and for all the people. You needed to be a free male citizen. Women, slaves, and foreign born need not apply, which means fewer than 50,000 in a city of more than 200,000, less than 20%, were actually eligible to vote. Still, the idea of democracy was wildly popular. "Democritus," or judge of the people, the star of Ino's mural, became one of the most prevalent names of the time. HUGHES (off-screen): So this is the most extraordinary moments in the human story. Democracy just appears from that febrile, fervent bubble that is Greece, and it's been delivered down to us as one of the most extraordinary legacies of the Greek world. OBER (off-screen): The democracy emerges in strife. It was the will of the ordinary people. That is what made democracy possible. (shouting) NARRATOR: Two and a half millennia later, it's ordinary people who continue to fight for it. (chanting in Greek) NARRATOR: People like Ino, who's putting the finishing touches on his mural... an infant looking up at Democritus. INO (off-screen): It's about the knowledge and the power of knowledge. The child is the people, the younger people after the ancients. It's a connection, from then to now. The power is in every one of us, and with collaboration, we can work to make this place better. NARRATOR: Individuals corralling their talents to make life better. It's what the Greeks have always been about. Through one of the darkest chapters in history, they built a civilization from the bottom up, delivering some of humanity's greatest achievements, literature, the Olympics, scientific reasoning, democracy. And they were just getting started. HUGHES (off-screen): What is very interesting about democracy in Greece is that very quickly it becomes this idea that catches like wildfire, and there is no doubt that that powers the kind of engine of change and the development of civilization that still speaks to us today. NARRATOR: With power now squarely in the hands of the people, citizens would finally have the chance to set their own course, not only for Athens, but for all of Western civilization. OpenSubtitles recommends using Nord VPN from 3.49 USD/month ----> osdb.link/vpn 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 