Jodi Arias: An American Murder Mystery: Season 1, Episode 2 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Jodi Arias: An American Murder Mystery 
 s1e2 - A Lover Scorned - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Jodi Arias: An American Murder Mystery (2018): Season 1, Episode 2 - A Lover Scorned - full transcript 
 Jodi Arias becomes a media sensation as her murder trial begins; as the proceedings unfold, her story changes dramatically, and nothing is as it once seemed. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 There's a lot of forensics suggesting that I was, um, you know, in his house. Um... Of the evidence that they presented to me, um, I was asked the question, - "if you were presented - this evidence and you were a third party, what would you think?" And, you know, I need to be honest, 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 and the evidence is very compelling. But none of it proves that I committed a murder. - Narrator: It's one of the most - scandalous crimes in American history. - Got to get your makeup straight - before you're asked questions about your lover's murder! A chilling, cold-blooded, vicious, brutal slaying... Narrator: In the second of our 3-part investigation, Jodi arias steps into the public eye. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 She said, "god knows, Travis knows, I know I'm innocent." - Narrator: - Explore the evidence of the prosecution's case against her. She knew at the start of this that she was going to kill him. All of US were like, "whoa. Yeah, this is a big deal." Narrator: As the highly anticipated trial unfolds, the defense makes shocking allegations. - Woman: - He was pushing and pushing her - to have a sexual relationship - with him. Oh, my god. They're gonna put the victim on trial. All hell broke loose. Narrator: And later, the defendant herself takes the stand. Were you crying when you were stabbing him? How about when you cut his throat, were you crying then? An amazingly vicious and crazy trial... Narrator: As her darkest secrets take center stage... ♪♪ Velez-Mitchell: Who in Travis Alexander's life wants to kill him in such a brutal way? I remember dropping the knife, and it clanged to the tile. It made a big noise. Woman: It was so brutal and so disgusting. Dave hall: This girl just butchered one of my best friends. Karas: How can you live in a house with a dead body and not know something's amiss? Man: Travis lured Jodi in to all of this kinky sex. Man #2: The amount of evidence became mind-boggling. - Woman: She had planned killing - Travis Alexander before she actually killed him. Velez-Mitchell: Jodi was Travis' dirty little secret. Travis: Start touching yourself. Jodi:You're bad. You make me feel so dirty. Captions paid for by discovery communications - narrator: - A month has passed - since 30-year-old - Travis Alexander was found dead in his home. Velez-Mitchell: He's got 27 stab wounds. He was almost decapitated, and for good measure, he was shot in the head. Narrator: Travis' ex-girlfriend, Jodi arias, denies responsibility for the murder, but detective Esteban flores has discovered evidence that places her at the scene of the crime. - Karas: - There are photos of Jodi arias taken on the day he was murdered. These were some of the most pornographic, triple-x-rated photos that I've ever seen. And then there's another photo, and it's a photo of Travis Alexander bloodied, on the ground. You see a mystery pants leg right next to him, with a foot. That is the smoking gun. Narrator: On July 15th, police place her under arrest in yreka, California. At the time that she was arrested, the detective also spoke to her parents, her mother and her father. Karas: Jodi arias grew up in a stable home. She had a number of siblings. She was the oldest. Her father owned a restaurant. So they were very middle-class. Jodi was raised Christian. From what we know, Jodi's relationship with her siblings was a good one, but she had a very tumultuous relationship with her parents. Narrator: Through her tears, Jodi's mother, Sandy arias, gives insight into her relationship with Jodi. She is, she is. Karas: According to her parents, as a teenager, her grades in school started going down, and she became rebellious. - Narrator: Her father, - bill arias, recalls an incident that put them at odds with their daughter. And after that, things just went downhill. She moved out after her junior year of high school because her parents had put a curfew on her, - and she felt that they were - just too strict with her. And she just wanted her freedom, and she was gone, living with her boyfriend. So these were parents at the end of their wits. Narrator: For over a decade, the relationship with Jodi remained strained. In 2008, they're blindsided by her behavior in the days after Travis' death. Narrator: The next day, flores resumes questioning his prime suspect. Karas: Detective flores is gonna take another shot at Jodi arias. He's going to try a new strategy. Maybe something else will make her talk. Narrator: Finally, after two days of questioning, Jodi is ready to tell her story. Jodi told detective flores that she was taking photographs of Travis as he was showering, and all of a sudden, they were interrupted. Narrator: Jodi explains that the intruders attacked Travis, and she feared that she'd be their next victim. - Narrator: - According to Jodi, her assailant eventually relents. Um... Narrator: Jodi contends that the struggle left her wounded. Narrator: Jodi then details how she managed to escape. Karas: Jodi says the intruders let her go. She ran out of the house, got in her car and just started driving as fast as she could to salt like city. Narrator: After listening to Jodi's account, flores pushes back. Karas: Detective flores tells Jodi arias that she's been charged with first-degree murder for the death of Travis Alexander. - Narrator: - With the suspect behind bars, a veteran prosecutor takes over the case. I am Juan Martinez. I am a deputy county attorney with the maricopa county attorney's office. Back in 2008, I'd been in the homicide bureau for approximately 12 years. In stature, Juan is a small gentleman, but when it comes to questioning witnesses, he is a giant. Velez-Mitchell: He is all about making killers face justice, - and locking them up - and throwing away the key. He does not accept plea bargains. Like, hell to the no. Narrator: But for all of Martinez's doggedness, convicting Jodi of first-degree murder won't be easy. - Karas: Juan Martinez has a lot - of work ahead of him. To experienced detectives and prosecutors, it looked very personal. There's such carnage in the bathroom, but he's got to show premeditated murder. Now, premeditation could be weeks and months of planning, but it could also be just a couple of minutes. So, was this premeditated or was it, like, a heat of passion, spur-of-the-moment fight? Narrator: Martinez digs into the case file, and while examining evidence of Jodi's journey from yreka to Travis Alexander's house, he makes an intriguing discovery. - We found something - important to the case that I wanted to use at trial, so, um, I decided not to share it with anyone. It seemed that she thought of almost every little detail. It was clear that this was premeditated. - Narrator: - With his confidence building, Martinez makes a fateful decision. Velez-Mitchell: Juan Martinez made no bones about it. He wanted to see Jodi arias die for what she did to Travis Alexander. ♪♪ Narrator: In preparing for the murder trial of accused killer Jodi arias, prosecutor Juan Martinez is struck by the savagery of the crime. Karas: Juan Martinez knew that Travis Alexander suffered horribly in the last minutes of his life, and he wanted Jodi arias to pay the ultimate price. We had decided that the death penalty would be something that the office would seek. Narrator: As the prosecution prepares for trial, the case begins to gain notoriety. It was the arrest of Jodi arias that really made this a national story. Arias' mug shot is one for the history books. It's a glamour shot almost. Anytime a beautiful woman is facing the death penalty, it seems to capture the nation's attention. Narrator: With interest in her fate rising, Jodi seizes the opportunity to tell her story on "inside edition." What really happened in there? In a nutshell, two people took Travis' life, two monsters. You did not shoot Travis? No. I've never even shot a real gun. You did not stab him 27 times. - I've never... that's heinous. - I've never... - Or slit his throat - from ear to ear? I can't imagine slitting anyone's throat. No jury is going to convict me. Why not? - Because I'm innocent, and you - can Mark my words on that one. No jury will convict me. She said, "god knows, Travis knows, I know... I'm innocent." Martinez: That struck me immediately when I heard it. It appeared that she was laying down the gauntlet. Karas: Jodi arias is a defense lawyer's worst nightmare because she couldn't stay away from the media. She was basically holding press conferences in the jail. You know, I need to be honest, and the evidence is very compelling. But none of it proves that I committed a murder. None of it proves that I committed a crime. Um... What it does substantiate is what I did tell detectives. Skoloff: She came across as this soft-spoken, sweet young girl who couldn't possibly have done this. We didn't date, per se. We just hung out. I do believe she felt she could flirt her way through this trial. Every time that she is asked a question, she's got this... - Oh, there she is - putting on makeup. I'm so glad I saw that. - Got to get your makeup straight - before you're asked questions about your lover's murder! Narrator: In 2009, a court-appointed attorney named kirk nurmi is assigned to the case. In 2009, I had probably been at the maricopa county public defender's office approximately nine years. He is the polar opposite of Juan Martinez. He's tall, and he's huge, and he's very soft-spoken. Lindstrom: Kirk nurmi is a very intelligent attorney. He is very methodical. When I first got the file, apart from knowing the name, I was made aware the fact that she had appeared on TV. - There was kind of of - the standard advisement - not talk to anyone - about your case, but this was a woman that was going to make her own choices in that regard. Narrator: Nurmi soon meets with his infamous client for the first time. - Nurmi: - During that initial meeting, the demeanor was more casual than what a typical meeting might be. The best description I can give is that it was like talking to someone at Starbucks. I knew that I wasn't going in talking to a hardened criminal, - but it was certainly - more light-hearted than would be expected when somebody's life is on the line. - Narrator: - But as the relationship grows, the eccentric client becomes more challenging. Nurmi: The phone calls with Ms. Arias were almost every day. Everyday phone calls is highly, highly unusual. Karas: She even asked him to look after her cat. Kind of a bizarre request to ask a court-appointed attorney. - Nurmi: It's fair to say that - the demands of the arias trial were overwhelming. I must have canceled three or four weekends in Vegas because of having to work on the trial. Narrator: As nurmi continues studying the case, he identifies a problem. Karas: It seems pretty clear that kirk nurmi knew the intruder story didn't make much sense. So in order to figure out a new strategy, kirk nurmi needs to sit down with Jodi arias, learn everything he can about her relationship with Travis Alexander to figure out what direction to go in now. Narrator: But soon, Jodi reveals stunning allegations that cast the victim in a harsh new light. Velez-Mitchell: She was accusing him of the most vile things. He's violent, was abusive, was sexually degrading, and for good measure, was a pedophile, too. ♪♪ - Narrator: Jodi arias is facing - the death penalty in the pending trial for the murder of Travis Alexander. Velez-Mitchell: She says that a man and a woman, dressed mostly in black, wearing ski masks, killed Travis Alexander. - Narrator: But after consulting - with her defense attorney, kirk nurmi, Jodi's version of events evolves. Velez-Mitchell: In June of 2010, Jodi arias abandons the whole story of the masked intruders... Never happened. Now she admits that she was at Travis Alexander's, and not only that, she did kill him. But she says it was all done in self-defense. - Nurmi: - She was claiming self-defense, and there was a plethora of evidence that came to light as well, that was consistent with that claim. Narrator: In early January of 2013, the public is clamoring for the impending courtroom showdown. Karas: I'm Beth karas. I'm a former prosecutor and a legal analyst, and I covered the Jodi arias trial. On the Eve of the trial, the TV trucks are there. People are setting up their live shots. There are crowds lining up for the coveted public seats in the courtroom, and people couldn't get enough of it... The sex, the religion, this beautiful couple. It was like nothing I had ever covered before. - Velez-Mitchell: - People literally coordinated their vacations to be at the trial, to go in and see the testimony for themselves. Man: Including Gregory carr, who flew in last night from south bend, Indiana, - for a chance - to sit in the courtroom. It is so fascinating, every aspect of the trial. To see her one-on-one, it's... it's chilling. It's really chilling. Karas: People were really ready for this trial, and let me tell ya, it didn't disappoint. Narrator: On January 2, 2013, almost 5 years after Travis' death, the trial commences. I am bill zervakos. I sat on the Jodi arias trial as the jury foreman. - As far as knowing - about the trial, I knew nothing, hadn't heard of anything. So from that perspective, I was one of the perfect jurors. My name is Diane Schwartz. I was juror in the trial of Jodi arias. I remember my first impression of walking in there and seeing Jodi. I thought, "how could someone so young and so tiny be involved in such a murder?" All right. This is the year 2008, 031021. State of Arizona versus Jodi Ann arias. - This is the time set - for trial to begin. Is the state ready? In opening statement, really, my only goal was to have them appreciate the violence that the defendant had inflicted upon Travis Alexander. This is not a case of whodunit. The person who done it, the person who committed this killing sits in the court today. It's the defendant, Jodi Ann arias, and the person that she done it to is an individual by the name of Travis Victor Alexander. - And, you know, he was a good man - according to her, - and with regard - to being a good man, well, she slit his throat as a reward for being a good man. I spoke about the facts that I was going to present and how those facts showed that she had planned - or thought about - killing Travis Alexander before she actually killed him. Narrator: Martinez then pinpoints a motive for the murder... revenge. - The other thing that police - were able to find was that on may 28th of 2008, at 9:25 P.M., the defendant sent an email to Travis Alexander. And she mentioned that he's going to cancún. In our business, our company will take US on all-expense-paid vacations, and that year it was cancún. Martinez: He was scheduled to go to cancún with Mimi hall. And he hadn't asked her to go with him, and she knew about it. That's the first mention there is in any other correspondence of cancún. It's clear now that he's going to cancún, and she ain't going with him. So, perhaps this was something that she was punishing him for. On June 4th of 2008, he's in the shower. His defenses are down. He's very comfortable. We also know, then, that as he sat there, she had stuck the knife in his chest. He struggled. He grabbed the knife, and when he grabbed the knife, of course that resulted in more blood. He was, more likely than not, dead at that point. {\an5}But she got that gun. She put that bullet right in his temple. She says this killing was done in self-defense. The idea that you're going to continue to stab over and over and over again, - to the point that - you finally use the knife to slash the throat, speaks against the indication that you are just defending yourself. Juan Martinez came out swinging. - He's getting to the heart - of the case, which is the violence that she committed on Travis Alexander and the inconsistencies and lies in her stories. Narrator: Now it's the defense's turn. And co-counsel Jennifer willmott takes the floor. Jennifer willmott had to get up and try to convince the jury than what they had just heard. She had to come from an emotional point of view, in that Jodi arias did this, but here's why. Narrator: With anticipation for Jodi's story rising, willmott's remarks take the gallery by surprise. Willmott: Certainly, on the outside, looking in, it really appeared like they were involved in a very loving and healthy relationship, but nothing could be further from the truth. There was a whole nother reality for Jodi... A reality that Travis created. Because in reality, Jodi was Travis' dirty little secret. All of a sudden, I remember very clearly, "oh, my god. They're going to put the victim on trial." - Willmott: - Despite projecting himself as a good and virginal mormon man, from the moment he met Jodi, he was pushing and pushing her to have a sexual relationship with him. In Jodi, he found somebody, someone who would provide him with that secretive, sexual relationship that he needed, while on the outside, he can still pursue the appropriate mormon woman. You'll actually hear a recorded phone call between Travis and Jodi that's very explicit. Karas: These details about the sex between them were so off the radar of what people in a mormon community in mesa, Arizona, knew about Travis Alexander. People were shocked. Narrator: Willmott reveals Jodi's account of the events that led to Travis' death. Willmott: So, what would have forced Jodi? It was Travis' continual abuse, and on June 4th of 2008, it had reached a point of no return, and sadly, Travis left Jodi no other option but to defend herself. Skoloff: Her story was that as she's taking pictures of him in the shower on the day he was killed, she accidentally drops his camera, and he flies into a rage and attacks her, and she thinks she's gonna die. She's in fear for her life, and has to kill him in self-defense. - Willmott: - He threatened to kill her, and given her experience with him, she had no reason to not believe him. It's always a risk to attack a victim, especially in a murder case, but for their defense, necessary. Jennifer willmott did say something that really resonated with me. She said, "this was a woman who had an absolutely normal life - "until she met - Travis Alexander, and that changed the trajectory of her life." Narrator: The state then begins to make their case. To recast the reputation of the victim, they call Mimi hall to the stand. - Velez-Mitchell: Mimi and Travis - know each other from the mormon church, and they went on a couple of dates and after that, - she said, - "hey, let's just be friends." During that date, did Mr. Alexander say anything sexually inappropriate to you at all? No. - At any time during that date, - did he kiss you? No. - At any time, - did he reach out, - hold your hand or do - anything like that? No. At the most, he gave me a hug. I felt very safe with Travis. He was, you know, very respectful. There was never anything like that. - Narrator: Martinez then pivots - to a problem Travis confronted in the final months of his life... A stalker. You indicated that part of what he told you was that this stalker was a female, right? Yes. And what had this female done that he was warning you about? She had slashed his tires several times. She had broken into his email accounts, his bank accounts. She would sneak into his house through the doggy door and sleep on his couch at night without him knowing that she was there, so... Mimi hall told jurors that Travis Alexander had a stalker, but he never told her the name of the stalker. - Dave: We knew... - When his tires were slashed, we knew it was Jodi. But looking at Jodi, it's, like, this 110, 120-pound girl. We never feared for his life. Narrator: The prosecution is on the attack, and they're taking aim at Jodi's claim of self-defense. Karas: Stabbing and slicing and nearly decapitating someone... That sounds like a massacre. ♪♪ Narrator: It's January 2013, and the Jodi arias murder trial is in full swing. - Martinez: Going to show you - some photographs. -You recognize those? -I do. Kevin horn is a medical examiner in maricopa county, Arizona. At the time he performed the autopsy on Travis Alexander, he had performed thousands of autopsies, so he was a very experienced m.E. - Skoloff: The medical examiner - testified at the trial that he had been stabbed 27 times, stabbed in the back and the head, pretty much all over his body. In addition, his throat was cut from literally ear to ear. He also had a gunshot wound just above his right eyebrow. - Martinez: - And are these photographs that were taken as part of your medical examination of Travis Alexander? Horn: Yes. This guy was really chopped up. Trying to look at the photo analytically without getting wrapped up in that's a human, it was a little strange. It was hard. - Karas: Jodi really couldn't look - at the photos. She glanced, and then, kept her head down. Her hair was hiding her face. - Occasionally she would - dab her eyes, but was impossible to see if there were tears. And for Travis' family, I mean, they, of course, had to look away. - Some of them leave - the courtroom. They were in tears. I mean, these were horrendous photos. Narrator: Then, to undermine Jodi's story of self-defense, he focuses on a particular type of wound. - Are you familiar with the term - "defensive wounds"? Yes. If you have injuries to the backs of the forearms, - or to the palms - or backs of the hands, it's consistent with someone trying to either grab the knife or fend off injury. And the way you described it, by necessity, the person would have to be conscious and alive, correct? -Yes. - And is this that - we're looking at, the right, is that a defensive wound? Could be. Yes, consistent with that. Narrator: Then, Martinez shifts to another devastating injury. Exhibit 207. What is this right here? That's a gunshot entrance wound. - Karas: - Just before the trial started, Jodi arias said she shot Travis Alexander, but he didn't die, "and when he kept struggling, and I took a knife, and I stabbed him." Prosecution says, "no. That doesn't make sense." This bullet, did it strike the brain or not? The brain was decomposed, so I was not able to see a track through the brain. But just because the bullet - passes through - the front part of the skull where the brain normally would be, I have to conclude that the brain was perforated. - And if the brain - is perforated, what would happen to this individual once he was shot? He'd be incapacitated. - -Went down? - -Yes. -Immediately? -Rapidly, yes. - Narrator: Horn then lays out - the sequence of the devastating attack. The gunshot wounds and the wounds to neck would've had to have come after the defensive wounds of the hands. Karas: Stabbing and slicing and nearly decapitating someone, and then a shot to the head? That certainly doesn't sound like self-defense. That sounds like a massacre. - Narrator: - But the defense believes that horn's conclusion is flawed. - Well, just so we're clear, - you don't actually have any medical evidence of it - passing through - the brain, right? - It had to have passed - through the brain. - You don't have any medical - evidence of that, do you? It would've passed through the right frontal lobe. Uh-huh. - I just don't have any evidence - of hemorrhage now because of decomposition. But you didn't see any damage, even in your slices, right? - Right. I could not document - the damage because of the decomposition. - Karas: This was a problem - for the prosecution, because it's challenging the credibility of Dr. Horn. I mean, it's something that gave the defense fodder to work with. - Zervakos: The thing - that drives you batty is, instead of feeling like you're getting analytical, - true information, it feels like - everybody's trying to sell you - something as they're - doing the forensics. We're not forensic people, so it's a little tough. - Narrator: - Next, Martinez attempts to account for the weapon that delivered the hotly debated wound. He calls yreka police officer Kevin Friedman to the stand. How long have you been a police officer with the yreka police department? About 6 1/2 years. So, a very strange thing happened in yreka, California, on may 28, 2008. The home of Caroline Allen was burglarized. - Officer Friedman was actually - the police officer that responded to the burglary call. - Velez-Mitchell: There were just - a couple of things stolen... A DVD player, a cd player, a little bit of cash, and a gun... a .25-caliber gun. So as police are interviewing the allens, they hear something outside. A car has pulled up. And the allens say, "oh, that's our granddaughter." And that person that arrived, what was his or her name? It was Jodi arias. Mendes: Jodi had recently moved in with her grandparents. Prior to that, she'd been living in Arizona. Karas: This burglary happened on may 28, 2008. That's one week before Travis Alexander was murdered, and her grandfather's gun happens to be the same caliber bullet that was found in Travis Alexander's bathroom, the same kind of gun used to shoot him. Police in mesa never recovered the gun that was used to shoot Travis Alexander. This is good evidence that it was probably the same gun, but we'll never know for sure. ♪♪ - Narrator: - On the ninth day of the trial, the prosecution rests its case. One is always concerned with every single move that one makes during the trial, so what I tried to do was to be as thorough as I possibly could with each element of the offense. - Karas: By the end of - the prosecution's evidence, I was convinced that Juan Martinez had put on a strong and compelling case, but of course, the question is, did Martinez do enough to prove premeditation? Narrator: Now, kirk nurmi takes over the proceedings. To redefine his client's character, he calls Darryl brewer to the stand. Darryl brewer was this handsome, chiseled guy who was about two decades older than Jodi. Brewer had requested that his face not be shown in any televised coverage, and that request was granted. So Americans didn't get a chance to see what a ruggedly handsome guy he was. Nurmi: Tell US about who Jodi was at that point in time. Karas: Jodi arias dated Darryl brewer between 2002 and 2006. She actually broke up with him after meeting Travis Alexander. But she remained very friendly with him. Jodi was a very responsible, caring, loving person. And she knew of your son? - She did know of my son, - yes. And how was Jodi's relationship with your son? -It was outstanding. -Were they close? They were close. - I thought that he did - a very good job of humanizing her to the jury. They felt bad for her because, at one point in her life, she seemed to be a normal, caring person. Karas: Darryl brewer was important for the defense, but Juan Martinez had something up his sleeve to make him useful to the prosecution, too, because he still is working on evidence of premeditation. Martinez: In reading Darryl brewer's summary, - one of the things - that I came across was this indication that in may of 2008, - before she actually - took the trip, she actually called him and asked something that I thought was a little bit... strange. Narrator: Then, Martinez finally unveils his secret weapon. Sir, she did come by your house on June 3rd of 2008, right before her trip, right? Yes. And before she left, though, you gave her two gas cans, didn't you? -I did. And that... that seems strange, because why would she want to take gas cans on a trip? Last time anybody was in California, - the place was dotted - with gas stations, and you could stop and fill up anytime that you wanted. Narrator: But after digging into his case files, Martinez believes he's uncovered the reason why Jodi borrowed the cans. One of the things that the detectives found when they were in yreka was a shoebox, and in this shoebox were the receipts that she had kept. Those receipts showed Jodi's travels through California and in Nevada and Utah. There were no receipts from any stops anywhere in Arizona. - Karas: - The prosecution believed that Jodi borrowed the two gas cans and filled them with gas so that she could get into the state of Arizona and out without having to stop for gas, where there would be a financial transaction on record, maybe a security video at a gas station capturing her. Martinez: And the reason she didn't want anybody to know that she had traveled through Arizona was because she knew at the start of this trip that she was going to kill him. - Karas: Well, - all of US were like, "whoa. This is a big deal. Wow. This was, you know... Great point." - Velez-Mitchell: - That's premeditation. She's plotting the murder of Travis Alexander. It's the penultimate example of premeditation. Narrator: The defense then attempts to rally, by calling a witness who can jump-start their assault on Travis' character. - Willmott: - And once he had an erection, he didn't stop, did he? -No. ♪♪ - Narrator: In the murder trial - of Jodi arias, the defense calls Travis' ex-girlfriend, Lisa Andrews-didone, to the stand. Lisa Andrews was a young woman, a mormon woman who had dated Travis Alexander in late 2007, early 2008. - When Lisa Andrews - was dating Travis, she was a teenager, very inexperienced, a virgin. - Willmott: - Did you believe that Travis was dating anyone else? I-I believed it was exclusive between the two of US. - -Okay. - -It was monogamous. The defense called Lisa Andrews to corroborate some of Jodi's defense, that Travis was, you know, a little bit sexually aggressive and not respectful. - Velez-Mitchell: She had written - an email to Travis, complaining about his behavior. Did you talk to him about that you knew that sex was on his mind from the very beginning? Yes. Did you ask him not to talk about sex so much? -Yes. -He did anyway, right? Yes. - Did you talk to him about - that sometimes you felt that he wanted you just for your body... Um, I did say that in the email. And that your kisses didn't mean anything to him? I did say that in the email. - That you felt it was - a way for him to let out some sexual tension... I did say that in the email. That he had so much of? Again, I said that. - Velez-Mitchell: - It was clear that Lisa Andrews did not want to be there and talk about any of this stuff. - Narrator: - The defense then questions Lisa about the end of the relationship. - Let's talk about the first time - that you broke up. What was the reason for that? Um, I came to the understanding that he was cheating on me. - Do you know who - he was cheating with? - -Yes. - -Who is that? Jodi arias. And how did you learn that? A former roommate of his had told my sister, who then told me. Okay, so Mr. Alexander didn't tell you that. No. - Velez-Mitchell: - When Juan Martinez starts talking to her, he basically tries to make the point with Lisa Andrews - that she, at the time - of writing the email, was very naive, sexually. - And during the time - that he was kissing, and again, not to get too much into this, he achieved an erection, right? -Yes. - You did not massage - his erection, right? Correct. - He did not massage - his own erection, correct? Correct. - It was a biological response - to your lips, wasn't it? Correct. And that, at that time, because of your inexperience, you thought that he should have controlled his penis from becoming tumescent, or getting big, - just because - he was kissing you. You thought that's what the problem was, right? Yes. Yes. And in retrospect, you think that perhaps, - some of the comments - that you made were a little unfair to him? -Yes. Narrator: Then, the tone of Martinez's questioning takes a sharp turn. Do you think, in your mind, it is appropriate to take a knife and slash somebody's throat? Velez-Mitchell: And then he whips out the photo of Travis Alexander's neck, pretty much decapitated. And it was a shocker. Do you... Judge: Counsel approach. Counsel approach. ♪♪ - Velez-Mitchell: One of - Travis Alexander's sisters jumps up and runs out of the courtroom, sobbing. Her brother's chasing her. All hell broke loose. - I have to believe - that Juan Martinez did that for shock factor because there was just really no other reason to do that. Narrator: Order is restored, and as the defense continues to argue their case, intrigue begins to mount. - Velez-Mitchell: - One of the big questions that the reporters were asking themselves was, would Jodi arias take the stand? And who knew? And I remember that day, when she walked out and I saw her walking, she was walking toward the witness stand. The courtroom was electrified. The courthouse was electrified. Everybody was like, "oh, my god. It's happening." Nurmi: Hi, Jodi. -Hi. Narrator: Next time, on the final episode of "Jodi arias: An American murder mystery"... - Once she got on the stand, - people were like, "oh, my god. Jodi's going to tell US the story." Narrator: The dark secrets of a toxic relationship emerge. [ Jodi giggles, squeals, [ and moans ] I cannot believe I am sitting here listening to this raunchy, triple-x-rated, kinky sex. He tells me I'm worthless, and he tells me i'm. Emotional abuse, mental abuse, yeah, absolutely. Narrator: And the incident that drove her to kill. I remember dropping the knife, and I just remember screaming. Narrator: On cross-examination, sparks fly. We're talking about your memory problem, right? I don't know if I'd even call it a problem. Concludes with a bang. Clerk will read and record the verdict. Juries are going to come back. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 