The Bridge: Season 1, Episode 2 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 The Bridge 
 s1e2 - Calaca - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 The Bridge (2013–2014): Season 1, Episode 2 - Calaca - full transcript 
 Marco and Sonya investigate the body from the bridge. Frye learns that the Killer isn't done with him. Charlotte makes an unwelcome discovery on her property. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 97. Roger. Hey, Mike, cops! What do we do if they come in? Kill 'em. It's all you. Police. Open up. Hey, guys. What's going on? We got a noise complaint? Oh, yeah, yeah. We're, uh, serving a fugitive warrant. Ran into a little resistance. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 It's cool now, though. We got it under control. My partner's just tossing the place. Is it just the two of you? We could give you a hand if you want. No, it's all good, man. We got it. Thanks. Well, good luck, then. Stay safe. Yeah. You guys, too. Could I see a warrant? It's just... I don't know you. It's no problem. I understand. You guys are like way the hell out of your jurisdiction, aren't you? You guys don't know about us coming down here? 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Ah. Sorry about that. You were supposed to be given a heads-up. Where's your car? In the alley, around back. Always the last to know. Yeah. Isn't that the police way? Okay, then. Good luck. Thanks. Drive safe. He knows our problems... he knows us. Come on. The votes are in, Sarge. Already got the damn job. Okay, enough said, enough said. I give you our new president of the Police Protective Association, Frank Leo! I did not win this election. You won this election... all of you! And I am not the union. We are the union! Chief Wycoff. Phil. What brings you down to the big city on a weekday? You, actually. Really? Got a minute. Sure. Walk with me. So, how are you getting along with this new union boss of yours? He sounds like a royal pain in the ass. Well, ask me next week after we have our budget meeting with the city council. How'd you like to put him between a rock and a hard place before that? Have a listen to this. Thanks for coming, Frank. I wasn't sure you were gonna show. You wired, Ed? No. Are you, Frank? I thought about it. A couple of days ago, a patrol cop stopped a guy speeding on a highway up north of here. Guy was tweaking, so they searched his car. Came up with an ounce of meth, a shotgun, and a police uniform in the trunk. Here's his interview with the detective. We ripped off eight dealers the same way. You're dressed like a cop, it's easy in, easy out. Right, okay. But two real cops show up at the door. Then what happened? Yeah, dude that was twisted. Like I'm freaking but Mike's cool, he just goes... they come in, we kill them. Kill them, kill two cops? Yeah. So what's Mike do? He shows them the warrant. Mike knows what to say and all that. Why that? Because he's a real cop. How do you think we got the uniforms? Mike... what's his last name? Uh, Bodanski, yeah. Bodanski... So you're the head of the union Frank, Mike belongs to you, it's your call. What do these guys want? They want your permission to use lethal force to bring them down. They want to kill them? He was going to kill two of us. Sync by honeybunny www.addic7ed.com We're a necessary evil, like chemo, that's what they think... Who told you that? Nobody told me. Hey look, you got this here right... projects, addicts, hookers, tangles, MS13, bloods, crips, More stuff than we can handle, ok? Yeah but there's a couple of nice restaurants just down there. Make a right here, make a right. I'm making a right, where else am I going to go? Shut up and let me finish. Like on this side over here you got the poor, lying and cheating and stealing to pay the rent. And over this little bridge we go, you got the rich, lying and cheating and stealing... To collect the rent. Exactly. It's the same division, same police division, Bridge division, except now we're into like million dollar homes here. These upper class people over here they don't want a cop who just got pissed on by some head case patrolling their streets. They want the nice police. The one's with the good manners you mean? Exactly, it's all about... The money. That's right, they pay a lot of money in taxes over here... ...and they want to get what they pay for. That's right. You've told me this a thousand times. They call it Tommy's Theory of Irrelatively. Ah, there you go. Hey, is that Hector? Yeah, it is too. Hey. Frank. Tommy. How you doing Hector? I thought you were on nights. I'm breaking in a rookie; we heard the call, thought what the hell. Oh yeah. Is that him? Yeah, the kid's got a college degree but a total lack of common sense. Well if there's anybody that can teach him the ways of the police force, it's you my friend. I wouldn't know about that, just look how you turned out. Hey, it's... they call him Beau, he's a homeless guy. Oh it is. Oh, it's too bad, I liked that guy. Somebody didn't. What the hell's he doing up here? Haven't you heard Frank? There's a better class of garbage up here. Witness says the victim got run over. Did she see it? Heard it. Saw a pickup truck, she got a good look but she didn't get the license. Stackley, the new duty sergeant. Dark cloud himself. Yeah, I've met him, no sense of humor. Check out the license plate. Try to bring a little sunshine into his life, it's been on there for two days, he still hasn't noticed. So what's the story here? Hit and run Sarge. Sgt. Stackley... How'd you get this number? Who am I? I'm a police officer, you disgusting pervert. You think this is funny? No, Sgt. Damn right it's not. I've got no detectives that can get over here right now so you and your partner are going to have to fill in the blanks until I can get somebody on this. Well as union rep, once again, I have to protest... I tried calling you over the last couple of days. Yeah, I know, I'm sorry I was going to call you back tonight but... Good I ran into you, it's better. How's your dad since the heart attack. Heart attack; what heart attack? You know him; he's back on the job in two weeks. So same feelings between you two then. I wouldn't know. We don't talk about feelings so I don't know his. Everything happened the way you wanted Frank. All I ever wanted was to be a cop, so yeah... Good to see you. Don't run over your rookie. Yeah, don't give me any ideas. See I don't care that we don't have enough detectives, it doesn't really bother me. We're getting screwed man; we don't get the same pay for the same work. We'll get a beer and talk about. It's my turn with the kids. I'll drink a beer with you Frank. Yes you will. Mike, beers? No man, I got a thing. Mike's in the program. Since when? I don't know, a couple of weeks. Rose, want to go for a cocktail? I gotta get my feet up. I spent the whole day looking for uniforms. Did you hear about that? We're missing three uniforms. Gone like overtime. Don't tell me they're shafting us in overtime. Ross, buddy, beers? No, I can't tonight guys, gotta get home. He's gotta know we know. What, about what? His wife kicked him out a week ago. Oh, they've only been married for like a year. You don't know? He sleeps in his car in the parking lot. Oh. Home sweet home. Hey wait up Frank, I'm just going to get changed. Did I tell you I was going to be riding with that Russian detective, Alex? Alex, I thought his name was Yuri. No, for sure don't call him Ivan, he hates Ivan. Wait, I've had way too much to drink and my girlfriend wouldn't understand. I got it. Sorry. It's good. That's okay. It's... Sara right? Uh huh. I met her once. She's nice. Yeah, she is. She's scared I still like guys too much you know? Yeah. So are you guys getting married or unionized or whatever the hell you call it? No, I was married to a cop Frank, I couldn't put her through that. Hey didn't you and Rose used to go out? What's up with that? Um, she met the guy she's with now, blah, blah, blah, so... I just been really thinking about the job a lot lately, you know. Yeah, that's what I mean about being married to a cop. Don't you just love it? Yeah. ANSWERING MACHINE: Please leave a message at the sound of the tone. Hey, Hector, it's Frank. Hector pick up. You there buddy? Alright look, here's the thing, we're having a little surprise party for Ross tomorrow night. His wife kicked him out so he's sleeping in his car, in the Bridge division parking lot. Long story, but it'd be great if you could drop by for a couple beers and catch up and all that. It was really great seeing you the other day. We gotta go to a ball game like we used to, alright pal? I know, I know, everybody's working but we should just make a little time, so... Anyways, let me know... ahh, surprise party: free beer tomorrow night. ¶ Under the moon of love ¶ Come on Cathy blue and green, big difference. Blue/green, I don't know. Okay, is there anything else you remember? What kind of truck was it that hit the old lady? Okay, it was like a working guy's truck, okay like it was a guy's toy truck, right. You know, like... I got two people saw a pickup blast out of the alley and take off through the intersection. Yeah, crack-head Cathy's got the same story. Hey Alex? Hey guys. We had a hit and run the other night just like this. Witnesses say same kind of truck. Maybe it's related. Get me the incident report. I'm up to here but I'll take a look all right. All right. Okay, take care. Thanks. Hey, isn't that Manny's little brother. Oh! Hey! Whoa! Let's go. Don't fight me little man, I'll throw you into traffic, I swear I will. Come on. Manny! Hey Frank, what's up? You're little brother and his road dogs are dealing bud on my streets again, I'm not happy. I told him. Kid thinks he's OG. No, he thinks he's going to help you sell guns to your bros in Sri Lanka, he wants a little piece of the dream. So how come Punjabi Mafia is letting you guys hang out down here now? Too much heroin to go round? Look, you going to charge him? You going to keep a short leash on him? Yeah. All right, get the hell out of here, go on. I owe you Frank. Yeah, yeah, you do. Get out of here guys. What's up guys? We're just doing a little potty training. Daryl, I thought you said you weren't going to let her drive again. I hit a dog, one time. We took it to the vet and everything. Yeah, and it died. It's a dog, get over it. Where are you guys headed? Over the bridge to sniff the stale air of old money. Yeah some smartass rich kid is keying cars. Say a prayer. Hey, come on kid! Ah! Ah! Hey, get down! Stay there! Get off me! I didn't do anything! Calm down! Stay there! Come on you little...! Don't... Give me your arm. Calm down. Calm down! Geez... He's not breathing. Call an ambulance! Dispatch, bridge 445, male party collapsed, we need an ambulance. Copy that 445, unit is on the way. Do you need backup? We need an ambulance! See you guys tomorrow. How long have you guys known? When you stopped changing your shorts. Took up a collection, got you a hotel room at least till payday. Thanks a lot, I appreciate it. Oh hell... Come here you idiot. I just miss her so much you know. Guess what; she doesn't deserve you and you're an ass, you know. You're right on both counts. Who the hell are those guys? SIU. Wait here. Colley, we need a union rep. Caught the kid with a pocket knife, red-handed, scraping cars. He threw it at us so we went at him. Kid make it? No. I feel sick about it. You worry about shooting someone but who ever sees this coming? We called in the duty Sgt, Stackley, right? Next thing you know we've got SIU up our butts. Did you tell him anything? No, we know better than that. Okay good, I'm going to call Ray at the union and get a lawyer down here for you guys. The union? The union lawyers, they suck. I know, it's just for this. You can hire whoever you want later. I just remember I've got to call my boyfriend, we had a date. You're going to be here a while. Yeah, and to think I shaved my legs to do this tonight. Commence through that door. Farnum is who you want. You guys can wait in my office. Cantor. Yeah. When? Tommy, wait! Okay, where? Okay, we'll wait for you. What? Sometimes I think the world is heald together by nothing but God's tears. What am I going to do with all this stuff? What, are you kidding? Leave it, this neighborhood, it's gone by morning. Hey, are you going to be okay? Frank, we got some bad news. It's Hector, Frank. Garage door was closed but his carunning. That's how he was found. Any chance he just passed out? Hard to say. We did find an empty mickey of scotch in his car though. So you just immediately jumped to suicide, is that it? You tell me; was he normally a drinker? A little more since Rita died and she passed, what, 20 years ago. Yeah, exactly, so why kill himself now? You're Frank Leo, right? Yeah. It's addressed to you. He says bye to me. He wants to be buried next to Rita and everyone else can go to hell. You know if he had any other family? No. This guy's like me, guys like us... rookies he's trained... We were his family. I'm going to take this. I'll start the arrangements. Frank, you know there won't be a police funeral, What do you mean? He killed himself. The brass won't allow it. After all he's done; you've got to be kidding me. It's policy Frank. Suicides a black eye on the department. What about the union Tommy, you guys can lean on the brass. I don't see how Frank. Well what the hell good is it then? Jeez you guys! It's not how this works, Frank. You have to write up a request, go through channels up the ladder, chain of command. Did you ever hear of that? Yeah, but he's got to leave sometime, right? Yeah, yeah, so do I. And right now while I've still got a career it'd be good I think. Officers, can I help you? We're here to see the chief. Yes I know, he asked me to come down and talk to you. I'm deputy chief Landy. So what's this all about? A fellow member Hector Orandez... Oh yes, right, I know about that situation. And? We want a police funeral. Did you know he killed himself? Did you know he trained a lot of officers? No, I didn't. Did you read his record? I had no reason to. You should go read his record. You're upset, I understand. So I'm going to cut you some slack this time. But there will be no police funeral. Yeah, there will. What did you say? I said yes there will be a police funeral. What's your name and division? Frank Leo, Bridge division. You tell him to sort out his attitude or I'm going to do it for him. She's pissed. So am I. I managed to get most of the guys Hector trained. A few couldn't make it but they said they're okay to whatever. I have no idea what to say to these guys. What the hell do I say to these guys? You got them here, what do you want to say? Frank, they know what this is about and they're behind you. They just want to drink a beer he guy who's sticking it to the brass. You really sure you want to go through this? Yeah, why; changing your mind? I don't remember making up my mind in the first place. All right everybody, the next rounds on me. Frank, he can't be buried in consecrated ground, you know that. We both know that the archbishop does whatever you tell him to. A police funeral for a suicide? It's too public. The last thing we need right now is more controversy. You owe me. You know it. I know it Frank, I know it, but please not this, okay? I can't, I'm sorry. Come here. Come here. So Cathy, tell me, you recognize this guy? Looks kind of familiar. Take a good look. Maybe with a crack pipe in his mouth, pants at his ankles, what do you say? Frank! For God's sake! Hey, Cathy's got a lot to confess... ...and I don't think a priest is going to do it. I kind of think she needs an archbishop. You know what I'm saying? You should run for Pope Frank. Did you cut the back of his uniform? What? Makes it easier to put on. Here... Really doesn't look like Hector does it? Maybe if we wipe off some of that makeup... I think his face would fall apart. To Hector. To Hector. Oh Jesus... did you bring his underwear? Didn't you? Is there an empty locker? Yeah, this one. Carl Harbin, just transferred over. Frank Leo. You're him, the funeral, right? Yeah. Chief... I was just going to see you. Who the hell's Frank Leo? You've been busy Frank and I've been hearing that because of you there's going to be a police funeral tomorrow. The Mayor's been asking me about it, members of the media. Imagine my surprise. So I decided to find out who else knows about this funeral and it turns out every division in the city knows and many of the members are planning on attending. What were the numbers we came up with? 2,000 and counting. So you know where I'm going to go when I get done here Frank? I'm going to give a press conference and I'm going to announce that Officer Hector Orandez, a valiant member of this police department died tragically in an accident and that he will be buried with full honors befitting his many years of service to this city. But you and I will know that's not the truth. You and I will know he died a coward and you and I will also know that you're an insubordinate pain in the ass who just caught a very big break from me and now you owe me. And you will pay me back Frank, pay me back by keeping your mouth shut about this. You got it? Hurry up dad, time to go. I can't get this damn tie right. Mom was sure pretty that day. Oh, the beach? Yeah, it's my first memory. I remember you were cranky as hell. No I wasn't. Yeah, you were. No, I wasn't. Turn around, let me do your tie. What the hell did you do here? She wouldn't let you go swimming after you ate lunch and you threw a fit. And I remember her saying he's just like you Victor, too much pride and too little patience. You should be very proud then; like father like son, huh. You raised me right and all that. This funeral, I didn't know Hector meant that much to you. Well he did. You know what; I am going to fix it in the car. We gotta go. I hope it doesn't rain. Yeah, it was sunny the day we buried mom. What happened to Mike's program? Hey man, that was a good thing you did today. Yeah, Frank you know you've got a natural talent for this stuff. Dead guys and funerals? No, like you know, like organizing people and all that. No offense Tommy but Frank would make a good union rep. I'd vote for you for $100. Frank's not political, right bro? I'm not political. Great job Frank. Okay, I just talked to a lawyer, autopsy says that that kid was all coked up and had some sort of heart condition or something and that's how he died. So the police board is going to have to clear it. Oh, thank you God! Thank you God! Man you guys dodged one big ass bullet on that one. What really had me worried was that damn video. What video? A guy across the street had a video camera, he taped the whole thing. I mean he didn't come forward with it so we didn't tell SIU. You know how those videos can be misunderstood. Yeah. I want you to meet somebody. I'll get in back. Frank this is Neil, he's with internal affairs. Come on! Damn it Frank, just hear the man out. I'm vouching for him. We can't do this here. Hector Orandez was under an IA investigation for taking payoff. Payoff from who? Supposedly Hector caught some pedophile judge trying to pick up a 10-year-old boy in the mall and gave him money to look the other way. Oh, that's total crap. Who initiated the complaint? The rookie riding with him. It was all a box job. The rookie was put up to it by a couple of command officers at Headquarters. It wasn't the first time they tried it either. And why the hell did they do that? It's personal. Pick a reason. So the brass can just initiate an IA investigation just to do that? Man, where you been? Not paying close enough attention, obviously. Just having the accusation over his head would have been enough to ruin him. So how do you fit into this? It was my investigation. I was going to clear him but I was too late. So what, you're looking for forgiveness? Ask God, why you telling me? Recognize this guy? Name's Carl Harbin, just got transferred to your division. Don't trust him; he's a snitch for the brass. You're on somebody's hit list. Perfect. Any idea who? Who you pissed off lately? Hey Frank, you got a minute? Yeah, what's up? You mind? I want to talk to Frank. Yeah, yeah, I got it. I was wondering Frank, what are you doing later tonight, after work? Why, you want to grab a beer? Maybe that, maybe a little something more? Something more? I don't mean dinner and a movie. I got a husband for that. That was my next question. Dumb idea, right? Hey, come here you guys, Billy & Daryl are on TV. What? The police board has released a portion of the video and again we remind you some of the images you're about to see may be disturbing. For some perspective on this I'm here with George Tally of the Police Board and Abby St. James of the prosecutor's office. Mr. Tally, can you tell us who took this video and why are we just seeing it now? I can't reveal our source Helen. What I can say is thank God we have the angels on our side. This is what I've been saying for months; cops are way out of control. The video clearly shows the officers' excessive use of force is what caused this boys death. Also it's clear they knew they were being taped and yet they failed to bring this damning evidence to light. Why not? Because they knew they had something to hide. Ms. St. James, in light of this new evidence, will the prosecutor's office be charging these two officers? With all due respect to Mr. Tally, I don't think... Who's this prosecutor? Is she new? She's hot. She's the enemy. We're in serious trouble. I don't even remember doing that. Take it easy. I'm fine. [uncl This is BS! The kid, he was like crazy. He kicked me in the nuts, he kicked me in the face. He was fitting to... we couldn't hold him down. I mean come on man, why didn't the guy videotape that part? Probably did, they're just not showing it on purpose. Where the hell did they get the tape? What do you think new guy? The guy must have decided to come forward I guess. Frank, you set for that drug buy? Yeah, we're expecting. Carl, you don't mind giving these guys a hand later, do you? Sure, no, I'm up for it. We get measured by violence Frank. People can't help it they see something like that. Yeah, but they just need to see the whole thing, see how it all went down, you know? Hey, I thought you wanted to eat. Yeah, I got something I gotta do. I'll call you later. Ms. St. James? Yes. This is about that kid who died. I work with the two police officers. You're prosecuting that case right? I will be but I'm sorry, I can't really discuss that with you. Did you see the entire video, I mean the part that showed why the officers had to use force on him? Police officers have to be held to a higher standard, don't you think? Not when it's being used to screw with them, no I don't agree with that. The officers put you up to this? I talked to the guy who had the camera okay. He didn't come forward because he didn't think the police officers did anything wrong. And then he's surprised as hell when SIU shows up at his house last night with a search warrant. What's your name? Frank Leo. Well Frank Leo, I'm sorry but I'm going to have to end this conversation. Just answer me this. Why did the police board only release part of the tape? And don't tell me you haven't asked yourself that question because I know you have. Give it to him. You give them the money, you take the stuff, we take them down. It's not Punjabi Mafia, I thought Punjabis controlled little India. No, this guy's a Tamil. He works alone, he's trying to make a name for himself. Give us a minute to get around back. Oh yeah, give me your weapon, he's going to pat you down. All right. You stand up, we know it's time. What's wrong my friend? I want what you got for me. Hm? What have you got for me, huh? Let me out, I'm a police officer. That's not what I hear. I hear that you are a rat. Are you a rat? Huh? Let me out. Nobody's keeping you... rat. Hello. Who? Oh yeah, hey. How you... what's that? Yeah, yeah, no, no, I know the place, sure. You look different. Is that a compliment? Because you look exactly the same and that's most definitely a compliment. I'll have the same. Let's go sit down. So I thought you couldn't talk to me. I've been taken off the case. What? What happened? I don't believe there's enough evidence for a conviction and don't ask me why I'm telling you okay. You saw the whole video. Is your boss going to drop it? The video is in the eye of the beholder and George Tally knows it which is why he's going to push this thing as far as he can. Forget guilt and innocence, he's making a point. I don't understand. What does Tally want? What does he get by doing this? Frank, biggest mistake you can make with a guy like Tally is to think he's operating with a political agenda. He is a zealot, he really believes he is protecting the public against bad cops, end of story. Of course you put him with somebody who is operating on a political agenda, like my boss, who is lusting after the Attorney General's job and it just makes me bloody madder than hell. All right, so what do we do? What do you think? Work the back channels. Change the focus of the inquiry. I don't know. This is something that the union should be doing and I'm surprised I haven't heard from them at all on this. Forget it, the union is useless. It doesn't have any teeth. Then maybe they should grow some. Look I'm sorry, I gotta go. You know you're working for the wrong side. Those three missing uniforms, remember those? Well it appears we got three bad guys out there posing as cops and ripping off drug dealers. Could be using our uniforms, we don't know. Anyway talk to your CI see if anybody's heard anything. Also you see on your sheet there that Alex and Jill here got the make, model and plate number of the pickup that killed two of our homeless. It's registered to Lee Gordon Murray. Mr. Murray has no priors, but consider him armed with a pickup and dangerous. Yeah, Frank? Everybody knows the situation with Billy and Daryl? Well I just found out that this guy Tally is not going to let it go and he doesn't care if they get convicted in court or in public. Either way their careers are getting screwed over and I figure it's about time that we did something about it. So what I figure we do and what I propose is the Bridge Division is a one-day walkout. Are you crazy? You just don't walk out. It doesn't work like that. Why not? I think it's a good idea. I agree. Bring some attention maybe. Like we did with the funeral, right? Wrong, it's not the same thing. You walk out and you're putting the public in danger. Right there the brass can throw all your asses in jail. Not if it's a union thing. If it's a union thing we're protected, right? What? Did I miss something? When did the union mean anything to you? I gotta agree with Tommy, I mean walkout seems extreme. That's Billy and Daryl today, that's me and you tomorrow Mike. We watch each other's backs on the streets every single day. This is no different. Frank, I'm sorry, I can't risk it. Anybody that doesn't want in, nobody's going to look hard on them, okay? Come on, you're going along with this? Come on Tommy, what about it? We need you to make it legitimate. Then you gotta pick another union rep, I can't do it. I can't be responsible for ruining all your careers. Leave me out of it. Hey Frank you should be our union rep, I mean it was your idea, right? No, no, no. No! It's too late buddy, we're drafting you. Careful what you wish for partner. Hands where I can see 'em! Get up against the car! Get up against the car! You got him? Got him. Gun. Big gun. Down on the ground! Get down! On your knees. Get down! Got money. Got drugs. Stay safe. Don't even think about calling the cops. They're all gonna be on strike at midnight. Shut up, man. You talk too much. Put your face down! You know what to do, right? Yeah. I'm gonna call I. A., and I'm gonna go, "You want to know who's doing the drug rip-offs? Look at Frank Leo. " That's right. Because with this strike, the brass will do anything to get him. What do you got against this Frank Leo, anyway? Nothing, man. He's a friend of mine. Can you believe that the cops in Bridge division are all on strike? Talk to me. Betty, what do you think? My husband's on his second tour in Afghanistan, you think he can just go on strike when he wants to? Good point. Harold, what's up? I say fire every one of them. Okay, what about that... All right everybody, listen up for a sec, listen up. Just listen to me for one sec. All right, we have just released a full copy of the video to the media along with this statement which I will now read... This walkout is to show our support for our fellow officers whose reputations are being unjustly blackened by the Police Board. If the board wants to try these officers then let them do it fairly and in a court of law and not unjustly in a court of public opinion. The police board has to learn that there's a difference between prosecution and persecution. Those officers who are off duty will leave the building. Those officers who are on shift will return to duty immediately. Is that clear? Let's talk. I could have you arrested for this. Yeah, you could probably try. You're ambitious Frank. I just didn't realize how ambitious. And what's that supposed to mean? I mean Frank you're a promising young man. I can do a hell of a lot for your career, maybe even clear a path to deputy chief. And what would I have to do for you? You go out there, you tell them whatever you have to tell them, but you get them back to work. All right, hang on, hang on. Listen up. Just had a really interesting conversation with deputy chief Landy. She really wants you all to go back to work. And to get you back to work she offered me a bribe. What do you think? Should I take it? No! We're not in this for ourselves, we're in this for each other. Maybe this time they get the message. Did you see Tommy? He didn't come in. I put the video on the internet, so far it's fifty, fifty, for and against. It doesn't matter as long as they see the police board is lying and we're the ones telling the truth. Frank, take a look... the emails we've been getting. So far about 1, 400 officers are gone back to their stations to support us. What? A couple of more hours there's not going to be another officer left on the streets. Hey, pizza here guys, compliments of Vic's union. Hey Vic, thanks. I'm starving. We'll take these around. So where's my man Tommy? How's he handling this thing? Uh... it's not Tommy dad, it's me, I'm union rep now. This wildcat, that was you? Yeah, all me. So how many did you manage to get out? Pretty much everybody. Well it's easy to get em out Frank, it's getting them back in that's the hard part. What do you mean? Well they're going to want to feel like their sacrifice counted for something and they got a good deal for it. Okay, so say I don't get that good deal dad, what happens then? What do I do? Well you won't get everything but whatever you do get, you put a ribbon on it and you sell the hell out of it. Hey Frank. Chief's here. What'd I tell you. All right, let's go see the chief. Well the last time we met I had to come down pretty hard on you didn't I? Not hard enough apparently. What's it going to take to end this Frank? Get George Tally off his bully pulpit. That's right to the point. I'm not finished. We need more detectives in this division. Well let's start with the police board okay. Would a public statement that they were wrong the way they handled this episode, that do it? Not even close. What if I told you the prosecutors won't bring a case against these officers. We want an apology from the board. Not a statement, an apology, and George Tally makes it. Well unfortunately I don't have any control over George, but I have friends on the board who might make this happen. That's all you're going to get on this one Frank; anymore is a deal breaker. We write the apology. Just so you remember I didn't have to come down here and have this little face to face with you. Tommy Gun. Hey man. I was just on my way to talk to the membership about everything and someone told me you came in. I heard you talked to the Chief. How'd that go? No prosecution. Police board is going to back off and I got two more detectives. That's good. What'd he say about overtime? We stuck a pin in it for later. So, they made the right choice then. No, no they didn't. Wrong choice. Look I'm no good at this union stuff. I never wanted it, I still don't. You know Frank they never would have all followed me out like that. But you, you've got that thing, that light... No, Tommy don't say that. I'm no different than you. Yeah, you are. Come on Daryl and Billy are still going to get sanctioned, slapped on the wrist, whatever, Tally's got to save face. Yeah, no, you're right, absolutely. And that's why I need you man. I need your help. Yeah? Well I can't wait to see you try and sell no overtime to the membership. Let's go. 658, we are west on Dell Lane in pursuit of the suspect's pickup. Where are you guys? Bridge CID we are close to your position. Copy. West? I'll bet he's headed for the parkway. No never in a million years is he going to go for the parkway. It's a parkway, he's going to lose us in rush hour traffic. He's going to cross the bridge and he's going to try and shake us on the service street. If he makes a right on East 12th he'll be headed for the Bridge. After we'll take him into more residential. Yeah, well I doubt he's going to do that. Watch out, look out, look out! $20 he goes for the parkway. Done. Car! Lights! Don't you see lights? He's making a right! 658 he's on 12th headed for the bridge! Son of a bitch. Guess who's buying me lunch? He's on the viaduct now. Bridge CID. We will intersect and take the lead. Oh crap! Bridge 658, what are crossing conditions? Bridge 658, what's your speed? 70 k... All units, halt your pursuit, halt pursuit... Bridge 152, we'll box him in from your position. Can anyone hear dispatch? He's taking the alley! Any units out there that can hear me? In the truck... show me your hands! Show me your God damn hands! Show me your hands right now! Open that door! Open the door god damn it and show me your hands! Bridge 658, what is your location? Show me your hands. Get out of the truck! Turn around! Any units... give locations. Turn around and back to me. Back up... faster, faster, faster's better. Anybody else in the truck? Is there anyone else in the truck? In the vehicle, step out! Call a medic! Call a medic! Tommy! Officer down, officer down! order paramedics, put a rush on it! Oh god! Hey Alex... Oh Geez. Is my grandma okay? I understand your partner is going to lose his leg. I'm sorry. Yeah, so is he. Have you seen him? Yeah, have you? They wouldn't let us in. So you guys are what; IA? Where's SIU, this is usually their sort of thing? In your case it's our thing. Oh really, why's that? Let's talk about the shooting. I'm attempting to pull Mr. Murray's pickup over but he refuses to comply. And that justifies a high speed pursuit in your opinion? Well that was the suspect choice to run, not mine. He runs, you chase him regardless of who gets hurt. No, no, no. He runs, we catch him and then he doesn't hurt anybody else. Are you saying nobody checked to see who else was in the pickup? You couldn't see in it, the windows were too dark. So what? Everybody just starts shooting, is that it? The pickup backed up right at us. Mr. Murray says that's not true. Then how the hell did it hit Tommy then? Did Mr. Murray explain that? Guess what; I've had it up to here with you. You're done, finished. We came to you Rose, you said you wanted to help yourself out. I got your damn wire tap warrant for Frank's house didn't I? Are you screwing him yet? He wouldn't go for it, okay. What about the shooting? Is there anything there we can use? The chase got called off and we ignored it. But you'll never prove it, everybody will lie about it. What about the drug rip offs? Frank? No way he's involved in those. Frank or you, who is it going to be? Does he ever talk about his father? Frank, just came from forensics, they didn't find any blood or fibers on the pickup. It's been repainted. Okay you guys, that's it. We gotta get a good lawyer Frank. I mean we tried this, we felt that that's not going to work anymore. Do you know any good ones? You're joking right? Just answer me this, do you love our job... and remember, I am a highly trained professional and I will know if you're lying, so tell me, do you love your job? I do love my job, yes. But you don't love the people that you work with, right? That's more to the point. So you go into private practice. You get 6 clients like that. Frank, look I'm sorry, I'm just not that spontaneous. Why not? You afraid you're going to catch on fire or something? Or something, definitely. All right. Is this where you bring all the girls to talk them into being spontaneous? Yes, yes I do. Do you only go out with other cops or do you date outside your religion? Well I don't usually date lawyers that's for sure. They make way too much money. Well it's a good thing this isn't a date then. I have a boyfriend. How come you helped me the other day? My grandfather was a cop. Really? Hm... I was really worried today when I thought it was you Frank. I told him, "You fix me up with a new leg, I want one that looks like a leaf spring. " Oh, you mean the ones for runners? You know, you're actually gonna have to get off the couch for that one. No problemo, partner. I got three months of rehab to learn how to walk in the damn thing. Well, look who's here. Hey, look at you! Girls are gonna be all over you, man. They love a gimp. That's what my wife said. Good thing she's okay with it. Mine's always trying to remake me. Yeah, you guys, I was thinking, those guys ripping off drug dealers, stole our police uniforms... they could have just waited. They could have gotten mine for cheap. It would have cost you a fortune replacing them, though. I mean, you got to come back and work with me, partner. It's not my call. The brass want me on a desk. Are you serious? You're serious. Why? I didn't follow procedure. I got behind the pickup. The I.A.'s saying it's my fault that I lost my leg. Tommy, I.A. is saying it's everybody's fault. I don't want to be a guy who can't back up his partner. I quit. You just... you quit? You don't talk to me about it? You don't talk to us about it? You just quit? What the hell?! Since when do you tell me anything before you just go ahead and do it? Frank, if you want to change things, there's an election coming up. I think you should run for the president of the police union. Are you kidding? Frank will never leave the streets. Anyway, I don't want to talk about it no more. It's done. Nothing's done can't be undone, Tommy. What, are you gonna grow me a new leg now? Hey, Frank. I figured this thing out. This was the place where the first homeless victim, Bo, was killed, right? Yeah. Right there. Yeah, and right over there is where I saw this pickup truck and tried to pull it over, at the end of the block. Now, see that house over there? Yeah? It belongs to Lee Murray's grandmother, who husband owned an insurance company, left her in a lot of debt. Her neighbors told me that many homeless people were visiting her every day. So, what are you saying? The grandmother was making friends with homeless people and then started to take out life-insurance policies on them. And then her grandson would run them over, and she would collect the money. We got the right people, Frank. We don't give a damn if they're the right people or not, Frank. You guys fired 68 rounds at that pickup. It was a really big pickup. You know how many times you guys hit the victim? Four times. Two of those bullets came from your weapon. Phew. And I was worried that I didn't hit anything at all. A 76-year-old unarmed woman... that was your threat? 76-year-old armed with a pickup and a murderer. Yeah. The only murderer we're concerned about here is you, Frank. Chase got called off. This woman ends up dead. You're gonna do some time for that, Frank. Thing is, maybe we can help you out there. You tell us about the drug rip-offs, we'll see about cutting you a deal. What do you say? Drug rip-offs? Excuse me? Oh, come on, Frank. We know you're involved with those, okay? It has to be you. It's simple. You cop to the rip-offs, you get a pass on this other thing. You just... gonna sit there? You're not gonna say anything? Sounds to me like a pretty good offer. They're just trying to bait you. I don't know; the way they were going after me, it was almost personal. What did you lawyer say? Huh... nothing, he's useless, he just literally sat there and watched them walk all over me. Prick. Yeah, exactly. So what do I do? Okay, no more interviews. You want them to charge you with the shooting. Your best shot is going to be at trial. All right. Thank you. I know you took a chance coming down here. Uh huh. Give me $5. What? Give me $5. What's that for? You just retained me. You said you had a boyfriend. You said you'd know if I was lying. Hey,... Hey Rose, how you holding up? Okay. Not really okay. Think we could talk for a minute. Sure, get in the car. Frank, the thing is, IA, when they interviewed me it was really weird Frank. What do you mean? I mean like they kept asking me all these questions about your dad. My dad? Yeah, they said that when your dad was head of the local he and another guy took money from the pension fund. What? Yeah, and I guess only this other guy got found out and he killed himself. They kept saying things like the apple doesn't fall far from the tree, like father, like son. You know, things like that. They think you're dirty Frank. They're asking me about those missing uniforms. They think you're one of the guys ripping off these drug dealers and they thought I'd know because we used to sleep together. Rose, Rose, they pulled the same crap on me. They're just trying to wind you up, get us against each other. The said they have proof. Do you think I'd take money Rose? Did your dad take money? Get out. Frank... Get out of the car. Frank! You guys can go to hell. A hell of a good job you did with that strike Frank. You the hall and all. Like father, like son, you know. Well I just got lucky, I'm no you. I'm just saying; sometimes life tells you what it wants you to do. I'm going to ask you something dad. How many cards you want? Two. I stand pat. It's about that guy that used to come over when I was young. Sunday dinners, you guys would play poker after. I think you called him Uncle Bill. Whatever happened to that guy? What, you were 6, 7 years old, you still remember Bill? Remember one time you guys got really drunk and had big fight out on the front lawn. It's right when you took over the local, right? Could be, I'm not sure. Killed himself, didn't he? Yeah, he had problems. He was taking money from the pension fund? That's what they said. Yeah. Did you ever take money dad? That's a hell of a question to ask me. I'm just trying to understand. I don't care, it's not a big deal. I just... trying to understand, did you take money? You want to know, I'll tell you. Yeah, you're old man took money once. He was a weak son of a bitch and he gave in to his demons and he prayed to god that you'd never find out and you'd never look at him the way you're looking at him right now. Dad, come on. I'm going to go. I'm going to go. No, dad, it's not about the money. I don't care if you took money, I don't care. What do you have anyway? Nothing. Yeah, me either. Dad, come on! They were closing up. Ruby found her in there and called me. Hey Ruby. Hey. Oh, come on Rose. Oh, he's got me all twisted up Frank. I know, they got us all a little twisted. Didn't need to come to this though. Give me that. Give me the gun. Okay? I wasn't going to do anything with it. Fine. Then go home. Frank I've got to tell you something. I was wired today when I talked to you. God damn Rose. But it wasn't about you taking money. It's all about your dad taking money. What did they want to hear? They didn't know whether you knew and if you didn't know they were pretty sure you'd ask your dad about it. Frank, they got your house bugged. Your phones... How long? Digging into your life since the funeral. They were just waiting for a chance to get you and the shooting was perfect for them. What did they want to use it for? They want to embarrass you with it if it goes to trial and if it doesn't then they still got something they can hold over you. I'm so sorry Frank. they said they'd ruin my career and that's my whole life. But it's okay to ruin mine, huh. You know what... go ahead, shoot yourself. You're dead to me! I'll get her home. I don't care. You will. What do we do now? You can only face the devil you know. We're going to need the phone. Call that IA guy, that Neil guy, get me a face to face. We're going to be here a while. Dad, its Frank, again. Look, pick up the phone, I need to talk to you. Dad, come on. Call me back as soon as you get this message, but don't call my cell, don't call the house, use this number that I gave you. This wire tap in your house, have you said anything that they can use? Yeah, everything... the monkey dance. Rabbi, give me your cell? I'm trying my dad. Yeah. Sounds like they're doing one hell of a box job on you. Yeah, you help me out? Maybe, I don't know. Look, I just need a name. I think I know who it is, but I gotta be sure. Meet me in front of the in two hours, if I don't have it by then I won't have it. Okay. Frank. Hey, you talk to my dad? If you go after deputy chief Landy you're going to have to go after a half dozen more. Start with this guy here. Farnum. Part of his division pulled of that funeral. Frank you embarrassed him then you did it again with the strike. I embarrassed him and that's what this is all about? Farnum was Landy's golden boy, you tarnished his image. Who else knows they're screwing with me? Take your pick. Landy's being groomed for the chief's job by someone, I don't know, someone on the city council, police board, maybe even the mayor. Hard to say, it defies logic and gravity... and it all rolls uphill. Farnum? What do you want Frank? My father died last night. Anything you had on him to use against me, died with him. And when the public thinks the cops are out of control they're going to see your face and I promise you that. You think this can't be pulled down. I am not the union, we are the union and together, together, tonight we are putting Chief Wycott, all the deputy chiefs and the entire police force on notice. Is it true you've hired a team of private detectives and that you're going after Internal Affairs? You mean the intimidation and blackmail squad, yeah that's true. As of right now, tonight, there will never be... there will never be another officer in this city sacrificed on the alter of someone's personal or political agenda. Does this mean you'll be investigating the investigators? Don't worry Helen, we won't be investigating you, unless you misquote me. Is it true you've hired 50 new lawyers? Together we own this city! Frank, Frank, Frank Hey Mike, cops. What do we do if they come in? Kill them. Mike... what's his last name? Pedansky. Yeah. Pedansky. So you're the head of the union Frank, Mike belongs to you. Your call. What do these guys want? We need your permission to use lethal force to bring him down. They want a killing? He was ready to kill two of us. So when is this happening? A couple of hours from now, first light. Alright. What if I just went and shot Mike myself, would that appease these guys? Look, you can always just say no Frank. But if word gets out that you gave a free pass to a cop who was going to kill other cops, you're going to lose the trust of the membership. You're going to lose the union. And if I say yes I'm sanctioning murder. Well yeah. It doesn't look very good for you either way I guess, does it? What about you Ed? These guys coming down from up north, they've run roughshod all over us, that's okay with you; you're all right with that? No, it's not okay with me. They do it once they think they're going to be able to come down here and do it any time they damn well please. So what; you're just going to let them do it just this one time... to what; get some leverage on me, pull me down, is that it? Frank, it's nothing personal. What am I going to say the them? Tell them they got a no knock warrant. If they want to go in hard, they want to kill him, be my guest. Frank, you scared the hell out of me. Hi Mike. How come you're wearing your uniform? You rip somebody off tonight? I see its paying off for you. What's all this about. This is about a posse of police officers that are on their way here right now to shoot you dead. Why? Because they found out that you wanted to shoot two of us dead. So tell me, what should I do? You think I should let them? You should get out of my house before I forget you and I were once friends. Take a look out the window Mike... dark sedan across the street. They're waiting for the tactical unit to show up. Daryl, Billy out there right now, keeping them at bay, keeping them busy. For now... You never used to call for tactical. No, they would always get in our way wouldn't they? Tonight Mike, they're here to get in your way. Okay. Okay. Okay, how about this Frank, okay? Just go out the back door, let me go and you'll never see me again. You guys come on in. Mike, you really that far gone? Come on Frank, give me a chance man. I am giving you a chance Mike. You really need to take this one. You turn yourself in, I was never here, you understand. We'll call it a crisis of conscience. On your knees Mike, hands behind your back, knees apart. Okay. Just at least let me change my uniform to Get down on your knees Mike now! Come on guys... let me change my god damn uniform. Don't take me in in my uniform! Come on Frank, don't take me in in my uniform man! Shut up! I hear Mike turned himself in. Yeah. Hell of a thing, huh? Middle of the night guy just gets a crisis of conscience. Let you off the hook though didn't it? Same goes for you Ed? Does that mean I owe you for this? We'll see how you do. This looks wrong doesn't it? They're in real estate together. The question was, where are they getting their investment capital, but... Let me tell you what's going to happen. I'm cleaning up this department, top to bottom, that's a given. The question then becomes do you want to help me out or do you want to be thrown out with the other garbage. You're a hell of a quick study for a guy who once told me all he ever wanted to be was a good cop. Yeah well sometimes life tells you what it wants you to do. ... do you want to help me out or do you want to be thrown out with the other garbage. ... does that mean I owe you for this? Hey Frank. Hey Ross, what's up? Not too much. It's a nice neighborhood. I like your house. Yeah thanks. Listen I'm completely wiped man, what's up. I gotta talk to you Frank. Can you talk to me for a minute? Yeah, sure, in a minute. Is that your car? Who's in your car? It's Alisa, my wife. You met her. Yeah, right Alisa. Listen why don't you come in, I'll make some coffee. Tell her to come in, we'll talk. She can't Frank, she's dead. Where's the baby Ross? It's at her sister's house. I just move back in and you know, her sister was giving us some time to get back on our feet. And how's that going? It was great at first. It was an accident Frank, I swear to god. All right, it's okay. Just going to make a phone call, okay? Okay. Stay with me? Yeah. All right pal, hang on. Okay. Abby, it's Frank. No, I haven't been to sleep. Just listen to me okay. I need you to do a couple of things. First of all I need you to call Rabbi, I need a paramedic unit, no lights, no sirens, totally off the books. I need you to go to Ross's old place, he knows where it is, tell him to wait for me there. Two, I need you to call Tommy, get a couple of uniforms that we can trust. Send them over to my place again, off the books. Just tell them there's a package that needs to be taken back to where it came from. And then I need you over here ASAP, all right? I'll explain when you get here. Thank you. I am so scared to go to prison. Hey Ross, look at me, look at me. It's not going to come to that, but if it does I promise you you will not be alone. I will walk you in there myself. You will never be alone. We're going to help you out through this, all of us. Okay? Yeah. I guess my life is in your hands, huh? Sync by honeybunny www.addic7ed.com www.tvsubtitles.net 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 