I, Claudius: Season 1, Episode 8 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 I, Claudius 
 s1e8 - Reign of Terror - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 I, Claudius (1976): Season 1, Episode 8 - Reign of Terror - full transcript 
 Sejanus divorces his wife in order to marry Livilla but Tiberius refuses permission and suggests that he marries Livilla's daughter Helen instead, which so enrages Livilla that she poisons Helen. With Tiberius spending most of his time on Capri Sejanus seems to hold absolute power in Rome and, to consolidate his position, has Agrippina and her son Nero banished and her other son Drusus arrested and sent to prison where he dies. A shocked Antonia finally sees evidence of the plots her daughter Livilla and Sejanus have hatched together and has Claudius smuggle the incriminating facts to Tiberius. As a result the new prefect of the Praetorian guard Macro kills Sejanus and his followers are also put to death. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 With the death of Livia the last restraint on Tiberius was removed. He handed the running of the Empire over to Sejanus and retired to Capri. A reign of terror began. No one was safe. Oh. Sejanus arrested Agrippina, her eldest son, Nero, and countless others besides His ambition was limitless He had divorced his wife... Apicata. ..and become my sister's.. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Livilla's. ..lover - hoping to marry her. My mother remained curiously innocent of much that was going on, until one day, Apicata came to visit her. Sejanus had taken their children with him and Apicata wanted them back. She feared my sister would harm them once married to Sejanus Now she demanded that my mother speak to my sister and enlist her help. Will you speak to her? Ask her to persuade him to let me have them? To her, they?re a nuisance - they?ll only come between him and her - I can understand that but to me they are everything. Everything. Understand this. That though my daughter lives in my house since the death 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 of her husband, we are not on friendly terms. I despise her though she is my daughter and I'll ask no favour of her. I despise that man I know to be her lover, and you too I despise for having married him knowing what he was. And now you complain because he treats you as you were once content to see him treat others! You disgust me, all of you! You and people like you have made a sewer of Rome, fit only for rats to live in! Honour, service, duty mean nothing any more. Your children are everything? What of Rome? All you are you owe to Rome. But you've destroyed it with goody ambition and petty selfishness. Well. enjoy what you've made of it, but don't come crying to me! I didn't come here to talk of Rome, but of my children. Rome can sink. I want my children! And if you won't help me freely, I must tell you something, Lady, that may compel you. I told you I knew much and more besides. Well. here it is. Your daughter's husband died no natural death. Castor was murdered by your daughter. Sejanus supplied the poison but she fed it to him. That guilty pair are set upon a course that will lead them to a kingly crown - they want nothing less. If I go to Tiberius with this story, what then becomes of your precious family name? You're lying. No. What proof have you? Slaves that will talk freely, or under torture, of things seen. Why haven't you bean to the Emperor? Sejanus has the sorting of his mail and the sifting of his visitors. To get to Tiberius would cost me my life and that's my last resort. He reads people's wills when they leave everything to him. Not even Sejanus can prevent that. And if need be, that's the course I'll follow. Without my children, my life is nothing. Think carefully, Mark Antony's daughter. Guard your family name. Let the lovers have their crown, what is that to us? But get me back my children! Well. she certainly l-l-loves her children. Oh, you fool! Is that all you can find to say? What else do you w=want me to say? - Do you believe her? - N-n-no! Not a word of it. She's demented. Her mind's unhinged. Livilla's done some pretty d-dreadful things in her time, but I can't believe she'd do that. What dreadful things? Oh, err, things. She connived at the b-banishment of Postumus. Ah, well. you know. No, I didn't know. How? Why wasn't I told? Well.. It was all a s-secret. I'm the only one that knows. I think L-Livia m-m-made her do it. And why was it a secret from me and not from you? It's a l-l-long story, Mother. Well. what am I to do now? We shall find someone else for you to marry. Stop blubbering, child! Do you think affairs of state take account of your plans? (KNOCKING) What is it? She's crying because she can't now marry Nero. I've told her we shall find someone else. Is that all you can think of - your own thwarted pleasures? You'd better pray for his safety. Leave us. I want to talk to your mother. She thinks of nothing but marriage. And what do you think of? What does that mean? Is it true you intend to marry Aelius Sejanus? - You've bean talking to someone. - Is it true? He's asked me to marry him, yes. And I've accepted. Why not? I'm tired of living alone. - Do you live alone? - You sea that I live alone. I don't keep track of your comings and goings. I am still a young woman, Mother. Castor died nearly five years ago. You can't expect me to live like a Vestal I'm not talking of whose bed you climb in. How you dispose of your body is your affair, but marriage is different. Do I need to remind you whose child you are? I am in love with him, Mother... - and he with me. - He's using you. I don't wish to discuss it further! You're living in a fool's paradise if you think Tiberius will agree. If you marry him, what will happen to his children? What do I care about his children? Apicata would like them to live with her. I sea. You've bean talking to Apicata. Yes. She wants you to persuade Sejanus to let her have them back. He won't do that. He's fond of them. Let her sea them again. He's stopped her seeing them. What's that to me?! I don't know. Perhaps one day, it might be a great deal I cannot allow you to marry Livilla. I've read your letter carefully and given it a lot of thought, but I'm afraid the answer must be no. May I know the reasons? You're entitled to know them. Such a marriage would compel me to raise you to an exalted rank. - I've never looked for that. - I know, but I'd have no choice. Do you suppose that Livilla would be content to grow old as the wife of a man outside the Senate? Well. you could ask her. Her answer would be one thing before marriage and another after. Her brother, Germanicus, and her father Drusus, my brother, both held the highest offices of state. Don't you think a faction in Rome would demand the same for you? I have always said I have no wish to rise above my present rank. Some would say you have risen above them even without rank. You sea, in envying you, they criticise me. You say, on the one hand I have too many friends, and on the other, I have too many enemies. - Is it untrue? - I've made them in your service. - Oh, I know that. - I'm not complaining. I know, but you're disappointed. Let me put another proposal to you. One that would excite less comment. Since Nero's arrest, his betrothal to Livilla's daughter must be considered at an end. Would you contemplate marriage with her? - With Helen? - Why not? Such an alliance would be much more acceptable to me. Well. think about it. Now, who wishes to sea me? Um... I have the list here. I've marked the ones you should sea. The rest are of no consequence. Those you've marked I'll sea tomorrow. The rest you can send away. You can deal with them yourself. - And Agrippina? - I'll sea her now. I take it you have no wish to sea Nero? None. Well. Thrasyllus, was I wise to deny him marriage with Livilla? Thrasyllus? Wise, Excellency. And to offer him her daughter instead? - He deserves it. - He's my right hand. Without him I'd be a drudge in Rome and the butt of everybody?s hate. As it is, let him be the drudge and him be the butt. My dear...you look like a Greek tragedy. And you look like a Roman farce. Your tongue has cost you dear and will cost you dearer. You pitiful worm-eaten old ruin! It's not my tongue that costs me, but the love people have for me and my family. And how you have used that love against me. Against you? Germanicus could have led the armies of the Rhine against you. They proclaimed him Emperor, but he said Rome already had one. The fool! Every word you say makes my task easier. Don't pretend you aver found it hard to be vindictive. You always were. Are you so senile that you're blind to your own interests? I'm not blind to yours. You're an old man and you'll die soon. Who can succeed but one of the sons of Germanicus? I've a grandson of my own - Livilla's boy. Gemellus is a child. Rome isn't Egypt. Children don't rule because their father ruled. Rome must be governed by men. I'll make my own arrangements! You? You think you'll make them, but he'll make them. Sejanus - that black spider that sits on your shoulder squirting his poison in your ear. You think you rule in Rome? He rules in Rome! And the moment the last of my boys is dead, you'll know he rules in Rome. My dear, how pretty you look when you look angry. It makes me surd to have to send you away. But a queen must have a domain and I've chosen yours. Do you know where I'm going to send you? To the island of Panadoria, where Julia, your mother, spent so many years in exile. You will inherit her kingdom. That's only just. Your greatest wish will be fulfilled. You will be queen after all As for Nero, I'm sending him to Ponza. An island even smaller than yours. You'll have to think how to govern these mighty empires. If you're lonely, I could come and call on you. Blood-soaked mud you've bean called and that's what you are. (YELLS) Bring me a vine branch! This queen needs flogging before she goes! Gentlemen, if you leave your names with my secretary, all your requests will be considered. Excuse me. Commander, did you mention my case to the Emperor? It was discussed. His decision will be communicated to you. - But you did promise... - Excuse me. Father, Father, you're back! - I told you he'd be back today. - You only guessed. Well. I was right. May we have dinner with you? We've bean very good, haven't we? We've done all our lessons. Then you can have dinner with me. Now go to your rooms. I have work to do. Father, why can't we sea Mother again? I told you I didn't wish to discuss that again. I'm displeased that you disobey me. She came here while you were away. The servants wouldn't let her in. Father, please let her come and sea us? Go to your rooms. You have made me very angry. Don't be angry. We didn't mean to make you angry, did we, Junius? Only we do miss her. The Lady Livilla is here. What a pretty girl you are, Arria. Thank you. Go to your rooms. We'll meat again at dinner. - Did you ask him? - Yes. What did he say? He refused. Refused? But why? He said you were too exalted for me. Well. in a way, you are. But we must marry. That's what we've planned, what we've waited for. Did he give any other reason? He said you wouldn't be content that I remain in my present rank. He said it would foster dangerous jealousies. Then you must try again later. I don't think so. I think we may have made a mistake in asking him. - It may have made him suspicious. - I have the right to marry again. If he won't give his permission, we shall marry without it. - That might be dangerous. - What are we to do? I want to be married. You promised me marriage! Have you changed your mind? - No, of course not. - Does it suit you as we are? My darling, all that I have done I have done for one reason - that is to give us the right to be together. And that old goat is not going to stop us. - He did suggest something. - Something? He said... He wasn't opposed in principle to a marriage link with his family. He suggested a marriage with your daughter. You bastard. You bastard. - I'll kill you! I'll kill you! - Stop it! - You filthy swine! - Listen to me! If that is one way we can be together, then why not? You'd like that! To be in bed with mother and daughter! You bastard! You filthy bastard! (SEJANUS) Listen. - Let's be practical - Don't touch me! Helen means nothing to me! But if Tiberius agrees, it solves our problem. I will be linked with the Imperial family. You'll live with us. We'll be together. - Will Helen agree? - Helen will do as she's told. - It will mean a break... - A break? Until the marriage. Then it'll be as though it never happened. You'll service us both then? Like a stallion? Don't talk like that! I love you! Don't spoil it. Everything is going as we planned. Agrippina and Nero have bean banished. They won't return. I'm having documents prepared to send Drusus the same way. Tiberius will consent to his arrest. That leaves Caligula to deal with. Then Tiberius will have no one to turn to but me. Now, let's be sensible. We have waited a long time. You know I am nothing without you. Let me talk to Helen. Let me persuade her. Trust me. That's all I ask. Once again, the Emperor writes from Capri demanding another arrest! First it was the Lady Agrippina and her eldest son, Nero Caesar, and now it is her second son, Drusus Caesar. No documents are produced for the Senate to investigate. Only our "consent" is asked for. Our signature. Like that of some compliant wife. Senators, my signature is not to be had for the asking. I was brought up to read a document before I signed it. You may do as you please. Senators, I ask that the question be put for the arrest of Drusus Caesar. - No! - Aye! (ALL) Aye! Aye! I must sea the Emperor! Those letters were forged! - Get in! - They?re not mine! Please! Let me sea Sejanus, then! Please let me out! Please let me out! If he keeps it up, quieten him. Otherwise, don't open the door. - How do we feed him? - You don't. Uncle Claudius! Uncle Claudius! C-Caligula. Where have you bean? Staying at the house in Antium. I took some friends down there. We had a wonderful time. Have you heard D-Drusus has bean arrested? Yes, it's a great shame, isn't it? Do you think they?ll kill him? Well. d-doesn't it worry you? He's your brother. I said it was a shame, didn't I? Listen. Caligula. I think you're in grave danger. Who from? - Who? - Sshh! Tiberius. - Tiberius? - Sshh! No, I don't think so. He's invited me to Capri. T-to C-Capri? Yes, to C-C-Capri. Yes. - Are you going? - Of course I am. Everyone has such a marvellous time. Do you believe the stories? They say he has little girls running around the gardens like wood nymphs, naked. - What are you going to say to him? - What about? About your mother and your t-t-two brothers. - What can I say to him? - Damn it, doesn't it bother you?! Yes, of course it does! I shall have to watch my step. Very unpredictable these days. Listen, Cal.. Caligula, if you get the chance, you must s-speak up for them. Of course I shall For Mother, anyway. I couldn't give a damn about Drusus and Nero. - But they?re your brothers. - Yes, I know. But you don't like Aunt Livilla and she's your sister. Now, I love my sisters, Uncle. Yes, I know. You know, you depress me unutterably s-sometimes. Goodbye. On! Your wife, the Lady Aelia, is here. My w=w=wife? What does she w=want? - How do I know? She's not my wife. - Don't be so damned r-rude! Anyway, show her in. Claudius. I heard you were in Rome. Why didn't you come and sea me? W-what for? What for? Shouldn't a husband be seen with his wife? Well. we're not exactly a husband and w=wife. But I'll come and sea you if you like. Don't flatter yourself. It's to your advantage to be seen with me. You're not every woman's ideal husband. In fact you're not any woman's ideal husband. Did you come here j-just to tell me this? Oh, don't try and be clever with me. I came here to sea your sister, and as you were here, I thought I'd let you know I was alive and well Are you alive and well? - I t-think so. - You don't look either to me. Well. it's bean a very trying time since I got here. You know my sister-in-law's bean arrested? Agrippina, yes. That's bean coming for some time. Thank your stars you're married to me. That's brought you under my brother's protection. So what are you doing in Rome? Oh, I came up to use the P-Pollio Library. I've just finished a history of Carthage. Would you like a copy? - Are you being funny? - Ahem! Oh, Mother. Aelia has just called to sea us. Well. I really came to sea Livilla. I should have bean surprised if you'd came to sea my son. He makes no effort to sea me either. It's an arrangement that suits us both. I'm sure it does. I find life very strange today. Those who are married live apart and those who aren't live together. We should abolish marriage altogether. Well. your ideas are too advanced for me. Well. Livilla is waiting. Excuse me. What does she want with Livilla? I don't know. Perhaps Sejanus sent her to find out how Helen was. Am I to understand that man is now paying court to my granddaughter? He's had meetings with her. He's not seeing Livilla. What is wrong with Helen? The doctors don't know. Well. perhaps it's just one of those women's complaints. Don't be so ridiculous. What do you know of women's complaints? The girl's bean in bed for a weak! I want you to give him this. No one must sea it, and tell him to destroy it when he's read it. How is Helen? Is she improving? What is wrong with her? He's very anxious about her. He'd do better to be anxious about me. My dear, his feelings for you are unchanged, you must know that. His marriage to Helen is one of convenience. But he promised to marry me. Do you think I'm going to watch him marry my daughter? - But if Tiberius... - Oh, Tiberius! Tiberius! Tiberius won't live for aver! Your brother belongs to me! Tell him not to forget that! He hasn't forgotten it. He loves you. He manages well enough without seeing me. Men are different. It's driving me to despair! I can't bear this separation. But it's only for a little while. And for appearances' sake. Ah, Atticus, how's it coming? Ah, my dear sir, so well So well! We've already completed twelve copies. It's going to be a wonderful edition. Look at this lettering. - Have you aver seen the like? - It's very good. I don't like this decoration. It's too ornate. This decoration is fashionable. And for a history of Carthage, what could be more apt than elephants? I didn't ask for elephants. Yes, I know you didn't ask for elephants, but knowing your good taste, I thought you'd agree. Well. I don't! This is a serious work. Just because I mention elephants, why do we have to sea them? - It's a motif. - It's a d-damned s-silly motif! I mention Hannibal's mistresses. I suppose you've drawn concubines all over it too! - If you don't like elephants... - No, I don't. Very well No more elephants. Elephants are out. Our esteemed client disapproves of elephants, even your elephants, which, I may say, are exquisitely drawn. But if a client does not like elephants, we shall force no elephants upon him. You will re-work the entire edition. The copies won't be ready in time. Well. I need one copy today. Very well I'll take one with elephants. - Are you quite sure? - I'm quite sure! Just g-get it! Ah, my dear Asinius Gallus, what a pleasure to sea you. One History of Carthage with elephants. Your work is on time. Copies will be ready in seven days. Good. Claudius, what's this about a History of Carthage? I'm having one copied. Without elephants. I'll send you a copy. Did you read my essay on Pollio and Cicero? Yes. I didn't quite agree with it. Ah. Well. walk with me to the Senate and tell me why not. - Goodbye, Atticus. - Goodbye. You will erase all trace of elephants, leaving only the bar text. What a feast for his readers! Gallus, I heard P-Pollio speak many times. He was a great orator, but no comparison with Cicero. Cicero's speeches were pompous and he thought far too much of himself. They must have sounded worse than they read. Asinius Gallus? Lucius Asinius Gallus. I've a warrant signed by the Emperor for your arrest. My arrest? On what grounds? Inciting enmity between the Emperor and the commander of his guard. - Is this a joke? - No joke. Better hurry with your history, Claudius. There'll soon be no one left to read it. - Sign it. - What is it? - A confession. - To what? Your conspiracy with Drusus to subvert the armies of the Rhine. - Huh! - Sign it. You wrote it, you sign it. Sign it. You will before we've finished with you. I'll sign nothing for you to produce after I'm dead. Bring me to trial or murder me. I have no need of a trial to prove your guilt. A song sung by every small-town corrupt policeman, which is what you are and what you should have stayed. I've watched your career with fascination. It's bean a revelation to me. I never fully realised before how a small mind, allied to unlimited ambition, and without scruple can destroy a country full of clever men. I've seen how frail a civilisation is before the onslaught of a gust of really bad breath! Yes. But I suppose you're not really the destroyer. We must look elsewhere for that. You're merely the putrefaction that spreads after death - the outward and visible sign of its presence. You're a lesson in history to me, Sejanus. Proving that above all.. mankind...needs...its sense...of...smell Bring him round and we'll start again. They?ve arrested Asinius Gallus on the steps of the Senate. - Read this. - I was there. - Read it! - Why? What is it? What are they? I don't understand. It's Livilla's writing. Read them! What...? They poisoned Castor. Both of them. Apicata was right. With his help, my daughter murdered her husband. She reminds him of it there! Now she urges him to waste no more time but assassinate Tiberius. It'll be easy, she says, every Guard owes allegiance to him. - B-but what are these? - Isn't it obvious? Drafts of the letter she wrote him. I sea how difficult it would be to write. How she crawls and grovels to him! But how did y-you find them? A slave was clearing out her room - taking it all to the furnace. Perfectly good paper, most of it, hardly written on. Oh, I thank the gods for my habits of thrift. Oh, he's wicked, but she's worse. She is monstrous, monstrous! And I gave her birth. - She's poisoning Helen. - Oh, Mother! She's poisoning her, I tell you. Slowly, bit by bit, she is poisoning her. She's obsessed. She will stop at nothing to get him. Oh, Mother. What shall we do? Tiberius must be told. D-do you want people to know that your own daughter...? And nobody seas Tiberius or writes to him except through Sejanus. What's that thing you're writing? Thing? You mean my History of Carthage? - Yes. Is it finished? - Yes. I was having it copied. I just brought one copy home. W-would you like to read it? No. I'll tell you what you must do. You must go to Sejanus and ask permission to visit Tiberius. Tell him you want to ask Tiberius' consent to dedicate the work to him. Sejanus has nothing but contempt for you. He'll suspect nothing. Thank you. Those papers must be pasted in a scroll with a letter of mine, and you will tell Tiberius to open that one first. I suppose I could, but I didn't want to give him this copy. It's got elephants drawn all over it. You are the biggest fool any mother aver had. Nobody will read your stupid history, and certainly not Tiberius! The only way you'd get him to read it is if you drew naked women on it! What? Uncle Claudius! - Why...? - Sshh! Get out! You know what's in this scroll? Your mother's a very noble woman. What's happened? Your uncle has brought me evidence that my son was poisoned by his wife. Aunt Livilla? I always knew that woman was no good. She poisoned him with the help of Sejanus. And now they plot to assassinate me. People really are despicable. The point is HOW to arrest him. He controls the Guard. Four thousand of them. All loyal to him... not to me. His loyal servants, not mine. Castor warned me. I wouldn't listen to him. Well. is there n-n-no one among them you can trust? No m-man of integrity? Not that I know of. Isn't that a terrible comment on our times, Uncle? On the other hand, if you can't find a man of integrity, I always say look for a man of ambition. Find a dog who'll eat a dog. Do you know of such a person? Yes, I do. Sertorius Macro, Sejanus' second-in-command. - He's very popular with the troops. - He arrested G-Gallus. Isn't he loyal to Sejanus? Yes, of course, but he can't move up while Sejanus is there, can he? And he is very ambitious. Do you know him personally? No, but I've slept with his wife several times. Is deception with the wife regarded as an introduction to the husband?! Oh, he knows about that. I told you. He's ambitious. I shall make you my successor, Gaius Caligula! I've decided. You shall stay here with me. Rome deserves you. I will nurse you like a viper in her bosom. - Is that a joke, Uncle? - Not yet, but it will be. Sejanus must be put off his guard. He must suspect nothing. I know. I'll tell him I'm going to Rome, and ask him to meat me on the Senate steps where he will hear something surprising. What about his friends? He has a lot of friends. You and I will draw up a list during dinner. A long list. The city will be purged... as surely as if she had gorged herself on figs for a year. I will open Rome's bowels! The streets will run like a sewer! - Hail. Sejanus. - Macro, why are you here? The Emperor sent me with a message for the Senate. - Where is the Emperor? - Waiting outside the city. Why did he not send for me? He could hardly ask you to deliver this. I believe it requests that you be made Protector of the City. Doesn't that mean his successor? Then you had better deliver it. I'll sea that you get my command. Why has Father gone inside? Why doesn't he wait for the Emperor? Because he's obviously not coming. He never comes. What a shame. We may as well go home, then. Captain of the Guard! - You recognise this seal? - The Emperor's. Read it. Sir! Return to the barrack. All company commanders are to remain in camp. Sir! Guard! Forward! Change! Forward! "From Emperor Tiberius to the Senate of Rome, greetings. "This is to bring to your attention "a man who has long bean my main support in the government of Rome. "I refer to Lucius Aelius Sejanus, Commander of my Guard. (MURMURING) "Though not of senatorial rank, honours have bean showered on him "as a reward for the trust I have placed in him. "Senators, what blow is harder to bear than a trust betrayed? "Incontrovertible proof has bean found "of a conspiracy to assassinate your Emperor and take over the state. "That conspiracy has bean led by none other "than the man in whom I put all my trust - Lucius Aelius Sejanus. "Such is the advanced state of this plot to seize power "that I, your Emperor, am marooned outside the city "and dare not enter without certain assurances..." What's happening? Sejanus has fallen. He's to be arrested. Let me pass. "To safeguard yourselves and your Emperor, "the Senate and the people of Rome, "I demand the arrest of Lucius Aelius Sejanus "and all those connected with him. "Signed Tiberius Claudius Nero Drusus Caesar." I ask the question, shall the Senate follow the Emperor's advice? (ALL) Aye! (FEET STAMPING) (CROWD SHOUT ANGRILY) Guard! Forward! (GIRL SCREAMS) You're hurting me! Father! Father! I can't do it. I can't just kill them. They?re under age. They?re on the list. Get on with it. The girl is a virgin. It's unprecedented to kill a virgin! It will bring bad luck to the city. Make sure she's not a virgin before you kill her. Get on with it! Macro, what have they done with the children? They?ve gone on ahead of you, my friend. Like a good many others. Take him. Mother! Let me out! Let me out! Let me out! (BANGING AND SCREAMING CONTINUES) Let me out! What are you doing? What are you going to d-do with her? Let her out! How long are you going to leave her in there? - Until she dies. - Dies...? Dies? Are you mad? She's your daughter. How can you leave her to die? That's her punishment. How can bear to sit and listen to her? And that's mine. Leave me, Claudius. I shan't move from here until they open that door and find her dead. Leave me. Oh, no... No... No! (DISTANT CROWD SHOUTING) Claudius! Claudius! Claudius! Claudius! Claudius, help me. They?re killing everyone! Everyone. Everyone who was a friend or a relative. Claudius, don't let them take me! Save me, Claudius! Save me! I'll do anything. Anything, Claudius. Let me hide here. Let me hide. I'm your wife! You must protect me! Executions are taking place all over the city. The Senate steps are strewn with bodies. They?ve killed his children! His children? They raped the girl before they killed her. They dressed the boy in his manly gown. Apicata killed herself when she saw what they did to the bodies! Rome, you are finished! Finished! You are despicable! Despicable! Claudius, please, Claudius. Save me... Oh, get out of my life! - No, Claudius! - No, no! Go away! I never want to sea you again! My alliance by marriage with Sejanus? family might have cost me my life had I not been my mother's son. I was now allowed to divorce Aelia and to return an eighth part of her dowry. As a matter of fact, I returned it all She must have thought me a fool. Vtg 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 