I, Claudius: Season 1, Episode 6 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 I, Claudius 
 s1e6 - Some Justice - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 I, Claudius (1976): Season 1, Episode 6 - Some Justice - full transcript 
 Tiberius, aided by Sejanus, is proving to be a harsh ruler with only Germannicus able to keep him under control. However, whilst he is in Syria Germannicus is mysteriously poisoned. His widow Agrippina is able to rally public support due to his popularity and accuses Piso, the governor of Syria, of being the slayer Despite claiming an alibi Piso and his wife Plancina are brought before the senate to stand trial, with Martina, a star witness, being kept under wraps. In fact Martina was the poisoner, encouraged by Germannicus's son, young Caligula, whose insolence and taste for incest with his sister are already giving his elders cause for concern. Piso claims to have scrolls incriminating Livia and Tiberius in the murder but Plancina, in an effort to save herself, stabs her husband to death and passes it off as remorseful suicide. Thus the case is closed. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 edit and corrections by moviesbyrizzo (incl re-sync for HD) (HE BELCHES) Shouldn't eat so much at night. (HE BELCHES) Mushrooms. Yes. I'm working too hard. Yes. Too much work. I must get it all done though. I must finish. Now, where was I? Augustus died, yes. Uncle Tiberius took his place. But he didn't want it. Not then. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Waited too long. Yes. Strange man. Filthy brute. All power corrupts. Only one man kept him in chock - Germanicus, my brother. My dear brother Germanicus. Tiberius sent him to Syria to take command and then... (AGONISED SCREAM) Let his body be laid in the marketplace at Antioch so that the people may see the marks of poison and witchery on his body. Let word be sent to Rome. Germanicus is dead. Germanicus is dead. Oh, nothing now stands between Rome and her Imperial destiny. (MOURNFUL TRUMPETING) 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Thus, my children... does your father come home to you. Ashes in an urn. Look at him! Remember him! Remember all your days how your father returned to you. (CROWD MURMURS) Take it, Castor! Carry it to Rome. And by the love you had for my husband, defend his children and avenge his death! My babies! My babies! What have they done to you? And Claudius, dear Claudius - you, I know, loved him. He was dearer to me than anyone. Nobody had such a brother. Where is the Emperor? Where is Livia? Too stricken with grief to appear in public. - And your mother? - The same. Oh, is their grief greater than ours, then? Along the way, in every town and village, the people flooded to pay their respect as we passed. The air was filled with cries and lamentations. Look at the faces of these people. It's as if they?ve lost a son or a father of their own. Yet the man he called father and the woman who was his grandmother do not come out to great us! I ask again, is their grief greater than ours?! (ALL CRY) No! No! Put the ashes on the hearse and let us journey on to Rome. (LOW ROAR OF A CROWD) There must be a hundred thousand people out there. Mars Field is ablaze with torches. The funeral will be over soon. The crowds will disperse. Why did they admire him so? People always have the Emperor to blame. My husband was Emperor for 40 years and he was admired by everyone. Ah, well. I wasn't referring to gods. The troops would have made Germanicus Emperor, if he'd agreed. Germanicus didn't believe in emperors. He'd have done better if he had There's a lot of bad feeling and it's all directed at me! What do they want from me? They always preferred him to me. Why? You just don't have a lovable nature. Even your own son doesn't care for you much. - I'm loved by many people. - You're loved, but not well loved. - And you are, I suppose? - Unlike you, I don't care. He's profoundly loved, but also profoundly dead. There's no harm in loving the dead. Everybody's loved when he's dead. - I wouldn't count on that. - What do you want, Mother? I'm told that your son Castor and Agrippina intend to prosecute Piso and Plancina for treason and murder. - They have no proof. - They could tell a pretty tale. A pretty tale isn't proof. A different story from the one you've bean telling for five years. You've buried many men with your pretty tales. Where is he now? My last report said he was on his way to Rome. I won't have him tried. Better to have him tried than to live under a cloud. - That won't trouble Piso. - I was thinking of you. Has it aver occurred to you that it's you they hate and not me? There is nothing in this world that occurs to you that has not occurred to me first. That is the affliction I live with. I can't believe it. Dearly as I loved my son, I can't believe what you're saying. Piso, yes, we all know his record. But Tiberius? Then why did he appoint Piso Governor of Syria? There were others he could have chosen. It wasn't a good choice, I grant you, but I can't believe that an Emperor of Rome would stoop to such methods. Those are his methods. He doesn't need to stoop. I'm sorry, Castor. I know he's your father. Say it. You can say nothing against my father that I've not said myself. It's not for us to accuse the Emperor. We have no proof. Proof! The people won't need proof. The people know. They?re not fools. I've told the prosecutor to prepare charges against Piso and Plancina. - On what gr-grounds? - Treason and murder. - Is there really proof of murder? - And of witchery. Is it possible? Barbarian Jew that I am, I find it incredible that sophisticated people believe in witchery. Oh, scoff all you like, Herod, but judge for yourself. On our return to Syria from Egypt, Germanicus fell ill and suspected that Plancina had bribed her way into our kitchens - and had his food poisoned. - But why? Because Germanicus had dismissed her husband, Piso. So I prepared all his food myself, but he was able to eat very little. He complained that there was a smell of death in the house, and began to believe that Plancina was using witchcraft against him. He made a propitiating sacrifice of nine black puppies to Hecate... ..which was the proper thing to do when being victimised. And the very next day, a slave who was washing the floor noticed a loose tile. Lifting it up, he saw beneath it the naked and decaying corpse of a baby, its belly painted red with horns tied to its forehead. We seerched every room and equally gruesome finds were made. The corpse of a cat with rudimentary wings growing in its back. The head of a negro with a child's white hand stuck in its mouth. The skull of an ass with the word Germanicus written across it. Oh, cock's feathers smeared in blood were found among the cushions. The word Rome written upside down. And the number 17. Only I knew that the number 17 upset him dreadfully. (HEROD) Plancina must have had accomplices. There could not have bean. The woman dabbles in witchcraft! (CLAUDIUS) Go on, Pina. One of the things that upset him most was the appearance of his name, each day shortened by a letter. It would appear quite suddenly without explanation in rooms to which the servants had no access and where the windows were too small for a man to climb through. He told me he was doomed. I told him not as long as he had the green jasper charm of Hecate. It was under his pillow and that comforted him. He knew as long as he had that, nothing could happen to him. That night, while he was asleep, he felt a tiny movement under his pillow. He turned on his side and fumbled for the charm. It was gone. Tell me, Herod, how did it disappear? Nobody but myself was allowed in that room. Who could have taken it? Who? Caligula, darling, what are you doing out of bed? - I've had a bad dream, Mother. - Oh, my poor baby. Come here. - What did you dream? - Horrid dream. I dreamt there were bats sitting along the shelf in my room. Then they flew down and sat on me until I was all covered with them - and no one could see me any more. - Poor baby. - You shouldn't eat before bed. - Mother, he's bean through so much! He stuffs himself with things. Perhaps he'd like to sleep with Drusillus? He'd be company for him. Would you like to sleep with your cousin? - I'd rather sleep with Drusilla. - Drusilla? Your sister? At your age? What is the world coming to? - He doesn't mean it. - He's been too long in the East. Syria is no place to bring up a Roman child. - I don't like it here. - You'll have to get used to it. What was so wonderful about the East? Herod Agrippa is talking to you, child! It was full of strange and mysterious people and things. The Syrians made a great fuss of him, I'm afraid. He wandered all over Antioch with the house slaves. Too much freedom. I don't think so. His father was very strict. Would you like to sleep in your cousin's room as Claudius suggests? - I'll go to my own room. - I'll take him. Say goodnight. Goodnight. He's very overwrought. Now, what about the t-t-trial? Do you think you can prove a charge of poisoning? We have a witness - Martina. She's a notorious poisoner and was seen often with Plancina. - Where is she? - On her way to R-Rome. She's being kept hidden in different places. We must find a place for her here. Sejanus' agents are looking for her. I know a place. A house of a merchant friend of mine. Good. I've applied for permission to prosecute in the courts. Oh, I think that's n-not a good idea. Better in the courts than in the Senate by my father. He can f-fix the courts behind the scenes. If he's tried in the Senate by him, T-T-Tiberius will be on trial too. Clever, Clau-Clau! He's right. You'll be better off in the Senate. We'll move for a trial in the Senate. In the Senate? What's wrong with the courts? I tried for the courts, but my son and his friends pressed for the Senate. I had no grounds to oppose them. Well.. If it's the Senate, it's the Senate. Why should I be concerned? I'm no stranger to the Senate. If my enemies have friends there, so have I. They?ll find that out. - And you will be hearing the case? - Of course. Well, then, what better guarantee of justice have we? And justice is all Plancina and I came home for. We've done nothing to be ashamed of - except that it makes me ashamed to have to say so. That was very well put. I couldn't have put that better. But that shame will be theirs in the end. Certain people will come to rue the day they accused Gnaeus Calpurnius Piso and his wife of murder! They?re arraigning you for treason as well Treason? Oh, it's treason now, is it? What will they think of next? That I caused a plague of moths? Or it is I who am polluting the Tiber? There was a drought in Syria when I left, perhaps I caused that? I should prepare your defence well I shall That will take me no time. But treason! Where is the treason? I mean, I had certain disagreements with Germanicus, but I wasn't his house boy. They were very cold to us, you know - Germanicus and Agrippina. From the start, they snubbed us. Naturally. They knew why I was there. I had not been made Governor of Syria to follow like a small dog. I was there as watch dog for my Emperor, and they knew it. Oh, the insults we bore at their hands! (PLANCINA) Members of his own command were ashamed. At official banquets, we were seeted on the third couch, and Agrippina gave herself such airs, she might have been queen! And they accuse me of treason. Oh, don't talk to me of treason. Not to me. What has my whole life been but one of service to Rome and my Emperor? My sons, too. Let the jackals howl. I have nothing to fear. My head is held high. I'm ashamed of nothing... (KNOCKING) I gave orders not to be disturbed! My lord, the Commander of the Guard has an urgent report to make. Wait here. He says very little. He neither agrees nor disagrees. - He already plays the judge. - The judge? How? He listens, but not with sympathy. That's just his way. He's a very cold fish. It's not what I expected. Each one written in his own handwriting. Quote: "I have the utmost faith in you." Quote: "Any steps taken to chock disloyalty "will be looked on kindly by the Senate." What did he expect me to make of such phrases? I'm not a fool - They are his tacit agreement. - But they bear his Seal No letter bearing the Imperial Seal can be read in public. I don't need it to be read in public. They will be beside me in the Senate, mute, but eloquent. They will plead our case better than Cicero. Every Senator will understand their meaning and vote the way he believes his Emperor wants him to. Who is the woman, Martina? Martina. The widow of the Roman who settled in Antioch. We knew her slightly. Did you know she was notorious as a poisoner? Poisoner? Has she ever been convicted of poisoning? What of her? Sejanus says she is in Rome to be a witness. Where is she? His agents haven't found her yet. Do you have anything to fear from her? Not if she speaks the truth. But if she's held incommunicado, who knows what they might persuade her to say? Well, let's hope we find her first. I loved this room. It was my life. But you won't mind letting it to us? - Who can afford to maintain an empty room, but you've got to pay in advance. - My friend will pay. - Are you taking the room? - Y-yes. You'll like it. It's got a very fine view of the river. If you stand on the box, you'll see. It's n-n-not for me. It's f-for my mother. Oh! Well... it's not very comfortable. What about those soldiers? I'm not letting a barracks! No questions, Gershon. She's being locked up. Locked up?! What kind of a son are you? "Honour thy father and mother!" - Do you want us to look elsewhere? - Of course! What do you think I run here? A jail? Is t-t-that enough? If I'd approved of what you are doing that would have been enough but since you're offending against Mosaic law... It's Roman law here, Gershon. It's Roman law everywhere. That's the trouble. But one day... With that kind of son, you've got to be lucky with your daughters. Like everyone else, I grieve for Germanicus. But apart from the charge of murder, we must consider the question of treason. Did Gnaeus Calpurnius Piso incite his troops to mutiny and rebellion? Did he bribe them to support him? Did he make war to regain his province? The case against Gnaeus Calpurnius Piso may now be heard. If it please the Emperor, my father, I have been asked to open the case against the accused. In the matter of murder, we shall be bringing before the House clear evidence of poisoning. In the matter of treason, we shall show that after Germanicus' death, Gnaeus Calpurnius Piso raised the troops in a rebellion against the new governor of that province. Let go of me, you horrible German woman! - What's this? - I hate you! - What's the matter? - He is disgusting! - What has he done? - Oh! - What has he done? - That child is a monster! I'm not! You horrid German! I'll burn your house down! Stop it! Stop it! Come here! Now, what is all this G-German? It's German if he doesn't like it. - What has he done? - He knows! I didn't do anything! I didn't! Honestly, Uncle Claudius. I didn't do anything. It was a game. I found him in Drusilla's bed. Naked, the pair of them! They?re revolting. I've locked her in her room! - Mother... - You're a blockhead to believe him! - Where are you taking him? - The cellar. Please don't let her take me. I'm afraid of the cellar. You leave him with me. I'll t-t-talk to him. He needs a good whipping, not a talking to! Claudius, you're such a fool! I've no patience with you. It should have been you who died, not Germanicus! What use are you? Now, don't you know that you sh-shouldn't play games like that with your sister? Eh? Don't you know how w=wicked it is? - Why? - Why? - B-because it is. - Why? Don't answer me back or I'll clout you round the head! Now, you listen to me. Now, a sister is a sister and she's not to be p-p-played with - ever, do you understand? You can't p-p-play with her and you can't m-marry her. - But she wanted to... - I don't care what she wanted! You're disgusting, the pair of you. I shall talk to Dr-Drusilla later. - What's the matter? - Martina's disappeared. - What? ! - We went to fetch her. She was gone. The guard outside had been overpowered. - Oh, Sejanus? - Who else? That man's spies are everywhere! Thick as flies in summer! We've lost our chief witness, then? That won't save the pair of them. What's he doing here? He's been v-very naughty. Mother was going to thrash him. Can't people leave him alone? Hasn't he been through enough? When I heard of the death of Germanicus, I was on the island of Cos. In fact on my way back to Rome to report my dismissal to the Emperor. Yes, and complain about it. I make no bones about that. Now, my accusers say that I entered temples and made sacrifices in an orgy of celebration. (SHOUTING) So you did! One ewe and a goat! What orgy. And why? To celebrate the birth of a grandson. To celebrate the death of Germanicus! The living have rights! You would have done the same. Why did you return to Syria? Why didn't you go to Rome? I was still Governor of Syria. (ANGRY SHOUTING) We have the written instructions of Germanicus, ordering you to leave the province. Surtius was Governor of Syria. Illegally! That governorship was mine! The man who had unfairly removed me was dead. I had my appointment. I had my instructions. I knew where my loyalties lay. - Read them out! - Read the letters! I have no need to read them! My defence will stand on its own merit. (ANGRY SHOUTING) I said I have no need to read... Unless order is maintained in the House, I shall adjourn! If Gnaeus Calpurnius Piso's argument is to rely upon instructions, this House has the right to know what's in them. (SHOUTS OF AGREEMENT) These letters bear the Imperial Seal No one has the right to read them. The Emperor may consent to having them read. - They have no bearing on the case. - Why produce them? They?re not evidence. They are here among my papers. (SHOUTING AGAIN) If it please the Emperor, I move that any instructions received by the accused from Rome be entered as evidence of his guilt or innocence. I second that motion. Those letters bear the Imperial Seal The Seal of the god Augustus himself. There is no precedence for making their contents public. I will not create such a precedent. The motion is denied. (ANGRY SHOUTING) They got more than they bargained for! They thought they had a rabbit in the Senate, but they had a tiger. Eh, Plancina? Oh, leave us, my friends. Plancina's tired. A good night's rest and a little peace and quiet will work miracles. Our enterprise will prosper again tomorrow. Goodnight, my friends. What's the matter, Plancina? I don't like it. It didn't go the way it should. I thought it went very well - Using those letters was a mistake. - What do you mean "mistake"? You saw his face. He'll never forgive you. We were carrying out his orders. He won't thank you for reminding him of it. I don't want his thanks, as long as he remembers. He'll never forgive you, never. I'm not asking him for forgiveness. He should be asking for mine. That trial should never have taken place. Then why has he allowed it? ! He had to give them a show. Germanicus has powerful friends. He can't just thumb his nose at them. So he gives them a trial A trial is one thing, a conviction is another. That he would never allow! Because if we're guilty, so is he and so is his mother. He knows that and the Senate does. We did what we were asked - provoke Germanicus into showing his hand. Did that include bringing about his death as well? Yes. Well, that was your idea. - My idea? - Yes. Oh! What does it matter? It turned out to be an additional bonus for them. They?re not complaining. What do you mean, it was my idea? Well, wasn't it was you that came to me and said it "could it be managed?". Well, that's wonderful! - I'm to blame then, am I? - Of course not. I can see the way your mind is working. I'm going to be sacrificed. - What are you on about? - I'm going to be sacrificed at the temple! - Well, I won't be! I won't be! - Stop it! - Yes, what is it? - Lucius Aelius Sejanus is here. - Show him in. - What does he want? How would I know? For heaven's sake, control yourself. I don't want him to see you looking like this. I came to tell you, sir, that I've had guards placed all around the house. Why? I have guards of my own. Yes, of course. But the crowd is very large and seems in an ugly mood. What's their mood to me? I go where I please in Rome. Nobody stops me. The Emperor requested it... for your safety. Well, I mean, if it's for our safety, we're very pleased, eh, Plancina? I understand their chief witness against me has disappeared. So it seems. Perhaps they never had one in the first place Oh, I think they had one, but, unaccountably, she's disappeared. Oh, by the way, the Emperor asked me to ask you for the letters. The letters? Since they are documents of State, they should be placed in the archives. After all. they might get stolen or fall into the wrong hands. As a matter of fact I was just about to send them around. We were just talking about it... eh, Plancina? Here they are. Give them to the Emperor. Tell him I will never forget the things he wrote. - I treasure in my mind every word. - Thank you. The Imperial Guard will escort you to the Senate tomorrow. You needn't worry about the crowds. Tell the Emperor I am grateful Tell him I'm always of service. Tell him Calpurnius Piso is his humble servant and always will be! You'll have to sacrifice them. The mob will not have them acquitted. They?re dragging Piso's statues to the Tiber and smashing them. Its as though they already have the meat hooks under his chin. What are they saying about me? That Piso and his wife had your approval for everything they did If you let them go, they?ll be convinced of it. But, above all, they praise Agrippina. The glory of her country, they call her, the only true descendant of Augustus. Did he give you the letters without complaint? He expects you to save him, but you must not. I have come to tell you, Tiberius, that I and all of Rome, hold you responsible for my husband's death and will do so ultill you prove your innocence. We know too that you've taken our witness, but it will avail you nothing. Emperor you may be, but justice is emperor over all The fact you are not queen my dear- is that the greatest injustice of all? Vengeance, Tiberius! The people are crying for it on every corner. Rome will not rest until you give it to them. And neither shall I. - Where is the woman, Martina? - We don't know. Then find her. Am I to be blamed for everything? How will you get a conviction if you don't find her? Find her! What other poisons do you use? Have you tried aconite? Aconite? What's that? Well, the roots look very like horseradish, but it'll do more than clear your head. Oh, yes, bless you, Lady. I know the one you mean. You mean wolf's bane. That's what we call it. It came from India. Really? I never knew that. I bet you didn't know its antidote. Morphine? You have made a study of it. I don't worry too much about antidotes. Well, you never know. Some fool of a slave might get the bowls mixed up. I can see you've read a lot. It's a pity you don't get a chance to practise. You'd be very good. Thank you. Tell me, what did you use on my grandson, Germanicus? Ah, belladonna. Ah, that accounts for the red rash. It always leaves that mark. I didn't want it, but Plancina insisted. I warned her, but she'd been told by know-it-alls how tasteless it was. You know what people are like. Amateurs. But you used witchcraft as well Oh, I wouldn't say that. All I did was arrange some apparitions. Your grandson was more superstitious than any man living. I frightened him to death. If a man believes he's going to die, he'll die a lot quicker. How did you gain access to that house? You remember when Germanicus went to Egypt, he took Agrippina, but he left Caligula behind as a punishment. - What for? - He was never out of mischief. He hated his father. They fought like cat and dog. He told me how superstitious his father was. Well, they left him in the care of a tutor - a Greek, whom I knew. He took the child for walks in the city, and he brought him to see me. Oh, that child's a strange one. He told me once he was born a god, and such was the conviction with which he said it, I believed him, and I said I did. It was then I suggested that he played the death game. I said, "A god should be able to frighten a man to death." And he shouted, "Tell me how and I'll show you." So I told him. Are you telling me that that child poisoned his own father? - Shocking, isn't it? - He's not a god, he's a monster. You try telling him. - What's the matter? - I don't know... I've got a pain. Oh, come, it's wind. That's all I have it all the time. If I wanted to dispose of you, do you think I'd do it myself? What...? What's going to happen to me? I don't know. I'll do the best I can for you. It's lucky for you that my agents found you before my son's did. You wouldn't be sitting here complaining about wind. The trial of Gnaeus Calpurnius Piso and his wife Plancina is resumed. We understand that the principal witness in the charge of poisoning has not been found. In her absence, the prosecution have no case, and we request that the charge be withdrawn. (ROWDY OUTCRY) Request denied. (CHEERING) If it please the Emperor, the wife of Gnaeus Calpurnius Piso has asked that her defence be conducted separately from her husband's, and that she be tried independently from him. Why...?! Why did you do this to me? Don't you see what they think? Do you want me to die?! They?ve made up their minds. There's nothing you nor I can say will change them. The Emperor has abandoned you. He's given you up to the mob. There's nothing on earth can save you now. What about you? I'll go to Livia. She, at least, stands by her friends. Oh, Piso, listen to me. There's the honour and wealth of our family to be saved. Our sons, our daughters, our grandchildren - what of them? If... If you would take your life now... If you take your life, there's a chance... a good one, that an honourable death will preserve the family wealth. Execution means only one thing - destruction for all we've built. Fall on a sword? Is that what you want for me, your husband? Is that to be the end for Gnaeus Calpurnius Piso? No. There is another way. You go to Livia, yes! Tell her I have another letter. She'll remember the one she wrote. It's in her name and his, but it bears no seal Tell her no power on earth will prevent me reading it aloud tomorrow unless I have assurances of acquittal You're bluffing. No. Tell her. She'll remember. Tell her I intend to read it aloud in the Senate tomorrow. Don't look at me as if I'd told you I was pregnant! He's got a letter, and it's very incriminating. He'll read it unless we do something about it. You wrote a letter in my name and yours without even using the Seal? You were away, and anyway you don't let me use the Seal Who's Emperor here, you or I? I used Augustus' Seal I had the free use of that. I am not Augustus! No, you're not. Otherwise this situation would never have arisen. I think I shall go mad. You will drive me insane! Will you stay out of my affairs?! Your affairs? You wouldn't be Emperor if it weren't for me. What's done can be undone. Plancina isn't the only one with letters. I've got plenty from Augustus saying what he thought about you, and don't think I won't have them circulated. What do you want? I don't want that letter read in the Senate. You'd be a fool if you allowed it. You want my assurances that they?ll be acquitted? Of course I do. They should be acquitted. If you had any backbone, you'd do it. I'll tell you what I'm going to do. It's your letter, you stick to it... and if it's read in the House, I'll deny all knowledge of it and excuse you on the grounds of mental incompetence brought on by extreme old age. And you can tell your friend Plancina that there will be no deal! What a spineless, miserable, mean-spirited creature you are! He won't have it. He won't acquit your husband. There is too much feeling against him. And what about me? Well, I was a little more successful there. In exchange for the letter, he will allow your husband to take his own life rather than face execution. Then he will see to it that you are spared and that your family and your estates do not suffer. And if my husband refuses? I would see to it that he doesn't refuse if I were you. It shouldn't be hard. Appeal to his honour. Men find that irresistible. But what guarantee do I have that your son will get me acquitted? Well, you see, I have Martina. But he doesn't know that. Now, his chances of convicting you without her are remote. On the other hand... if that letter is read, I shall be compelled - very reluctantly... to produce her. He won't help us. He has abandoned us. Oh, that miserable cur! I shall read this. The Senate will see what sort of Emperor they have and what sort of bitch calls herself "Mother of the nation"! No, wait. Piso, listen. We can't fight them. They?re too powerful And, anyway, there's the children and the estates. Is the whole family to be destroyed because of us? Oh, I can't believe it. It's not right. I won't allow it. We've lived together... we'll die together too. There's comfort in that, isn't there? You would...die with me? Well, I couldn't live without you. We'll leave the letter for Livia. She'll help the family when we've gone. I know that. Yes, you're right. I'm tired of it all To have everybody against you when all you've done is your duty. There's no gratitude any more. No... No honour. To hell with Rome, I've done with it. How shall we do it? Open a vein? Let them find us lying together? Shall we let them find us lying together? No, they?re bluffing. They wouldn't dare have that letter read! Would you rather have an executioner's sword? It'll never come to that! Oh, you coward! - Well, I'm made of sterner stuff. - Plancina. I'll show you how a Roman should die. Plancina, they?re bluffing. They?ll never have that letter read... Yes. Piso is dead, but Plancina goes free. And you call that justice? Well, it's s-s-some justice, I suppose. Better than none. - Oh, yes. Some justice! - Pina, can't we let it rest? I have sons to think about. Their father is dead because Tiberius hated him. Let's not deceive ourselves. If he hated their father, will he love them? I worry about my boys - Nero, Drusus, and dear little Caligula asleep in his bed. What's to become of them? It's Sejanus. My father listens to him and Sejanus plays on his fears. Can anyone smell burning? I can smell s-s-something. Mistress! Mistress! Caligula's set fire to the house! It's burning. The whole top floor is ablaze! Run! edit and corrections by moviesbyrizzo (incl re-sync for HD) 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 