Reply 1988: Season 1, Episode 1 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Reply 1988 
 s1e1 - Hand in Hand - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Reply 1988 (2015–2016): Season 1, Episode 1 - Hand in Hand - full transcript 
 A group of teenagers come of age in 1988. As the Seoul Olympic games approach, there's a growing gap between what they share with their parents and each other. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 The year is 1988. The world was cold, but our hearts were fiery and we didn't have much, but people's hearts were warm. Of course, if you were to compare it to how things are now it was clearly the "Age of Analog," no different to us from the Stone Age. Even so, we were living cutting edge 18 year-old lives. We were the first ones in history to wear slip-on sneakers, decked in top to bottom with denim, while listening to Shin Hae Chul's songs on our Walkmans. Guys were crazy about Jaime Sommers, Joey Wong ♫Even in moments when we're living our hectic life♫ Sophie Marceau, and Teacher Jimena. ♫Even in moments when we're living our hectic life♫ ♫we're both left feeling so disappointed♫ 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 And us girls were crazy about Remington Steele ♫we're both left feeling so disappointed♫ Tom Cruise, Richard Gere and the New Kids on the Block. ♫we're both left feeling so disappointed♫ and Tom Cruise and Richard Gere and the New Kids on the Block. ♫I want use the many days I have left in my life♫ ♫I want use the many days I have left in my life♫ However, putting gender aside ♫I want use the many days I have left in my life♫ there was a movie that the youth of our generation all loved. ♫to spend them with you♫ ♫to spend them with you♫ And that was... ♫Everything that I love...♫ ♫Everything that I love...♫ [A Better Tomorrow 2] ♫Without tears and words♫ She says my daughter is so pretty, and that her eyes take after mine. =Note: Korean subs here is inaccurate= ♫Without tears and words♫ She says my daughter is so pretty, and that her eyes take after mine. =Note: Korean subs here is inaccurate= ♫I don't even want to let you know even if my heart bled♫ ♫I don't even want to let you know even if my heart bled♫ 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 You should see her yourself with your own eyes. ♫I don't even want to let you know even if my heart bled♫ ♫I don't even want to let you know even if my heart bled♫ ♫Running towards the unknown future intently♫ ♫I'll be with you to search for a good story♫ Hold her close, I want to talk to her. ♫I'll be with you to search for a good story♫ [September 1988 Seoul, Dobong-gu, Ssangmun-dong] Hold her close, I want to talk to her. ♫I'll be with you to search for a good story♫ [September 1988 Seoul, Dobong-gu, Ssangmun-dong] ♫I'll be with you to search for a good story♫\ Subs re-timed and edited by blue_angel_1004 and castingbees. ♫It's pointless to ask me about my sadness♫ Hello? Hello? Why aren't you saying anything? ♫It's pointless to ask me about my sadness♫ Hello? Hello? Why aren't you saying anything? ♫It's pointless to think about the past that is no longer here♫ ♫It's pointless to think about the past that is no longer here♫ ♫There's a time, a season that can't be♫ Then quickly come back to see her today. ♫There's a time, a season that can't be♫ Then quickly come back to see her today. ♫that you won't know even if you're in the middle of it♫ ♫that you won't know even if you're in the middle of it♫ Hello? Hello? Kit. We haven't named her yet. Kit.. help her pick a name. Sorry. This kid's name is Ryu Dong Ryong. Even though he seems nerdy, he's this block's "Counselor." Geez, you crazy bastard. Why couldn't you stuff your face later? This is Kim Jung Hwan, whose house is above ours. Also known as "Dog." He's not a human yet. Taek, the one who owns this room, is a successful Baduk player. But what's the use? When he's just an idiot here. Go get me a rag. I also saw some leftover sul-bbang in the kitchen. Get me that. And some milk, too! =Sul-bbang is bread made with rice wine= Get it yourself, you punk! It's the first time Taek's been home for a while. This is Sun Woo. He's the most normal of the kids on this block. I couldn't hear what they said! Why are you bitching at me? I don't know! It's all your fault. Um... this is... me. I had such wavy bangs that you could probably surf through them. Cropped-short hair to rival that of Tutankhamun. And a shirt that isn't quite pink, but eye-popping fuschia. That was the best back then. What did they name the baby? We didn't hear, either! It's Sung Ho-yin. - How do you know that? - I read the subtitles. Kim Jung Hwan! Dinnertime! Kim Jung Hwan! I said eat! Kim Jung Hwan! Kim Jung Hwan! ♫The cars that are shuttling through in this space♫ ♫The cars that are shuttling through in this space♫ I told you to come eat! ♫The cars that are shuttling through in this space♫ ♫The cars that are shuttling through in this space♫ ♫And the people reflected by the sunset♫ Sun Woo! Dinnertime! ♫And the people reflected by the sunset♫ ♫And the people reflected by the sunset♫ ♫The asphalt road peeks through the misty fog covered dark sky♫ Deok Sun! Come eat! ♫The asphalt road peeks through the misty fog covered dark sky♫ ♫The asphalt road peeks through the misty fog covered dark sky♫ - I'm off. - I'm off, too. ♫The asphalt road peeks through the misty fog covered dark sky♫ ♫The asphalt road peeks through the misty fog covered dark sky♫ Bye, Master Choi. ♫The asphalt road peeks through the misty fog covered dark sky♫ ♫I want to leave this dreary city♫ I should go. ♫I want to leave this dreary city♫ ♫I want to leave this dreary city♫ ♫but I'm unable to♫ Son. Let's eat dinner. ♫but I'm unable to♫ ♫but I'm unable to♫ ♫I also want to go with them as I watch the birds fly by♫ ♫I want to freely leave with them♫ ♫under the big blue sky♫ [Dirty Dancing] ♫under the big blue sky♫ [Dirty Dancing] ♫I also want to go with them as I watch the birds fly by♫ ♫I also want to go with them as I watch the birds fly by♫ [We are closed. We open at seven.] ♫I also want to go with them as I watch the birds fly by♫ [Bonghwangdang: Gold, silver, gems] ♫I also want to go with them as I watch the birds fly by♫ ♫I also want to go with them as I watch the birds fly by♫ Seoul, Dobong-gu, Ssangmundong, our block. ♫I also want to go with them as I watch the birds fly by♫ ♫I also want to go with them as I watch the birds fly by♫ I was born and raised on this block. ♫I also want to go with them as I watch the birds fly by♫ I was born and raised on this block. ♫I want to freely leave with them♫ ♫I want to freely leave with them♫ There was no internet or any smartphones back then. ♫I want to freely leave with them♫ There was no internet or any smartphones back then. ♫under the big blue sky♫ ♫under the big blue sky♫ Thinking about it now, how did we spend all that time? ♫under the big blue sky♫ Thinking about it now, how did we spend all that time? ♫Watching the birds fly by...♫ ♫Watching the birds fly by...♫ ♫Hand in hand we can, climb over the wall♫ [Episode 1: Hand in Hand] ♫Hand in hand, climb over the wall♫ [Episode 1: Hand in Hand] ♫We can make this world a better place to live ♫We can make this world a better place in which to live Deok Sun. Set the table. =88 Seoul Olympic D-9= Good, it came out well. Looks yummy. Deok Sun. This is Dad's. Hey, want to die? This is my older sister, Sung Bo Ra. She's a sophomore at Seoul University studying Math Education. She has the most influence in our household and the craziest bitch on our block. Sung Deok Sun, you did that on purpose, didn't you? Hey! Sorry. My younger brother, Sung No Eul. Despite how old he looks, he's actually 17 years old. Hey, where are you going? We're about to eat. To meet Dad on his way home. Yes? I thought you said you were eating before coming home! Okay. Hurry home. Your dad said he'll be home soon. Wait just a bit longer. Geez... [Ssangmun Gas] Yes, this is the gas place, right? Yes, we're at Bonghwangdang alley. The house with the blue gate. Yes, yes. The house that has a dog. Huh? The usual... the 10 kilogram one... Yes. Okay. Jung Hwan! Go downstairs and ask for a bowl of rice. And give them this. Okay. Hey! ♫Meeting someone new and breaking up♫ You're here, Jung Hwan? ♫Meeting someone new and breaking up♫ My mom asked me to bring you this. ♫Meeting someone new and breaking up♫ ♫Meeting someone new and breaking up♫ ♫All these things are like a child’s game♫ Wow! You guys made salad? ♫All these things are like a child’s game♫ Also, she wants to know if we can have a bowl of rice. ♫All these things are like a child’s game♫ Also, she wants to know if we can have a bowl of rice. Also, she wants to know if we can have a bowl of rice. ♫Like the sad story of small fairies♫ ♫Like the sad story of small fairies♫ Oh, sure. ♫Like the sad story of small fairies♫ ♫Like the sad story of small fairies♫ ♫Who ride clouds and fly far away in the sad fairy tales♫ I heard your father was coming home late, but I guess he's coming home early today. ♫Who ride clouds and fly far away in the sad fairy tales♫ ♫Who ride clouds and fly far away in the sad fairy tales♫ Here. There we go. ♫Who ride clouds and fly far away in the sad fairy tales♫ Here. There we go. ♫But even if we can’t fly and just cry♫ Oh yeah. Wait here. ♫But even if we can’t fly and just cry♫ Oh yeah. Wait here. ♫Love is like a beautiful dream♫ I'll give you some radish kimchi. Give it to your mother. ♫Love is like a beautiful dream♫ ♫Love is like a beautiful dream♫ ♫I can hold your pretty hands♫ - She gave you this. - Wow, looks great! ♫I can hold your pretty hands♫ - She gave you this. - Wow, looks great! ♫fly in the night sky toward the castle♫ ♫fly in the night sky toward the castle♫ Wait. ♫fly in the night sky toward the castle♫ ♫fly in the night sky toward the castle♫ ♫Because I only love you,♫ Here. ♫Because I only love you,♫ ♫Because I only love you,♫ ♫I dream a foolish dream♫ Ahjumma! ♫I dream a foolish dream♫ Ahjumma! ♫Getting lost and wandering in the land of my dreams♫ My mom wants you to have some curry. ♫Getting lost and wandering in the land of my dreams♫ ♫Getting lost and wandering in the land of my dreams♫ ♫that can’t come true♫ ♫But even if we can’t fly and just cry♫ ♫Love is like a beautiful dream♫ My mom wants you to have this. ♫Love is like a beautiful dream♫ ♫Love is like a beautiful dream♫ ♫I can hold your pretty hands,♫ ♫fly in the night sky toward the castle♫ ♫Because I only love you,♫ ♫I want to fly across the night sky♫ Ahjumma! Have some of this! ♫I want to fly across the night sky♫ ♫I want to fly across the night sky♫ ♫I want to look at you falling asleep♫ Thank you! ♫I want to look at you falling asleep♫ Thank you! ♫kiss you and fly away♫ ♫kiss you and fly away♫ Ahjumma! ♫Because I only love you,♫ ♫ I want to fly across the night sky♫ Let's eat. ♫ I want to fly across the night sky♫ ♫ I want to fly across the night sky♫ ♫I want to look at you falling asleep...♫ Gas delivery! ♫I want to look at you falling asleep...♫ ♫I want to look at you falling asleep...♫ ♫kiss you and fly away♫ ♫But even if we can’t fly and just cry♫ ♫Love is like a beautiful dream♫ ♫I can hold your pretty hands,♫ ♫fly in the night sky toward the castle♫ If they're going to be like this, why not just eat together? - Deok Sun! - Dad! Hello. - Where are you off to? - Home. - All right. Go on. - Goodbye. My daughter! What are you doing? What's that? Is that pork? Did you buy a lot? I bought a whole lot so our family could gorge ourselves to death! Today's payday, after all! Geez... let's go, our baby. Everyone must be hungry. Did someone come? Gas delivery. - Oh. - Yeah. Loving each other letting those sadness and happiness be shared together Meet at 12pm, Bravo cones Loving each other Two people meeting Bravo Cones Loving each other Gently dating Haitai's Bravo Cones Oh, dear. How is ice cream 200 won? But then again, the World Cones ice cream is 300 won. With 300 won, you could buy a pack of cigarettes. Cigarettes are 600 won nowadays. It's been a while since their prices went up. You little shit... why, I ought to... you smoke, you rascal? Huh? Rascal. Huh? Ah no! It's not me! Noona made me buy them for her! Have you gone insane? What the hell are you saying? If you smoke, you should own up to it, not throw me under the bus! I ought to kill you! You look like an idiot! You insolent punk! You smoke? Okay, I smoke. It's me, all right? I smoke! Nyah nyah, I smoke! Anyway, just wait until tonight. I'm going to beat you good. What are you doing? If you're done washing the lettuce, come here already. Here you go. Let's eat! We only have this much left after giving it out to the neighbors. If you need more, just tell me. So how much was there at the beginning? Hey this person. We're not goats, you know. What's up with this pile of grass? I was wondering where my paycheck had gone and obviously, you spent it all on vegetables, huh? Oh, please. If others heard, they'd think you were making a million won a month. When I tell people that my husband works at a bank, they think we're loaded. Who would know how I feel? Give it here. Hey. Let's eat first. Look... the vegetables are growing bigger and bigger waiting for us. Come on... give it here. Where is it? Here it is! Wow, look how thick it is! I wonder how much came in this month? Three... seven... nine... two. Look here. Put a Pepero in your mouth and head for the hills... Pepero... Bo Ra's dad! After eating yayayaya hooo Ow! Why do you have so little? Where did the 110,000 won go? Okay, okay, okay. I... bought a couple of books. You know Suk Jin, Young Chul's son. But that bastard co-signed on something and lost everything! He is trying to get by. He came to my bank... and tried to sell me some books. How can I ignore him, right? Is he the only one who went under? We did too, you know. We went under too because you co-signed on a bad loan. Who is helping out who in this situation?! Geez, you... even so, we have enough to get by. We're barely managing to scrape by! I couldn't even pay No Eul and Deok Sun's school fees yet. And what about Bo Ra's tuition next year? You're making me out to be the bad guy. I can't even buy people a cup of coffee because I'm scrimping and saving and here you are, the neighborhood do-gooder. And I'm the bad guy. Geez, you. It's fine! What do we have to worry about? We have money and we have debt! Are you seriously saying that? I mean... I'm fine, and you're healthy. And all three of our kids are healthy, too. And... they're good at studying, too. Deok Sun got 999th place in the whole school this time around. And No Eul got 1000th place! I gave birth to a bunch of idiots. Total dunces! But, um... but we have Bo Ra, our eldest! Who is she? She's a student at Seoul University, the best college in Korea! So what are you worried about? I'm not even worried this much. Get me new glasses. I said, get me new glasses. Hey, it hasn't even been a year since we got you new ones. My eyesight got worse. I can't study if I can't see anything. Since it's my birthday next week, get them for me as my birthday gift. I'm going to celebrate my birthday separately this year. I'm not celebrating with her this year. No way. Okay? I ought to take this lettuce and smack you... Your birthdays are only three days apart! Why do we need to celebrate twice? Also, it'll be hard on your mom, so... no! You're going to buy them for me, right? Right? Mom. Those glasses are good ones. They were expensive. I told you, I can't see anything! I can't see anything on the blackboard! I was clear! I'm not celebrating with her this year! Hey! Your older sister is talking. - My ass. - "My ass?" She wants to die. - Ow! Mom! Look at what this kid's doing! - This kid? - Are you crazy? - Mom! - Say that again. What? - Ow! Stop it, already! You're going to pull all her hair out! What is this nonsense! Can't we live quietly for just one day? It's my only wish! You little rascals! Man! Your father's here. Welcome home, Father. Excuse, excuse me. =This is from the "Fan Guru" skit in the 80s comedy program "Humor 1st Ave"= Excuse, excuse yourself. Look. Look. Seeing everything. Is this the Fan Guru's house? Let's eat. - Thank you for the food. - Thank you for the food. You have to go like, "Yes, yes, it is." I'm going to clear your part of the table. Honey! Treat me well while I'm here! I'm a phoenix. =From a comedy skit in the 80s TV program "Humor 1st Ave" Phoenix can also mean someone who is easily taken advantage of= You made salad today, huh? Oh! Mother, I found one person here named "Bong Yi-ah." =Sounds the same as "I'm a phoenix" in korean= Wow... how interesting. [Kim Jung Bong] [24 years old, attempting to get into college for the sixth time.] [Is interested in everything except studying.] But... how did Deok Seon get chosen as a picket girl? Do you take an exam for that? She can't even study, so how did she get the position? She just got it somehow. Oh! Sun Woo's mother made this, right? It's so hard to make curry taste bad. How did you know? It's... obvious. Wait, I'll stop. Honey. Am I not funny? One more spoonful. Just another one. Ah. Jin Joo, is it yummy? Son! - It's good, right? - Yeah. Ow. Mom! What is it? Is it a pebble? - Dad really didn't like these... - I know. Hey. It looks like Deok Sun is having a really hard time lately. She got toasted red under the sun. But even so, it's amazing that she got picked, isn't it? Of course she has to work hard. There are only three high schoolers among the picket girls. She almost burned to death Hyochang Stadium all summer. But... which country is she representing, again? I heard, but I forgot again. Even if I tell you, I'm sure you'll forget again. It's a country I heard about for the first time as well. You're all done, Jin Joo? Wow. ♫The sun's burning down a sweet emotion♫ =KOREA by Team Young Girl= ♫Flying up higher, reach out for more♫ ♫When the sun comes up in Korea♫ ♫The sun goes down in America♫ ♫When the sun comes up in Korea♫ You're not going to get out? - Leave! You're asking to be beat, aren't you! - Ow! Are you that proud to be a part of the government's plan? Are you that proud to be participating in the government's brainwashing? Do you know how many people were displaced because of the Olympics? Do you know?! What are you talking about? Get out! Get out! Get the hell out! [1988 Seoul Olympics Eight days before D-Day] ♫Always refreshing, I feel it Coca-Cola♫ I'm off. Mom, I'm off! Your lunch! Oh. Mom, can I have 1000 won? I need it for school. What's it for? Our homeroom teacher is getting married. We decided to scrape some funds together and buy her something. Really? So I guess she finally got together with the history teacher? - Yeah. - Didn't they break up? I heard she was making a huge fuss about it before. - Yeah, but she got pregnant. - Really? Oh my, how embarrassing! Oh gosh, your poor teacher! So embarrassing! The same thing happened to you too, though. How much do you need? 1000 won. Mom, can I have some money for school? How much? 30,000 won. Mom, I want a fried egg. Mom, me too. I'm okay. I don't need one. Here you go. My Deok Seon likes black beans, right? She loves them, just like me. Eat up, my daughter. It would be nice if Deok Sun's school had school uniforms. There would be no need to spend money on clothes. It'd be so cost-efficient. Her school is going to have them, starting next year. She doesn't even go to school often, so what does she need a uniform for? I do go to school! Hey. Are you only going to half of your classes again today? Because of the Olympic thing or whatever? Yeah. I'm leaving after 2nd period. Will you be able to go to college at this rate? Of course she won't be able to. How can 999th place go to college? - Hey! - "Hey?" Hey, hey, hey. Just eat already. Geez. Deok Sun, you'll only have to suffer for another week now. Wow... my daughter's face is going to be on international TV! - Sung Deok Sun, you've made it! - It's because I'm pretty. You must be out of your mind. Speaking of which, our daughter is so pretty. What a miracle. Do you remember when she was born? We totally cried because she looked like half-chewed food! I was bewildered, even though I gave birth to her. I was wondering if I could shove her back in. We did shove her back in, only to pull her out again later. They say that ugly babies turn out to be pretty when they're older. It doesn't matter if you were pretty when you were young. Hey, Sung Deok Sun. What's that on your lip? That's mine. - No, it's not. - Yeah, it is. - No, it's not. - You're denying it? It's not. If you touch my makeup, I'll kill you. Got that? I asked if you got that! - Hey, Sung Deok Sun! - I got it. ♫Are you going to leave me?♫ ♫Making my heart hurt like this♫ ♫Are you going to leave me?♫ ♫Making my heart sad like this♫ ♫Are you unable to love me?♫ ♫I really love you♫ ♫even though you leave me♫ ♫I really love you♫ ♫even though you leave me♫ [Ssangmun High School] Class president. Attention. Bow. Thank you. - Have a good dinner. - Yes, ma'am! Ugh... so crass. The upperclassmen are waiting. Hurry up. I'm taking some of your soup. There's a person missing, so we need an extra person. If you don't come, we're dead. Do you not see how the weather is out there? Soccer, in this weather? You're going to pass out from heat exhaustion. Romania... Five, six, seven, eight! One, two, three... your arm is slipping! Raise your arm! Yes! Like that. One, two, three, four. Your arm can't fall! Raise it! Like that! Yes! One, two, three, four! Five, six... this arm is falling, too! Raise your arm! Rwanda... Raise your arm! Rwanda... One, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight. Where are you going? Walk in a straight line! Yes, like that. One, two, three, four... Straight! Walk straight! Five, six, seven, eight... in a straight line! Follow the line in the middle, okay? Madagascar... One, two... your expression! Your expression! Arm! Expression! A warm smile, okay? Arm, arm, arm! Your expression. Arm! Expression! Warm smile! Arm! Expression! Arm! Expression! Arm! - Hurry up! - No! Michael, you punk... you surprised me! Class prez- Michael, you punk... you surprised me! Class prez, what do I do now? What happened? All the money that I collected was stolen from me. - What? - What? Damn it! Seriously! So why did you take that route, you idiot? I don't know... I must have done it without thinking. They sell couple tea sets at the Dobong Store. But I guess I was looking for the entrance in the wrong spot. When I turned around... It was Brazil Ddukbokki's back alley! You got caught. You basically plotted to flush our money down the toilet. Did you get all of it taken from you? All of the collected funds. Besides money from the five kids who hadn't paid up. All 63,000 won. What do we do? We have to buy it by tomorrow! I don't have a penny! Neither do I. How much money did you get from your mom today? Want to die? Hey, Kim Jung Hwan! Hurry up and get out here. Okay! Hey, get up. Get up. Quick! Hey. Hey, Kim Jung Hwan! Want to die? Yes, I'm coming! Hey, let's go. 30,000 won? He told you that it was 30,000 won? - Yeah. - It's only 1000 won! You should have asked him about it first! What if he's using it for bad things? I'm sure he needs it for something. Jin Joo is putting on makeup. Who does she take after, dressing herself up like this? She probably takes after you. Would she take after Sun Woo's tacky dad? Oh, but... what were they using it for? I don't know. He didn't say. Apparently their homeroom teacher is getting married to the history teacher! Really? I guess she was single, then! Apparently, it's been a year since they started dating. She was so popular in school because she's so pretty. They were dating in secret, but they got caught holding hands by that kid that they call Michael. - Who's Michael? - The secretary of their class. He has dark skin and thick lips you know, like that character from the show, "Dooly." The kids say they look like him, so they call him that. Geez, really... you sure know a lot. Sun Woo tells me all of these things. There's no secret between us. You're just annoying him. No! He comes and tells me without me even asking. He's 100 times better than Jung Hwan, who comes home and says nothing. How do you manage to get by, being so bored? He tells me everything he needs to. Don't worry about my son, and worry about your daughter instead. She's going to end up killing that horse. It's okay. That horse is strong. Even that horse is so full of energy... Missus... even though he's younger than you, you should feed him some good food. That way, he'll have some energy in the bedroom. She even bought 30 eels yesterday just for that purpose. Every month, she tries eel, loaches, and chicken ginseng soup to boost his energy. She must have spent a fortune on that food already! Really? Don't be like that, and make some for your own husband. He doesn't look like he's doing so well lately. Who would think that he's the same age as Jung Hwan's dad? He looks 10 years older! I don't have that kind of money. More like you don't have a private room. What good is eel? When he can't use it. I feel bad for Bo Ra's father, too. Missus. Today's the perfect chance. Your kids won't be back home until after 11:00 p.m., right? And Bo Ra isn't home today, right? Make a younger sibling for No Eul today! Geez... geez! Stop that! Get over here... get over here! Oh, Bo Ra's dad, you're home? He's coming. Why are you so early today? Geez, you... He came home early to make a younger sibling for No Eul. I didn't even heat up the broth. Why heat up the broth? You have to warm up your bodies first. Bo Ra's dad, don't worry about anything, and do everything you want today! We'll be guarding the front door for you! You two can keep carrying on even if someone barges in! Have a Olympic mindset to the task. Go! Geez... I feel like those women just expend all their sexual energy through their mouths. Geez, those people... It's not like it's the first or second time. Come on. I can't even leave work without a heavy heart because I'm scared of them! I wish they be gone together in one day. Speaking of which, go wash up. Jung Hwan's dad is a bit late today. He always comes home at 7:00 p.m. on the dot, doesn't he? I'm sure he's holding someone hostage to his terrible jokes again somewhere. [Bonghwangdang] [Gold, silver, gems, expensive watches] Oh, here he comes. You're three minutes late today. Yes. I went to see Taek's dad on the way here. Aren't you cold? Why are your shoulders bare? Oh, dear. Are you afraid that someone will steal your wife away? Don't worry. Nobody else but you would consider her pretty. Geez. It's fine if she's only pretty in my eyes. Honey. Stop it! Geez. Stop it. Stop it. Stop it. Stop it. [1988 Seoul Olympics Seven days until D-Day] Have a good weekend. Don't slip off somewhere because it's Saturday and go straight home to show your parents your report cards. Boo! Class rep! Attention. Bow. Teacher, congratulations on your marriage! I'm 500 won short. You have money, right? One, two, three, four, five... I have exactly 500 won. Let's go. Where are you going? Dobong Shopping Complex to buy NES Remix Pack. Let's go together. It's okay. You guys go. I promised to play with Jin Joo. That punk never hangs out with us recently. Meh. Hey, I have to go to the bathroom. Come after you're done. Let's go together. Come to the third floor. I'll go first. Aish. [Dobong Shopping Complex] [Brazil Ddukbokki] There's two of them and two of us. It's worth a shot. Problem is Dong Ryong, if that punk can cover one dude, we have a chance to win. Which one should I hit first? The one on the right? Or on the left? No, no. I wasted too much time. Now... I have to hit them now. Jung Hwan. They want you to come, too. I want to cry... I want to cry... ♫This heart, really wants to cry, really wants to cry♫ I want to cry, too. ♫This heart, really wants to cry, really wants to cry♫ I want to cry. ♫This heart, really wants to cry, really wants to cry♫ ♫This heart, really wants to cry, really wants to cry♫ What's troubling you? ♫This heart, really wants to cry, really wants to cry♫ ♫This heart, really wants to cry, really wants to cry♫ Your husband earns a lot of money and your sons stay out of trouble. ♫This heart, really wants to cry, really wants to cry♫ ♫This heart, really wants to cry, really wants to cry♫ Out of all of us, I'm the most jealous of you. ♫This heart, really wants to cry, really wants to cry♫ Out of all of us, I'm the most jealous of you. ♫Love has left, friends too, all has gone away♫ ♫Love has left, friends too, all has gone away♫ What's the use of feeding him eel? ♫Love has left, friends too, all has gone away♫ ♫Love has left, friends too, all has gone away♫ It all just turns to poop. ♫Love has left, friends too, all has gone away♫ ♫Love has left, friends too, all has gone away♫ He's just pooping out more expensive poops. ♫Love has left, friends too, all has gone away♫ ♫Love has left, friends too, all has gone away♫ ♫So many times, those beautiful times, have you forgotten?♫ Why? You two didn't go to Hong Kong yesterday? ="Go to Hong Hong" refers to having sex= ♫So many times, those beautiful times, have you forgotten?♫ ♫So many times, those beautiful times, have you forgotten?♫ Hong Kong, my ass. ♫So many times, those beautiful times, have you forgotten?♫ ♫So many times, those beautiful times, have you forgotten?♫ We didn't even reach Jeju Island. ♫So many times, those beautiful times, have you forgotten?♫ If he has any conscience, shouldn't he at least leave outside of our country? ♫So many times, those beautiful times, have you forgotten?♫ He doesn't even have a conscience. ♫So many times, those beautiful times, have you forgotten?♫ ♫So many times, those beautiful times, have you forgotten?♫ When we're apart, you'll see. Perhaps, you'll see. When we're apart, you'll see. Perhaps, perhaps, you'll see. Hello. ♫You'll know once you've left♫ He has no conscience. ♫You'll know once you've left♫ ♫You'll know once you've left♫ It's because we wanted to eat at Brazil Ddukbokki, but have no money. If I become a notable figure, I'll pay you back for sure. Is this everything? If I search you, it'll be 10 hits per 10 won. Go. Hey, wait. What size are your feet? 260. Hey, Cavallo. =A Korean sports brand= Put yours back on. Oh... you're going to meet your dad on his way home? Yeah. The other kids should be back too. Hello! - Oh, hello! - Oh, hi! Hey, Jin Joo! Did you have fun? Are we having bean sprout soup today? Yeah. What about Jung Hwan? He didn't come with you? Oh, he went somewhere with Dong Ryong. He'll be home soon. Today's the day you get your report cards, right? You guys had an exam? Yes. Last week. You didn't know again, did you? No, he told me. You said your grades went down a bit, right? - Did you say you did poorly on math? - Yeah, a bit. So you didn't get first place this time? Who did, then? - This time, it was-- - Hey, what's this? - Did you get into a fight with someone? - No. I wouldn't do that. Who did that to you? I told you, that's not it. I just got scratched a bit. I'll go home first. And where did you get this? It's fine! It's nothing! Let him be. Stop bothering him over nothing. What if he's hanging out with bad kids? Is Sun Woo the type to do that? Unlike my kid. I'm sure he had a little spat with a friend or something. What if he got hit by some bad kids? Geez, stop it! It's just a band-aid on his chin. If it were a big deal, Sun Woo would have come and told you about it. Stop worrying. Here are the kids now. - Hello. - Hey there! Dong Ryong, you look so handsome lately! You're here, son? Daughters are better. Daughters. Even if she ranks 999th place in school, daughters are better. Why isn't Deok Sun coming? Do they keep her late even on Saturdays? But even so, she usually comes home early on Saturdays. My husband's not coming, my son who went to get him isn't coming. And my daughters aren't coming. Where did they all go? Where did they go? - Where'd they go? - Where'd they go? Hey. Hurry up and eat. Your mom's probably waiting. Why are you eating so slowly? Is it that good? Yeah. Oh. So this is why you always came to meet him. You were eating World cone every day? I want one, too! Your sister and your mom have to have some too. How could just the three of us eat it? I'm so hungry. Let's go home already. The ladies are in front of the house. Just improvise dinner with "Together" then. ="Together" is the ice cream brand= Sit down and eat. I told you, go see the doctor! It won't cost you that much. I do have money! I'll go next week. But, anyway, son... You're really not going to tell me? How did this happen? Tell me already! Oh, it's really nothing, Mom. Don't worry. I'm going to Jung Hwan's for a bit. Ah! Are you a ghost or something? What? Is it your first time seeing someone wearing a Korean traditional dress? You sure do all sorts of things. Our outfits were switched to these instead. It looks better, right? Just don't do anything. That would be best. What the heck? What's this? Did they change your outfits? - Yeah. Isn't it pretty? - Not at all. Ow scared me! Geez... If you were any closer, I would have socked you. What are you doing at night? Really.. Madagascar, my ass... ♫Let's love each other, like friends♫ ♫Let's love each other, like brothers♫ ♫Let's open our hearts here♫ ♫Oh Seoul Korea♫ ♫On that road filled with love♫ ♫Where the relaxing breeze by the riverside is♫ Hello! ♫The peoples' dreams are blooming♫ - Hey! - Hi. ♫The peoples' dreams are blooming♫ ♫The peoples' dreams are blooming♫ ♫Oh Seoul Korea♫ Mom, does your legs hurt? ♫Oh Seoul Korea♫ Yeah. They hurt so bad. ♫Oh Seoul Korea♫ Yeah. They hurt so bad. ♫The flag that flies under the blue sky♫ Son! ♫The flag that flies under the blue sky♫ ♫The flag that flies under the blue sky♫ ♫is a symbol to let the whole world unite as one♫ ♫Come let's gather together♫ ♫early in the morning in this country ♫ Honey! ♫early in the morning in this country ♫ ♫early in the morning in this country ♫ ♫Come let's gather together♫ Hello! ♫Come let's gather together♫ Hello! ♫Let us run together♫ ♫Let us run together♫ - Oh, you're home? - Hey! ♫Let us run together♫ You're back, Sun Woo? ♫Let us run together♫ Geez... she must be so happy her brother is here. ♫Let us run together♫ She's so lucky. ♫Let us run together♫ She's so lucky. - I'll be heading in now. - Okay. - Bye! - Bye! You're back? ♫Come let's gather together♫ ♫early in the morning in this country ♫ ♫Come let's gather together♫ Mom, I'm practicing at the Seoul Olympic Stadium starting today. ♫Come let's gather together♫ Mom, I'm practicing at Jamshil Olympic Stadium starting today. ♫Let us run together♫ Totally awesome, right? ♫Let us run together♫ ♫Let us run together♫ It's so huge here! Hodori (Seoul Olympics mascot) is humongous, too! ♫Let us run together♫ ♫Let us run together♫ - Missus. - It's probably nothing, right? I'm telling you, it's nothing! He's at the age when he has his own thoughts and keeps some secrets. You can't keep him under wraps forever. This much should be enough, right? This should be enough for the three families. Sun Woo's dad is probably going to gorge himself with this! I guess he really liked dumplings. He likes dumplings best second. There's something else he likes more. Rice wine. He used to have a bottle a day! But that wasn't too expensive, so it was okay. - Missus. - Hmm? Can I borrow 30,000 won? I'll pay you back next month. Sure. Oh my. Thinking about it, it's Sun Woo's birthday soon. Don't Deok Sun and Sun Woo have the same birthday? Did you guys do it on the same day? What are you saying? Jin Joo will hear. What day did you do it? For me, it was the last day of December. It was while we were picking pears in the woods. The kid will hear. Stop it. What are you going to get Sun Woo? Exactly... I don't know. Yeah... what do you get for your sons when they're all grown? You can buy your son another pair of sneakers. You didn't know, did you? Right? Geez. Jung Hwan got his sneakers stolen! Omma ya. When? By whom? Who do you think? Thugs, of course. Oh, gosh... our Jung Hwan dodged a bullet there. He wasn't hurt anywhere? He wasn't hurt, but he got his money and sneakers taken from him. It's been a few days since it happened. I heard it from Sun Woo. I guess our Jung Hwan didn't want his mom to worry, so he didn't tell you. If he didn't get hurt, it's fine. Oh dear. Looks like that kid can't be a nobleman. =In olden days, only slaves will immediately come if called by name, but a nobleman wouldn't. So the Korean version of "Speak of the devil" became "This person can't be a nobleman". Hello. Yeah, Jung Hwan. It must be tough studying hard. Go inside and rest. There's nothing to eat. Your dad said he was picking up a whole chicken. Two of them. (Korean: Du Ma Ri) Yes. Oh! There won't be anyone named "Whole Chicken (Tong Dak)" in there. Who would have such a stupid name? My younger brother. That's not what I'm looking for. "Two of them." (Du Ma Ri) I'm looking for someone named that. Jung Hwan. Yes? What is it? Nothing's up these days, right? Father's here. Aigoo, President Ra! You have to say, "Aigoo, President Kim!" back. Want a divorce? Aigoo! President Sung! Aigoo, President Kim! - How great it is to see you! - How great it is to see you! I've only got you, Deok Sun! Is that a whole chicken? You eat the drumstick. Don't give it to anyone. Okay? With four days left, people grow more curious =The last torch bearer remains a secret= about who will be the final torch bearer. The International Olympic Committee (IOC) declared that they will not be announcing it until the last day. I think it's Hur Jae! =Hur Jae is a South Korean basketball player= Whatever. What does it matter to us who it is. Do you not even read the newspaper? Hur Jae was already chosen to be the athletes' representative so he can't do it. Oh... really? In my opinion, there's only one person who can do it. Im Choon Ae. =South Korean track star= What? No way. Well, we'll just see if I'm right or wrong. Don't eat the wings. You'll fly away and cheat. My Deok Sun. Eat up. What about you, Mom? I don't really like chicken. You guys eat up. Oh, it's the unnie who's representing the Soviet Union. I feel pride and a great sense of responsibility. I would like it if this year's Olympic games improves international relations. =Han Ah Reum: Soviet Union Rep= How come you didn't get interviewed? They aired East Germany noona's yesterday. Are you crazy? Why would she do it? Only pretty girls do it. What? Then I'm sure our Deok Sun will do it, too. There are only three high schoolers, after all. Who else but our great Deok Sun would do it? I'm doing it too. I'm getting interviewed tomorrow. For real? Lying crazy bitch. It's true! Hey. How can you call your younger sister that? This crazy bitch is lying. Why, I ought to take your mouth, and... Why do you always do that to me? It's because you're the weird one. "You?" Are you out of mind? Ow! Mom! Mom! Am I your friend? Huh? What's Mom gonna do, huh? Wow, you must really be crazy. Stop it! Seriously! [1988 Seoul Olympics Three Days Until D-Day] Deok Sun, they want you now. Really? Don't be nervous. You just have to answer our questions clearly. Yes, I understand. We'd like to ask you to introduce yourself first. Hello. The grand ceremony for harmony and peace for the time where the people of world unite. I have been chosen to be the picket girl for Madagascar for the 88's Olympic. I am Ssangmun Girls' High School's second year student, Sung Deok Sun. Yes. I heard that you're the youngest among all the other picket girls. - You didn't have a hard time? - It wasn't difficult at all. The older picket girls took care of me as if I were their real younger sister so I've never once thought that things were difficult. Even so, what would you consider to be the most difficult thing you've experienced? I believe that it is a honor to be participating in a nationwide effort. Even if I had difficult moments, I was able to overcome it with determination and pride. You have a lot of pride in your position as picket girl. So you must be that much more disappointed. When did you find out that Madagascar won't be participating this year? Um... Madagascar announced yesterday that they wouldn't participate. As their country's picket girl, you must be quite disappointed. How do you feel? Um... I think you must still be quite shocked to hear about that... Even so, didn't you suffer for half a year under the sweltering heat for this? Ms. Sung Deok Sun? Yes. It's quite a shame. It's a shame, but even so... what's one last thing you'd like to say to all the citizens of Korea? Even though I cannot participate in this year's Olympics... I will pray and cheer harder than anyone else that the 1988 Seoul Olympics will be successful. The world to Seoul, Seoul to the world. Cheers! With three days left before the Olympics Madagascar announced that they would not be attending. This appears to be a boycott due to their relationship with North Korea. The Chairman revealed to reporters that this is clearly a political move on Madagascar's part due to their receiving a request from North Korea. Sun Woo! Buy me some cooking oil, please! Sun Woo! Cooking oil, please! Sun Woo. Oppa's not here. He put on his jacket and went outside. Oh... Noona! Why are you home so late? I'm starving! One, two three... Happy birthday to you, Happy birthday to you! Happy birthday, dear Bo Ra... Happy birthday to you! - Yay! - Blow out the candles! Thank you! Wait. Wait just a moment. We'll just take three of these out, and... Just a minute. That one on the end. - Yeah. - There we go. Okay, okay. Okay. This time, our second daughter's birthday party! Okay... one, two, three! Happy birthday-- Stop it! I told you, didn't I? That I didn't want to do it with her! Why don't you ever listen to me? I told you, Mom and Dad, that I didn't want to do it with her! We'll do it separately starting from next year. You said that last year, too! And the year before that! Why do you always only do this to me? Am I a joke to you? Am I someone who you can just treat any old way? How come you never make me a fried egg? I loved fried eggs. You just give me black beans all the time. I hate black beans too! Also, why do you only buy World cone to No Eul? And the chicken! Ahjussi gave it to me to eat and you gave the legs to unnie and No Eul... and just left me with the wings! I know how to eat chicken legs, too! Deok Sun. Why is it that I'm the only one who's Deok Sun? Why did you only give me a terrible name? Unnie is named Bo Ra and he's No Eul so why is it that my name is the only crappy one? I'm asking why is my name Deok Sun? What's with her? Ethiopia and Madagascar will no longer be attending due to political reasons. However, the 1988 Seoul Olympics will have 160 of the 167 of the IOC member nations in attendance. This day wasn't that special of a day. The misery of being the second daughter was always like this, after all. ♫My dear, don’t you worry about a thing♫ As it is for middle children all over the world ♫My dear, don’t you worry about a thing♫ ♫My dear, don’t you worry about a thing♫ for the eldest, it was because they're the eldest ♫My dear, don’t you worry about a thing♫ ♫My dear, don’t you worry about a thing♫ and for the youngest, it was because they're the youngest ♫My dear, don’t you worry about a thing♫ and for the youngest, it was because they're the youngest ♫Let’s just sing together♫ ♫Let’s just sing together♫ that I had to always yield to them. ♫Let’s just sing together♫ ♫Let’s just sing together♫ Even so, I thought that my mom and dad were aware of how much I'd sacrificed. ♫Let’s just sing together♫ Even so, I thought that my mom and dad were aware of how much I'd sacrificed. ♫My dear, all of your painful memories♫ ♫My dear, all of your painful memories♫ But that wasn't the case. ♫My dear, all of your painful memories♫ ♫Just bury them deep in your heart♫ Perhaps, our own family is the most oblivious. ♫Just bury them deep in your heart♫ ♫Just bury them deep in your heart♫ ♫Just let the past be the past♫ ♫It’s meaningful in that way♫ ♫Just sing to the one who left you♫ Mom. What are you doing in here? Mom. Is something wrong? What's this? - You smoke? - What? - You smoke, don't you? - No. What are you saying? When did you start smoking? Tell me the truth. No, Mom! That's not mine! You... what have you been going around doing lately? You're causing trouble, aren't you? I'm telling you, it's not mine. Do you... know how I raised you? Do you really want to see me die? You hang out with bad kids and smoke up a storm... why are you acting this way lately? When did I ever? Why are you acting this way? I told you, it's not mine! Then what's this on your face? What happened? Did you get into a fight with someone? Did you get hit? You're really not going to tell me? You... are you acting this way because your Dad's not around? Do you not care about your Mom at all? Mom! Mom, this... it happened while I tried to shave. I cut myself while I was trying to shave. Oh... Mom. Why's my mom acting this way? Geez... Mom. Mom. Mom. Mom. Mom. Mom. Mom. I'm fine. My friends said that they all cut themselves the first time. It's not because of Dad. Oh geez... Mom. Mom. Why are you acting this way? You're breaking my heart. - My child... - Mom, I'm sorry. Mom, I'm sorry. Mom. I'm sorry I yelled, Mom. Mom. Mom, I'm sorry. ♫I try to catch the days that are gone♫ =Youth - Feel Kim= [Rice Wine] ♫I try to catch the days that are gone♫ =Youth - Feel Kim= ♫I try to catch the days that are gone♫ =Youth - Feel Kim= Jin Joo, be careful. ♫I try to catch the days that are gone♫ =Youth - Feel Kim= Jin Joo, be careful. Your older brother went all the way to the store to get this. ♫But my empty hands get sad♫ ♫But my empty hands get sad♫ ♫So I should just let them go, I should turn away♫ ♫That’s how time passes♫ ♫I can forgive you who left me♫ Jin Joo. Let's greet Dad. ♫I can forgive you who left me♫ ♫I can forgive you who left me♫ ♫But not time that leaves me♫ ♫I have no place to rest, and my empty heart♫ ♫that keeps looking for the olden days♫ [September 17, 1988 the 24th Olympics in Seoul, South Korea] It's a historical moment. It is finally the beginning of the 24th official Olympic games in Seoul. Now it is turning into the Seoul Olympic Games' emblem. What bright, beautiful colors. ♫The fire shooting up in the sky♫ =Hand in hand by Koreana= Dad. There isn't even a single mouse on the streets right now. ♫The fire shooting up in the sky♫ =Hand in hand by Koreana= Did it start? ♫Our thousands of hearts are beating♫ Why are you drinking in the daytime? ♫Our thousands of hearts are beating♫ ♫Our thousands of hearts are beating♫ Geez, you... ♫Our thousands of hearts are beating♫ What better day to get drunk than today ♫Our thousands of hearts are beating♫ when my second eldest daughter gets to participate in the Olympics? ♫Our thousands of hearts are beating♫ ♫Our thousands of hearts are beating♫ ♫Everyone, arise♫ What about noona? ♫Everyone, arise♫ Bo Ra! Come out! It's starting! ♫Everyone, arise♫ I'm not watching it! ♫Everyone, arise♫ You're the only one who'll regret it, you crazy girl! ♫Everyone, arise♫ Wow, the athletes are entering! ♫Let's take the road to live together forever♫ Oh, yeah. ♫Let's take the road to live together forever♫ ♫Let's take the road to live together forever♫ [1988 Olympics, When Deok Sun Walks] ♫Let's take the road to live together forever♫ Oh, okay. I'll record it from now on. ♫Let's take the road to live together forever♫ Honey. ♫Let's take the road to live together forever♫ ♫Let's take the road to live together forever♫ ♫Hand in hand, climb over the wall♫ Didn't they say Deok Sun got dropped? ♫Hand in hand, climb over the wall♫ Didn't they say Deok Sun got dropped? ♫We can make this world a better place to live♫ I heard that "Madagastar" or whatever isn't participating. ♫We can make this world a better place to live♫ ♫We can make this world a better place to live♫ I'm sure she went to them and bitched them out. ♫We can make this world a better place to live♫ ♫We can make this world a better place to live♫ ♫Hand in hand, climb over the wall♫ Isn't it awesome, Mom? ♫Hand in hand, climb over the wall♫ Really? ♫Hand in hand, climb over the wall♫ Wow. How awesome. ♫Hand in hand, climb over the wall♫ So she got to take the place of someone who got fired? ♫Hand in hand, climb over the wall♫ Wow... Deok Sun is so lucky. ♫Hand in hand, climb over the wall♫ Wow... Deok Sun is so lucky. ♫Let our hearts become one♫ ♫Let our hearts become one♫ Her luck is no joke. ♫Let our hearts become one♫ It's not luck. Deok Sun practiced hard. That's why they took care of her. ♫Let our hearts become one♫ ♫Let our hearts become one♫ I heard that she was never late even once. ♫Let our hearts become one♫ I heard that she was never late even once. ♫Hand in hand♫ Yeah. ♫Hand in hand♫ ♫Hand in hand♫ If she studied with that much willpower, she'd be ranked Number One for sure. ♫Hand in hand♫ ♫Hand in hand♫ Hey. So... which country is she representing now? ♫Hand in hand♫ ♫Hand in hand♫ Son. So, which country is Deok Sun- Son. So, which country is Deok Sun representing now? You'll see. They're doing it in Korean alphabetical order and her country starts with U... They're already up to the Soviet Union? She should be on soon. This is the Soviet Union. There are 518 athletes on their team. Not long ago, their country was... Bo Ra! Hurry and come out! She's coming on soon! I told you, I'm not watching! Jordan. The athletes from Jordan are now entering. She's next, dad. It's after Jordan. There she is! -..will seek medals in the taekwondo competition Uganda... There she is... =The original picket girl for Madagascar was 18 year old, 2nd year student. She however became the award presenter for Korea's gold in wrestling= There she is... ♫Hand in hand, climb over the wall♫ - She's there! - There she is! ♫Hand in hand, climb over the wall♫ Sung Deok Sun! My older sister! ♫Hand in hand, climb over the wall♫ Sung Deok Sun! My older sister! ♫We can make this world a better place to live♫ Mother! ♫We can make this world a better place to live♫ ♫We can make this world a better place to live♫ Wow, Sung Deok Sun! ♫We can make this world a better place to live♫ ♫We can make this world a better place to live♫ Wow, she's really there! ♫We can make this world a better place to live♫ She looks so pretty! ♫Hand in hand, climb over the wall♫ - Yeah! - Oh my goodness! ♫Hand in hand, climb over the wall♫ There she is! ♫Hand in hand, climb over the wall♫ There you are, President Sung! Nice to see you! ♫Hand in hand, climb over the wall♫ There you are, President Sung! Nice to see you! ♫Let our hearts become one♫ All together now! The wave! ♫Let our hearts become one♫ Yeah! ♫Let our hearts become one♫ Yeah! ♫Hand in hand♫ ♫Hand in hand♫ Uganda! Uganda! ♫Hand in hand♫ Dad, what's their capital city? ♫Hand in hand♫ Huh? Their capital city is... Oh! ♫Hand in hand♫ Where is... ♫Hand in hand♫ Yeah! That's Deok Sun. ♫Hand in hand♫ ♫Hand in hand♫ No, that's nothing. ♫Hand in hand♫ Of course! Are you kidding me? Her face is being shown all over the world! ♫Hand in hand♫ She beat the 7 to 1 odds. ♫Hand in hand♫ Geez... I was so worried that she could never get married ♫Hand in hand♫ when she was young because she was ugly. ♫Hand in hand♫ But she's blossomed! Prettier than her older sister, for sure. ♫Hand in hand♫ ♫Hand in hand♫ Here is the torch bearer. Sohn Kee Chung enters, holding the torch. Then, Im Choon Ae takes it from him. Hmm, Im Choon Ae. I knew it. Where did Im Choon Ae get a medal, again? It was in 1986 during the 10th Asian Games. She won the 800 meter, 1500 meter, and 3000 meter races. She was the first one who conquered three titles in track and field during the Asian Games. Also known as Ramen Girl. Because they had no rice at home, she said she could only eat ramen and reached stardom overnight. However, it was revealed that she ate herbal medicine as well. This happened two years ago. Hyung. Call me when they're doing soccer. Okay. What are you up to? Studying. - Oh. - Why? Nothing. - Jung Hwan. - Yes? You don't have anything to tell me? No. I heard you guys took an exam. Oh, yes. We did. - Did you do well? - Yes. Oh... I ranked first in class. So why didn't you tell me? It's not even going on our transcript. Your mom wants to know everything, though. Tell me these things. Do you know how jealous I am of Sun Woo's mom? ♫My dear, don’t you worry about a thing♫ Sun Woo tells him mom everything. ♫My dear, don’t you worry about a thing♫ ♫My dear, don’t you worry about a thing♫ ♫Let’s just sing together♫ Even if it's not everything... ♫Let’s just sing together♫ ♫Let’s just sing together♫ just a few things that you think would be okay to tell me would be nice. ♫Let’s just sing together♫ ♫My dear, all of your painful memories♫ It's because I feel ashamed every time I hang out with the ladies. ♫My dear, all of your painful memories♫ ♫My dear, all of your painful memories♫ ♫Just bury them deep in your heart♫ Okay? ♫Just bury them deep in your heart♫ ♫Just bury them deep in your heart♫ Answer me. ♫Just bury them deep in your heart♫ ♫Just bury them deep in your heart♫ ♫Just let the past be the past♫ I got it. ♫Just let the past be the past♫ ♫Just let the past be the past♫ Study hard. ♫Just let the past be the past♫ ♫Just let the past be the past♫ ♫It’s meaningful in that way♫ ♫Just sing to the one who left you♫ - Um, Mom. - Yeah? ♫Just sing to the one who left you♫ ♫Say you loved them with no regrets♫ Um... can you buy me a new pair of sneakers? I lost them. ♫Just let the past be the past♫ Son! Want to come buy sneakers with me today? ♫It’s meaningful in that way♫ ♫It’s meaningful in that way♫ No, it's okay. Just give me the money. ♫It’s meaningful in that way♫ Okay. Hey. Jung Hwan plays soccer every day, but he's so good at studying too. It's because he doesn't do anything else except play soccer. He doesn't smoke either. Of course he doesn't. He's different than he looks. I thought that those cigarettes would be Jung Hwan's, if not yours. No, Mom. Jung Hwan doesn't smoke. Really? Then whose were they? I'm wondering the same thing. Whose could it be? Oh, but... why did they collect money for school? I don't know. He didn't say. Who is it? We're not expecting anyone. Who is it? Oh, Uncle! What brings you here? Sun Woo... let's go to the public baths. - Quick. - What? Hey. Get every nook and cranny, okay? Money, Noona. I took a bath yesterday. And I took a crap yesterday. Do you think I'll not take a crap today just because I did yesterday, punk? Stop talking about crap all the time and get married already. Geez. Take good care of him. Wash every nook and cranny of his. And teach him how to do this and that. Okay, okay. But, noona... you packed a razor, right? Go on, now. Let's go take a bath with Uncle. Why are you dragging him by his ear? I'm coming, I'm coming! How does it look, Dad? Where did you get those? I got it from an Ugandan athlete. Doesn't it look cool? This is a fan from a Korean athlete, and a hat from a Equatoguinean athlete. And this is an umbrella from a Danish athlete. And... What... is that? A pitiful pigeon. I'm going to bury it. There's one that got scorched by the flame, too. I picked it up from under the Olympic Torch. Okay, I get it. Put it away. Geez... My Deok Sun is so kind. You're like an angel. Um. Deok Sun. I have something I want to give you too. What? Just wait. Ta-da! Happy birthday, my Deok Sun. Oh my, look at that! 18 candles already? When did my daughter grow up so much? Me and your mom are sorry. It's because we didn't know. When your sister was born, we were worried about how to teach her. When you were born, we were worried about how to raise you. And when your brother was born, we were worried about how to shape him into a good person. Dads don't automatically become dads the moment you're born either. It's my first time being a dad too. So... I'd like it if you could go easy on me. ♫From the time I left, I knew I'd return♫ My daughter grew up to be so pretty. ♫From the time I left, I knew I'd return♫ ♫From the time I left, I knew I'd return♫ When did you become such a pretty young lady? ♫From the time I left, I knew I'd return♫ ♫This place of comfort, this place of peace♫ You were even on TV. ♫This place of comfort, this place of peace♫ Looking so pretty, even wearing makeup. ♫This place of comfort, this place of peace♫ ♫This place of comfort, this place of peace♫ Anyway, when my Deok Sun gets married, how will I live? I'll be so miserable. ♫This place of comfort, this place of peace♫ Anyway, when my Deok Sun gets married, how will I live? I'll be so miserable. ♫In order to find many things, I walked on a long road♫ ♫In order to find many things, I walked on a long road♫ I'm not getting married, though. ♫In order to find many things, I walked on a long road♫ You shouldn't say that. ♫In order to find many things, I walked on a long road♫ You shouldn't say that. ♫Where was I standing?♫ Here. Let's light the candles and sing you "Happy Birthday." ♫Where was I standing?♫ Here. Let's light the candles and sing you "Happy Birthday." ♫I want to fly high in the sky and embrace the stars♫ ♫I want to fly high in the sky and embrace the stars♫ Okay? Here. ♫I want to fly high in the sky and embrace the stars♫ ♫I want to fly high in the sky and embrace the stars♫ Wow, how pretty. ♫I want to fly high in the sky and embrace the stars♫ ♫I want to fly high in the sky and embrace the stars♫ ♫Did I live having forgotten what's precious?♫ Okay. ♫Did I live having forgotten what's precious?♫ ♫Did I live having forgotten what's precious?♫ Deok Sun. ♫Did I live having forgotten what's precious?♫ ♫Did I live having forgotten what's precious?♫ Happy birthday. ♫Did I live having forgotten what's precious?♫ ♫Did I live having forgotten what's precious?♫ ♫Now I wish it would be like that♫ Okay, blow them out. ♫Now I wish it would be like that♫ ♫Now I wish it would be like that♫ Have some, Dad. ♫Now I wish it would be like that♫ Have some, Dad. ♫Healing a tired heart in your shade♫ No. I don't like creamy things. ♫Healing a tired heart in your shade♫ ♫Healing a tired heart in your shade♫ Perhaps, our own family is the most oblivious. ♫The precious things are by your side♫ ♫The precious things are by your side♫ But... what's so important about knowing? ♫The precious things are by your side♫ But... what's so important about knowing? ♫I wish I can tell this to the person leaving far away♫ ♫I wish I can tell this to the person leaving far away♫ In the end, what helps you climb over the wall isn't brains ♫I wish I can tell this to the person leaving far away♫ ♫I wish I can tell this to the person leaving far away♫ but the heart that'll take your hand and won't let you go. ♫I wish I can tell this to the person leaving far away♫ but the heart that'll take your hand and won't let you go. ♫Now I wish it would be like that♫ ♫Now I wish it would be like that♫ In the end, that's family. ♫Now I wish it would be like that♫ ♫Now I wish it would be like that♫ She says my daughter is so pretty, and that her eyes take after mine. ♫Healing a tired heart in your shade♫ Even for heroes, their rightful place to return to in the end is family. ♫Healing a tired heart in your shade♫ Even for heroes, their rightful place to return to in the end is family. ♫The precious things are by your side♫ ♫The precious things are by your side♫ The home inflicted upon you outside the home ♫The precious things are by your side♫ The pain inflicted upon you outside the door ♫I wish I can tell this to the person leaving far away♫ ♫I wish I can tell this to the person leaving far away♫ and the scars inflicted on you by life itself... ♫I wish I can tell this to the person leaving far away♫ ♫I wish I can tell this to the person leaving far away♫ Why is my name Deok Sun? ♫I wish I can tell this to the person leaving far away♫ and even the sadness brought onto you by family... ♫I wish I can tell this to the person leaving far away♫ the people who will hold you and stand by you until the end... In the end, it's family. [One Month Later] And... no. Even so... history repeats itself. Ow, my head... Oh, my head. Oh my! Is it the carbon monoxide from the coal briquettes again? Hey, honey. Get up. Hey, No Eul! Hey! Wake up! Carbon monoxide! No Eul! You punk... come to your senses! Hey, hey, hey! Bo Ra... hey! Wake up! She's acting strange. Hey! Are you okay? Oh, my... are you okay? Bo Ra! Bo Ra, you okay? Oh, my head! Oh, my head! Damn it! [November 2015] Oh. What was your question, again? Oh. When we first met? I'm sorry. When I was young, I inhaled way too much carbon monoxide. Hmm. It's been a couple decades since we've met. We grew up on the same block, but... I never dreamed that I'd end up marrying him. I think I lost my mind for a second. I was insane. Honestly, I inhaled the most carbon monoxide in Ssangmundong. It was constant. I probably inhaled it for 20 years straight. I think something happened to my head for a bit because of that. My husband got lucky. Where else would he have found such a pretty wife? Mom! Deok Sun has someone she likes! Seriously! ♫Our love is about to start♫ =I shall love by Lee Sang-eun= This is new. How does it look? ♫Our love is about to start♫ =I shall love by Lee Sang-eun= I'm late. Get lost. ♫Our love is about to start♫ =I shall love by Lee Sang-eun= We're going to eat ddukbokki! ♫Our love is about to start♫ =I shall love by Lee Sang-eun= ♫Our love is about to start♫ =I shall love by Lee Sang-eun= Don't you think Deok Sun seems a bit cute lately? ♫Our love is about to start♫ =I shall love by Lee Sang-eun= ♫Our love is about to start♫ =I shall love by Lee Sang-eun= Yeah... a little. ♫Our love is about to start♫ =I shall love by Lee Sang-eun= Yeah... a little. ♫Let the sweet memories forever be beautiful♫ ♫Let the sweet memories forever be beautiful♫ Yeah. ♫Let the sweet memories forever be beautiful♫ My first love depends on this. ♫Let the sweet memories forever be beautiful♫ ♫Let the sweet memories forever be beautiful♫ ♫Umm In the cold wind that blows (against you),♫ =Girl by Lee Moon Se= Take it off, bastard. Take it off. ♫Umm In the cold wind that blows (against you),♫ =Girl by Lee Moon Se= ♫Umm In the cold wind that blows (against you),♫ =Girl by Lee Moon Se= You're such a frustrating bastard. ♫Umm In the cold wind that blows (against you),♫ =Girl by Lee Moon Se= ♫Umm In the cold wind that blows (against you),♫ =Girl by Lee Moon Se= ♫You cry lonely♫ ♫But I'll always stay by your side♫ ♫I'll never leave you♫ 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 