Possessed: Season 1, Episode 11 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Possessed 
 s1e11 - Episode #1.11 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Possessed (2019–…): Season 1, Episode 11 - Episode #1.11 - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 ALL CHARACTERS, ORGANIZATIONS, LOCATIONS, INCIDENTS, AND RELIGIONS IN THIS DRAMA ARE FICTITIOUS EPISODE 11 We don't have much time left. What will happen once the door to Hell opens? Will there be pillars of fire everywhere or will we be hit by earthquakes and tsunamis? It has already begun. Can't you feel it? Parents kill their children, and children kill their parents. People commit murder for frivolous reasons. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Random killings happen every day. I doubt that this was an issue when you worked as a detective. The world doesn't turn into hell because the Heavens are punishing us. People are driving themselves toward destruction. The wrath of people who have lost control is turning this world into hell. When that happens, laws, morals, conscience, or humanity will lose their purpose. It might be too late to save this world. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Hwang Dae-du knows that I exist. We don't know what he might do next. What works in our favor is that he doesn't know that we're aware of Oh Su-hyeok. We need to get rid of him before he catches on. What about that guy? Bye. What... I didn't let you live because I like you. Stay still. Can I get some water? Stop trying to play games with me. It won't work. Once hosts are relieved from being possessed, they feel great thirst. Let me ask you one thing. What I'm remembering... Is it real? It's not just some nightmare? An abominable demon possessed a man who deserves to die. What's wrong with that? Shit! Senior Director Oh. What on earth is Oh Su-hyeok? That's none of your business. With my own two hands, I killed my men. Did that young son of a bitch play me like a fiddle? Does loyalty exist among crackheads too? He made a fool out of me. So what will you do about it? I'll get revenge. You're no match for him. Haven't you learned that by now? We'll handle Oh Su-hyeok, so just help us get to him. Fine. That I'll do. Don't trust what he says. Look here, Detective. I have nothing to lose. If I'm going to rot in prison anyway, there's nothing I won't do to get my revenge. But first, tell me what the hell is going on. How am I supposed to help when I'm completely in the dark? "Woman." "Religion"? What's that? KANG PIL-SEONG -I solved it. -Right. The reason Kang Pil-seong changed completely is because of a woman and religion. Damn it. You're being absurd! I'm sure of it. All right. Here is the undeniable proof. A few months ago, following my good instincts, I found out about Pil-seong's girlfriend. She approached him first, and she even bought him clothes. Do you think she'd do that without an ulterior motive? Well, I guess the chances of having no ulterior motive are very slim. That's right, so as a friend, I gave him a piece of advice. She's either a member of a cult or a con-artist of a pyramid scheme. Back then, nothing was really clear to me, but now that I think about it, everything makes perfect sense. It all fits! I doubt he got caught up in a cult. That's like a cop falling victim to voice phishing. You still don't know how scary religion can be, do you? Anyone can tell which religions are cults, but if you look at the people who are involved, there are doctors, prosecutors, and even executives of major companies. Right. He has a point. -So? -Right. So Kang Pil-seong, this foolish and gullible man, is now... He joined a cult because he fell head over heels in love for a woman who's in a cult. She approached him first, was friendly to him, and even bought him clothes. Since he's never been with a woman, he fell for her so hard that he didn't even know he was joining a cult. Would someone so smart and intuitive fall for such a scam? Look. I have a friend who is the 78th descendant of Tang Sanzang. All throughout Silla Dynasty, Goryeo Dynasty, and Joseon Dynasty, the family was devoted to Buddhism. However, in less than a month after falling in love with a woman, he began to attend church on Sunday mornings. That's how scary love can be, my friend. How can you know so well when you haven't been in love? Must you go to the States to know that the White House is in New York? Isn't this the perfect scenario? I'm sure of it. So what should I do? Should I tail him? Isn't Tang Sanzang a character from Journey to the West? Also, your friend being a 78th descendant... That means a monk fathered a child. Do you have any idea how agonizing it is to be an apostate monk? Are you done spewing nonsense? The agony of an apostate monk, my ass. Also, the White House isn't in New York. It's in Washington, D.C. -Jun-hyeong. -Yes? For the time being, ostracize his sorry ass. If he doesn't reflect on his actions, then make sure he does not have any social interactions. Don't leave the room and raise your arms over your head for ten minutes and reflect on your actions. Right now. -Damn it. -That's odd. -Open the door. -I'm sure it was Tang Sanzang. You must not kill him though. If you do, he'll just jump into someone else's body. -What about the location? -The shrine in Hongsan. It won't be easy to get him all the way to Hongsan. How about the location where we performed Jang Chun-seop's exorcism? He is not an ordinary spirit. We must perform the ritual at the most sacred and powerful place to have even the slightest chance. I understand. You're talking about house advantage right? It's home advantage. Are all detectives that ignorant? Only Jang Chun-seop can lure Oh Su-hyeok to Hongsan, but I don't trust him. While trying to solve one problem, we might end up with another. Right now, our only hope is to trust Jang Chun-seop. If Oh Su-hyeok sees you, he'll know right away that you're no longer possessed. All you have to do is lure him to the location. At 3 p.m., you have a meeting with the president of the Business Council. Then at 7 p.m., you have a banquet with investors from Hong Kong. Okay. You can go now. Yes, sir. What is it? I was just wondering when you were planning to swing by the vacation home. Just like you ordered, I've been cooped up here for days, and I'm getting bored. I also want to know what the plan is. I'll be there tomorrow evening, so don't call if it's nothing important. Sure thing. I'll see you tomorrow. Getting cheeky, are we? Hello, sir. How may I help you? Are you a member? Sir, wait! What's going on? What... Jang Chun-seop. It's been a while, brother. Brother? I've never taken in a crack dealer as a brother. I heard that someone recently purchased a gun. I see that it was you. Isn't drug smuggling and weapon smuggling practically the same thing? You must either be nuts or have a death wish. You used to tiptoe even around my shadow, but now you're acting like we're equal. How bold of you. Well, I'm not the Chun-seop you used to know. I need some better guns. Not a toy like this one. Talk to my minions if you need guns. I need a few men too. Ones that are smart and swift. I'd even appreciate it more if you were to take action yourself. If you need someone gone, just pay my men a few bucks and-- I'm going to kill him myself. What an amateur. Why make all this fuss to kill one person? Should I tell you how it's done? Go to where the bastard lives. Ring the doorbell. Once you see him, shoot him in the head. Simple, right? That's how you kill someone. This isn't a war, you know. Killing him instantly like that won't relieve any of my anger. I'm taking a page out of your book. Especially the one about eliminating traitors. I see you have quite the grudge. Seeing how you're trying to burn him alive. He's not an easy target though. Lose focus, and he'll kill us all. So what will it be? Is it a big fish? Then let's up the ante. Did you think that this chump change would be enough? I'm Hwang Yeong-gil. This is just a down payment. In the basement of his vacation home, there's more money than you've saved up so far. In cash too. You can have it all. When are you planning to do it? Tomorrow. In Anpyeong. Are you still here? It's not like I wanted to stay. I want to sleep somewhere comfortable too. Jeez. You sure are clueless. He's not letting me leave. He's making me stay here against my will. My guess is that he wants me to stay and protect you. Being back in this world is annoying enough, but I'm also tangled up in a couple's love story. What about your family? Are they well? How did you know? If I were you, I would've looked them up too. It was meaningless though. I can't hold them in my arms or tell them who I am. I won't go to see them again. Goodness. Don't you think his family is too prestigious compared to ours? You might feel intimidated among his family members. Are you worried? He came unannounced, so I wasn't able to treat him properly. Well, he's a busy man. Aren't you happy though? Tell me. -You're happy, right? -My gosh. I'm happy because you are. -Mom. -Yes? Mr. Oh is a great man. He's sweet and considerate, so don't worry. Okay. I like the scent. Gosh, that's fragrant. What is this? It's a scented candle. Its scent will calm you down and clear your mind. Goodness, I almost forgot. Please tell him that this is for Seung-hui. Sure. Wait, what about me? Where's mine? Well, you don't really seem like the type to light scented candles, sir. We thought that you'd tell us off for being impractical, so we took you off the list. I've lived my life in vain. Must I be ignored like this by a junior detective? Hello, sir. -Good morning, sir. -You too. My days are so delightful thanks to Jun-hyeong. Good... Hold on. What's this? Officer Choe bought it for Seung-hui to help her relax when studying. My gosh. You're even better than me, and I'm her father. My daughter would love this. I feel terrible for always being in debt. Please don't mention it, sir. Then I'll head back to my post. Sure thing. Thanks again. -Good day, everyone. -You too. Pil-seong, you won't believe what... Do you not see me? Am I invisible to you as well? What's up with you today? The number you have dialed... KANG PIL-SEONG KANG PIL-SEONG We should not have trusted Jang Chun-seop. He's off the grid. What do we do? I am heading to TF Group. Jang Chun-seop must be somewhere near Oh Su-hyeok. I have to stop him before he does something stupid. You should head to Hongsan right now. What are you going to do alone? If we miss this opportunity we will never catch Hwang Dae-du. I have to do something. I'm hanging up. There is still time until the evening. Make yourself at home. What an arrogant jerk. How rude. Excuse me. I am here to see Director Oh. Have you made an appointment? POLICE KANG PIL-SEONG Hi, is Director Oh in? Okay. Director Oh left this morning. Thank you. Where are we? It is where I was born and raised. You used to live here? Back then, there was a shanty town where mine workers used to live. That is where I was born and raised. I do not understand what you are saying. The mine collapsed, and dozens of miners died in there. The coal mine was closed and that became my only playground. I thought about a lot of things in that playground. And I planned a lot of things. I burned my father to a crisp and learned that taking a life brings immense pleasure. I also learned that it is the only way out of the infernal pain. I was happy until I met a person who interrupted me from feeling that thrill. Kim Nak-cheon. He basically sentenced me to death and I sent him to the afterlife. Director Oh, you are going too far with this. How could you say that? Life is funny, isn't it? It is funny how the late Kim Nak-cheon's daughter is standing in front of me. The daughter who fell in love with the foe who killed her father. She slept with him and promised to marry him. The daughter who dreams of spending her life with him. Your dead father will rise from his grave out of shock. What are you trying to do? But that really happened. Kim Nak-cheon actually rose from his grave. Doesn't just the thought of it excite you? Just imagine his face when he finds out about all of this. I was going to take it slow with you. It would be more fun to marry you and have kids with you. Imagine it. Can you imagine how Kim Nak-cheon will feel when he finds out that his grandchild is Hwang Dae-du's child? Alright. Shall we begin the game now? You are heading to the villa in Anpyeong? What if he is not there? I have no idea where both of them are. I guess at least one will show up. We do not know what will happen tonight, so you should get ready for the ritual. Okay. Call me right away if something happens. And... please be careful. Hello, sir. Are you trying to seem cool? Do you think this is your house? When the tiger isn't around, the fox is the king, isn't it? Jang Chun-seop... Jang Chun-seop. What should I do with you? I heard you're a ghost. Then I'm sure you understand exactly what's going on. After the spirit left you should have just quietly disappeared. What are you doing here? Are you fearless or thoughtless? My goodness. I nearly died because of a stupid ghost. How ridiculous. Don't you worry. I'll turn you into a ghost very soon. Try that mind control thing on me again. Go ahead. I guess you're really pissed off, seeing how you even brought these cockroaches with you. Jang Chun-seop. Let's revise the contract a little. I must kill this prick with my own two hands. The penalty will be quite hefty. Let's just follow the contract. Let's see. You seem completely normal for someone who's possessed. But judging from how you were talking nonsense earlier, -you're obviously not normal. -I guess you're not afraid of ghosts. I don't believe in ghosts. Word has it that you're a crackhead. Most crackheads are totally out of it as if they're possessed, you know. Who knows if you're on crack or if you're actually possessed? I don't even care. But that thing over there keeps piquing my interest. You prick, I like you. Look at you acting all tough. You'll be too embarrassed to scream for your life later. As an appetizer, we'll cut off your fingers, one by one. You'll faint if you bleed too much, so we'll try to control the bleeding each time we cut off a finger, okay? For the main dish, I'll gouge out your eyeballs like this. I'll even pull your tongue out and chop it all off. Got that? You little piece of shit. That won't kill you, of course. And you cannot die. You can only die after you experience excruciating pain that no one has ever felt before. The kind of pain that will make Hell, where you came from, look like heaven. That kind of pain. And for dessert, while you're still alive and breathing, I will set you on fire. You said it yourself that there's a fine line between pain and pleasure. In a situation like this, will you still be able to feel such pleasure? I watched a movie a few days ago. An action film. It was boring though. Action scenes have to look realistic, but all the moves and everything looked so contrived. It made me think. "Shall I become a film director?" You can spew all kinds of nonsense you want when you go to hell. This prick. Jeez, this wack job kills me. Hey, press it hard. Yes, harder. I bought this suit recently. Make sure his blood doesn't splatter on my suit. The movie will begin shortly. I'm sorry. I forgot to prepare the popcorn. You called me yesterday, right? That's when I figured out your plan. It was cute to see you racking your brain for a way to trick me, and I was also curious about what you were going to do. Thanks to you, I can make my debut as a film director now. They don't play the national anthem before playing a movie these days, right? All right. Then we'll get started right away. It's a story about an underling who betrayed the gang and the gang leader who seeks to punish him. It's a dynamic action film with lots of bloody scenes. The underling, who was hiding, aims his gun at his boss to get rid of him. The underling aims his gun at his boss' head and places his finger on the trigger. His heart is about to explode because of the anxiety, but the underling manages to shoot his boss in the head. However, he fails to stay focused and misses his target. Then the boss tries to get back at his underling. The boss, who's notoriously cruel, doesn't kill the traitor right away. Instead, he chooses to inflict pain on him. The underling is dying, but he won't die alone. He gathers every ounce of strength and fires his gun. It's a wrap. What do you think? Isn't my movie dope? But this isn't the end. This is an experimental film, so the audience can participate in it. All right. We're reaching the climax of the film now. Jang Chun-seop, this bastard. Bang. I got him. I'm on my way to Hongsan now. Get ready. Please... Please help me. His leg is probably broken. Will you be able to get rid of him? First, we have to free the souls that are locked inside. Turn him over. Please wait outside. I'll stay here. We can't get this done unless I focus intently. You'll distract me, so get out. Do you even know what Hwang Dae-du is capable of? Do you? I'll be watching, so get started already. Hwang Dae-du... He blocked all the gateways to his soul. I can't get in. Mom. Mom. Mom? I'm okay. I need to do this alone. If you want to save your daughter, you should come inside yourself, father-in-law. JI-HANG'S MOM Hello? Hello? Hello, is this Ji-hang's place? Yes, it is. May I ask who's calling? Well, I'm her colleague from work. Can I talk to her? She went on a trip today. Who did she go with? Where did she go? I'm sorry, but can you tell me who you are first? By any chance, did she go with Mr. Oh Su-hyeok from TF Group? Yes, she did. How did you know that? Where did they go? I'm not quite sure. Why? What's the matter? Did something happen to my daughter? No, it's not that. No. I had to ask her something about work. I was actually worried because her cell phone was turned off. Is everything okay? Yes, of course. I'm sorry for calling you late at night. You bastard. Get up! Where's Ji-hang? What did you do to her? Stop it. Stop... You didn't kill her, did you? Where did you take Ji-hang? Answer me, you jerk! Please stop! It'll become harder for me if he wakes up. So please don't get worked up and just stay still. He did everything on purpose. This son of a bitch planned all this. He let him catch me on purpose. And he knew I'd bring him to you. If you want to save your daughter, you should come inside yourself, father-in-law. No. Entering Hwang Dae-du's soul is being suicidal. But there's no other way. If you go inside his soul, you won't be able to hold out. And even if you do, you won't be able to go to heaven. Your way to heaven will get blocked. I don't care. Let me go inside. If you get agitated, your soul won't leave your body. You just need to stay comfortable and think of it as taking a nap. Once I call out your soul, it will come out from the center of your face. If you fail to enter his body as soon as that happens, you'll end up dying right away. Are you ready? He's guarding the body. What should I do? If I just leave him like this, he's going to die. Pil-seong. Pil-seong. What? Are you okay? Stay still. You shouldn't be moving right now. What about Detective Kim Nak-cheon? My gosh, that asshole... Goodness. Don't go in there. I can see everything you see. Hwang Dae-du. Where is he? Listen to me carefully. You're in his soul right now. It's not reality. Hwang Dae-du is unconscious right now, so you're able to control his soul. What do you mean? It means you have full control over Hwang Dae-du's soul until he regains consciousness. I can't find him for you. So you need to find him yourself. If you concentrate and project your thoughts, you'll be able to take yourself to the time or place you wish to go. The best thing you can do is to find his soul before he wakes up and get rid of it. No, I can't do that. I need to find out where Ji-hang is. That won't be easy. In order to do that, you need to fight his soul. But you're not strong enough to oppress his soul. On top of that, you're actually in his soul right now. I only came in here for one reason! All I need to do is save Ji-hang! Detective Kim. It's too dangerous. I must go back to his childhood. He has OCD, so he wouldn't have hidden her somewhere unfamiliar. I'm sure he hid her at a place that he knows. His evil ego and values were formed back when he was a child. So if I meet his younger self, I'll be able to find out where he hid Ji-hang. Then keep this in mind. The moment you find out where your daughter is, you must kill Hwang Dae-du's soul right away. Then all the souls that were locked inside will be set free. We don't have time. You must hurry. I guess I have to say goodbye now. It's a pity that I have to throw him away. I can't find him for you. So you need to find him yourself. I must go back to his childhood. You must kill Hwang Dae-du's soul. We don't have time. You must hurry. No. Watch out! I want you to come into my body. Kim Nak-cheon. You always go beyond my expectations. Kang Pil-seong. You'll end up falling in love with me because your girl will be inside me. I want to watch you suffer in pain for a very long time. Don't look into his eyes! 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 