Nature Cat: Season 1, Episode 13 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Nature Cat 
 s1e13 - Happy Halentine's Day/The Groundhog Way - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Nature Cat (2015–…): Season 1, Episode 13 - Happy Halentine's Day/The Groundhog Way - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 That's me, Fred the housecat. When my family leaves for the day, I don't just sit inside watching the world go by. I become... Nature Cat, backyard explorer extraordinaire! ♪ Oh, go go go ♪ Tally-ho! ♪ Go go go ♪ Tally-ho! ♪ We're climbing up the trees now ♪ ♪ We're swinging through the breeze now ♪ 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 ♪ We're getting muddy knees now ♪ ♪ With Nature Cat ♪ ♪ Nature Cat, Nature Cat ♪ ♪ Nature Cat, Nature Cat, Nature Cat ♪ ♪ So what are we waiting for? ♪ ♪ We're so excited to explore ♪ ♪ All that nature has in store with Nature Cat ♪ ♪ Go go go ♪ Tally-ho! ♪ Go go go ♪ Tally-ho! ♪ He's our favourite nature guide ♪ ♪ We just can't wait to get-- ♪ Outside! 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 ♪ We're swinging through the trees now ♪ ♪ We're jumping in the leaves now ♪ ♪ We're getting muddy knees now ♪ With Nature Cat! Tally-ho! ♪ Nature Cat, Nature Cat, Nature Cat ♪ Tally-ho! Happy Valentine's Day! Happy Valentine's Day to you, Nature Cat! And a happy Valentine's Day to both of you! Hey! Where's Hal? Hey, yeah, he loves Valentine's Day more than anyone! Yeah, gotta give him a Valentine's Day hug... HAL: Tah-deeee! Happy Valentine's Day to one and all! Wheeee! Group Valentines Day hug! Love the costume, Hal! Thank you, I made it myself! Oh boy, I just love Valentines Day! Oh I can't wait to celebrate like I always do; handing out cards and flowers and candy to all my valentines... And ending the day with a special delivery of love for my mommy! I can't wait to give her... Oh no! I forgot! Forgot what? To buy all my valentine cards and flowers and candy! Oh no, I've ruined Valentine's Day. Don't worry. You haven't, Hal. There's plenty of time to go to the store and buy everything you need! Okay! Then what are we waiting for? Let's go! Wait wait wait, hold it! I just remembered something. What, that you forgot to buy presents too? No. You know, come to think of it, I saw someone put a lot of Valentines Day stuff out in the trash can the day after. Seemed like a big waste... Hmmm, now that you mention it, Squeeks... Daisy and I saw lots of Valentine's Day trash too. Cards, flowers, plastic wrappers. Oh yeah! I remember too! All that garbage for just one day. All that plastic garbage really should be recycled. Or reused. And all that paper and cardboard just thrown out. Paper comes from nature's trees! We shouldn't waste it like that. Oh no, oh no, oh no! I can't give Valentine's Day stuff that wastes so much plastic and paper. Man-oh-man, this is not good. Well, how are we supposed to celebrate Valentine's Day now? HAL: We aren't. As much as I love loving love, I love loving nature more. And if Valentine's Day makes that much waste, then... We're never celebrating it again! No, Hal, wait! It's your favorite holiday! And you have so much love to give, Hal! We have to do something! Hmm. We just need to think think think. Ha! Look at this! Nature's own Valentine! Hal can reuse these leaves to make Valentines! Hey, that leaf looks like a heart! Good going, tree, you made the perfect valentines! And there are plenty of them, even for Hal! Fear not, Hal! We're here to save Valentine's Day! It's okay, Nature Cat. I'm putting all my holiday energy into National Rawhide Chewie Day. I'm giving up on Valentine's Day... Give up? Never! What? I give you... A Nature Valentine's Day! A whoozywhatsy? And who recycles and reuses better than nature? All the love and none of the waste this Valentine's Day! And all the Valentine's Days hereafter! Evermore... forever... You get my drift, heh heh. I want to believe you but... I love everybody a lot! And I don't want them to be disappointed if I give them... Something like this? Ooh, a heart! Oh! That's so valentiney! Or this?! Yes yes yes! All are 100% au natural! You're right! Maybe it'll work! We have a lot of valentines to decorate. Tally ho! OpenSubtitles recommends using Nord VPN from 3.49 USD/month ----> osdb.link/vpn HAL: We did it! Oh, wait, one more. To Hal. Love Hal. Okay, now I'm ready! Valentine's Day, here I come! ♪ Everyone LOVED the leaf cards! Our Nature Valentine's Day has been a big time success. It's not over yet! I still have my most important delivereeeeeek! You okay, Hal? What's a delivereeeeeeeek? Every year I buy my mommy the most bestest card, and the most beautifulist roses! But this year, what have I got for her? Nothing! I've got nothing! No you don't, Hal! If we made hundreds of valentines with no waste, some green gifts for your mommy will be a-- A-- (Snapping) Thank you, Squeeks! Now then, we can do this, Hal! All we have to do is... Should have thought this through before the big proclamation. Heh heh. Oh, I have an idea! You could cut out pictures from one of these old magazines and make a collage card. Ooo! Hound in Garden, that's her favorite! Where are my safety scissors? Oh! Collages are so underrated! Hey, guys! If you think collages are cool, check this out! Ta-da! An empty water bottle? What a great gift! Hear me out-- crazy idea, what if we put water in it? Use your scissors to cut off the top. A spy glass? No, look! A vase! Even better! And here's a crafty tip! You can use the extra pages to make paper flowers! With a hint of lavender aroma so they smell like the real thing! And they'll last longer than real flowers! But what if my mommy doesn't like handmade flowers as much as the real ones I usually give her? She loves you, Hal! So if it comes from your heart and your own two paws, your mom will love whatever you make for her. I guess you're right, Nature Cat. I'd better get working! My mommy's house is right over here... Mommy! Happy Valentine's Day Hally! Happy Valentine's Day! I'm so happy you and your friends came to visit me, Hally. Mom, I just go by Hal now... Thank you for your kind hospitality, Ms. Hal's Mom. So, I, uh, you know how I usually buy you flowers and a card and fancy candy? Yes. And I always appreciate it. I know, and-- Hey, Nature Cat, are you sure this is a good idea? Maybe the store still has, I don't know, like, a-- Go on, Hal. She'll love it. Right. Right. Okay. Mommy, this year we decided to do a Nature Valentine's Day. So instead of buying stuff that would just get thrown away, I made these for you. A homemade vase with newspaper flowers. And... "I love you, Mommy. Love, Hal." So... do you like it? No... I love it! You spent so much time and effort to make these wonderful gifts just for me! This is the best Valentine's Day ever! And now I have a few surprise gifts for all of you! A gift certificate for one nature adventure of your choice, led by yours truly! Thanks, Nature Cat. So sweet! Here's a picture I took of each of you on one of our adventures this year. Happy Valentine's day! And I wanted to give each of you a favorite rock from my collection. I found them in your favorite spots. The forest, your garden, and the creek! You know us so well. Okay, my turn! My turn! A daisy for Daisy. Aw, for my garden! A drawing for Nature Cat. I love it, Hal! And for Squeeks. Oh, Hal, it's beautiful and it's a snack at the same time! I love it! So yummy! Happy Valentine's Day! Or better yet, Halentine's Day! Because nobody loves love more than our friend Hal. ♪ Hal always knows what to say ♪ ♪ To brighten up a rainy day ♪ ♪ His friendship blows the clouds away ♪ ♪ And that's why this is Halentine's Day ♪ ♪ Halentine's Day, oh Halentine's Day ♪ ♪ It's on the day of Valentine's Day ♪ ♪ But we love Hal in a special way ♪ ♪ So now we celebrate Halentine's Day ♪ ♪ When Hal's around, everything's okay ♪ ♪ He can always sniff out the right way ♪ ♪ Hal can sit and shake and even stay ♪ ♪ And that's why this is Halentine's Day! ♪ ♪ Everybody now! ♪ ♪ Halentine's Day, oh Halentine's Day ♪ ♪ It's on the day of Valentine's Day ♪ ♪ But we love Hal in a special way ♪ ♪ So now we celebrate Halentine's Day ♪ ♪ If you ever need a sunny ray ♪ ♪ Just go find Hal, no day is gray ♪ ♪ When he's around, and so I say ♪ ♪ That's why this is Halentine's Day... ♪ ♪ Yes, this is Halentine's Day ♪ DAISY: Man-oh-man! We've had so much fun this winter! This winter has been sensational! And it's not done yet! My sledding birthday party is in two days and it's gonna be another winter-iffic winter day! Hooray! Hey guys! Might not be as much winter left as you think. Warm spring weather might come early this year! If spring comes early then it'll be warmer and then all the snow will melt and then we can't sled at my sledding birthday party and then I'll be so sad! Well, how do we know if Spring's warm weather is coming early? Well, we're in luck, you guys. 'Cause it's Groundhog Day! It's Groundhog Day?! Today?! ♪ It's Groundhog Day! ♪ ♪ It's Groundhog Day! ♪ ♪ It's Groundhog Day! ♪ ♪ Hooray! Every year on February 2nd, the groundhog comes out of its hole to let everyone know if spring's coming early! The groundhog knows all! Whoa! Sweet! When does Groundhog Day start? Right now! Over in the woods! Then, it's time to find out if spring will come early! Onward and yonward to Groundhog Day! Oh, Spring just can't come early this year! It can't! Hey-oooo! It's Grrrooundhog Day! Oh yeah! I'm honored to introduce the legend that makes this whole thing possible! The man of the hour, the talk of the town, the rodent of the moment, here he is... The Groundhoooggg! (Cheering) I said... The Groundhooog!!! Uh... Groundhog? GROUNDHOG: Nobody's home. Really. I'm not even here. Nobody's here right now. This is a recording. Okay, groundhog, I know you're in there. Come out. It's your day today! Hey. Aren't you coming out? No. Why not? Because I'm no good, that's why! Look, you gotta get someone else to do my job. Please! (Gasping) Okay, wait, hold on a sec-- No. I'm not good. My record doesn't lie. In the last 10 years, I've been right five times and wrong five times. I'm getting a stomach ache just thinking about it. Sorry... What about knowing if Spring will come early? Spring just can't come early! If it does, then it'll be warmer and then all the snow will melt and then we can't sled at my sledding birthday party and then I'll be so sad! What are we going to do? When's spring coming? Now we'll never know! Friends and neighbors! I, Nature Cat, am here to save the day! I will predict whether spring will be early this year, or winter hangs on! (Cheering) Okay, Nature Cat, so what's your prediction? Why, MC Ferret, that is an excellent question. That I will gladly answer... later today! RONALD: Can I have your attention please?! Ronald... I'm going to give my own weather prediction later too! And it's gonna be the correct weather prediction! Ho ho ho. We'll see about that, Ronald! Oh yeah, we sure will see about that, Nature Cat! You heard it here, folks, come back later to hear Nature Cat's and Ronald's prediction! Who will be right?! (Cheering) What did I get myself into? I like saving the day and all, but I don't know how to predict the arrival of spring like the groundhog! What was I thinking? You just need to stop thinking... let things happen... and be the groundhog. Be the groundhog? How? Simple, my friend. It's all about the shadows. Shadows? Yep, when the groundhog sees his shadow, it means six more weeks of winter. If he doesn't see his shadow, it's an early spring! See my shadow, huh? (Laughing) Easy as pie! I can do that! Okay, hmm. I see my shadow! Ha ha! More winter to come! Well, I gotta tell ya that was easy! Oh. Wait, no, sorry. No shadow. My bad. Early spring it is! No, hold on, new development, now there is a shadow-- and immediately no shadow. Wow, okay. So... Shadow. No shadow. Shadow. No shadow. Ahhh! What is going on here? Oh, it's the clouds. They're making your shadow appear and disappear... Hey, am I the only one that is, like, super confused right now? Right?! No wonder the groundhog wasn't very successful at predicting! (Ronald laughing) Ronald! Well, hello, Nature Cat. Shadow problems? (Chuckling) Yes. I mean, no! Maybe! Shadows are no way to predict spring's arrival. And what, pray tell, makes you so qualified? My great, great, great, great grandfather wrote the book on predicting seasons and weather! Pshaw! That's just an expression. "If on Sunday rain there be, expect the week more rain to see." Boom! Take that! Oh, come on, Ronald, just 'cause it rains on a Sunday doesn't mean it's going to rain the whole week! I'm not buying what you're selling. Or this one! "When grass is eaten by a dog, there will be a lot of fog..." Boom shakalaka! I don't know how a dog eating grass has anything to do with weather. Those are just old myths! And they're kinda ridiculous. We'll see who's kinda ridiculous when I win! Ridiculous?! Ha! Ha! Ronald's actually right. Shadows are no way to predict the weather. What am I gonna do now? I can't let the neighborhood animals down! Oh, I know! Last year, my dad and I looked for signs of spring and we found lots in nature that told us spring was coming! Yes! Yes! Yes! Nature always has the answer! Let the nature hunt for Spring clues begin! Tally ho! So last year when spring was coming, we saw... Birds back from their winters spent down south... Sap started oozing out of trees. We saw crocus flowers pushing up through the melting snow. And tiny buds growing on trees. Huh. It doesn't look like any birds have come back yet for spring. No sap oozing there. And I don't see any of those crocus flowers anywhere! No buds, either. Well, no early signs of spring today. Are there any more clues out here? Whoa! Feel that? It just got a little colder! And cloudier! Whoa... The wind's coming from over there now! Oh! Nature Cat, these just might be the clues you need! According to this, a sudden change in temperature and wind direction means the weather might change too! It could be just what you wanted, Hal! A snow storm! Well, I may not be able to predict if spring will come early, but I can make a weather prediction for today-- snow! Come on! Onward and yonward! Okay! It's time to celebrate Groundhog Day, but this year we have two cats predicting the weather. Go figure! Nature Cat...! And his opponent: Ronald! Who's ready for spring? (Cheering) Nooooo! It can't be! So is that your prediction, Ronald? It sure is. Says here, "If the nose is running, spring is coming." See? Spring is starting, tomorrow! (Cheering) Not so fast, Ronald! I, Nature Cat, predict that we are not done with winter just yet! I may not know what the weather will be in six weeks, but I can say with some confidence that we will see more snow! Woohoo! It's a battle for the ages, folks. Is it an early spring? Or will winter hang on? Where'd you get your prediction, Nature Cat? From nature! We saw the temperature drop suddenly, the wind change direction, and those dark clouds roll in! It's a recipe for snow! That means nothing, and this is no contest. Spring! CROWD: Spring! Spring! Spring! RONALD: That's right, Nature Cat! Spring is here to-- Huh?! But... but... It's supposed to be spring. Thank you, Nature Cat, for your correct afternoon weather prediction! And I couldn't have done it without my friends! (Cheering) Happy Birthday, Hal! Yeah! Happy Birthday to Hal! Oh wait, that's me! Wheeeee! I'm not giving up! Spring's coming! It's coming, I tell you! (Screaming) Ha ha! I'd rather play in the weather than predict it! Woo-hoo! HAL: Best birthday ever! I'm so happy! (Laughing) NARRATOR: Nature Cat, Squeeks, ♪ OpenSubtitles recommends to be fit Reshape Weight Loss App: osdb.link/fit  
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 