Siberia: Season 1, Episode 4 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Siberia 
 s1e4 - Fire in the Sky - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Siberia (2013–…): Season 1, Episode 4 - Fire in the Sky - full transcript 
 A mysterious light appears in the Siberian night sky and seems to alter the intimate relationships that the contestants are beginning to form. At the same time, Sam offers Daniel advice on his love life; Natalie sends mixed emotions to Anne-Marie; Carolina reveals some big news to Johnny; and Neeko tries to take control of his fellow players. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Previously on Siberia... (Indistinct shouting) A tiger! A fucking tiger! I couldn't believe it. It was like something a seven year old would tell me... "Oh, I saw a tiger in the woods..." - What are you doing? - Wondering what would do that to a tiger. Oh, hell. It's on fire... and it's green... - What's on fire? - The sky. You know, there's something about Carolina. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 I feel like I recognize her. - Fire in the woods, man. - (Man) Got to get some water. I told you this was a mistake! That's all we had, man. That's all we had. Does anyone recognize this? We found Johnny's shirt. And it was full of food from the shed. (Johnny) I get what it looks like. I see that. But I didn't steal the food, and I didn't burn down the shed. Someone obviously doesn't like me, and they're trying to set me up. People weren't taking too kindly me being at camp 'cause apparently I stole food from the shed and then burned it down. Someone framed me. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 They wrapped my shirt around some food, hid it in the woods. I don't know who did it. You know, frankly, I don't really care anymore, you know? I don't really need them anyways. You know, obviously, I can take care of myself. Took them how long to build a fire? I did it in five minutes in the dark. (Daniel) I can't believe Johnny's gonna just stay out in the woods. That's crazy. And why shouldn't he? After all the crap that he's pulled? He'll be fine. And if he's not, you got a better chance of winning. And you can keep his bed. I want to make it to the end, but I want to do it as a team, kind of like how Neeko's doing it, you know? Can I tell you something? (Daniel) Sure. You're a smart guy. You know that Neeko is a professional athlete? He plays game for living. How about maybe he's playing this game that he's a very nice guy, everybody trusts him, just to win the game? Have you ever thought about it? I don't think you should trust him. (Sam) Can't trust anybody. Guys? I get up early, and as soon as I open the door, I practically ran into this spear that's stuck in the ground. It felt like a threat. Let me see. (Woman) What does it say? It says... (Speaks Russian) (Woman) What is that? It means "get out." It's just another thing to throw on the pile of what the hell's going on here. It's a nice prop. Look at it. It's not real. Nice scare tactic. They're watching. I'm sure they're loving this. (Woman) Why is it in front of our cabin and not yours? Who wants you guys to get out? (Man) Well, this is here on purpose. That's for sure. It's here on purpose. It's here for a reason. You guys gonna be so gullible to fall for this, really? (Daniel) Who else could've left that spear? Besides Production, who could've done it? We're the only people out here. Aren't we? ♪ Sync and corrections by n17t01 www.addic7ed.com - Are you okay? - I'm fine. I mean, aren't you still scared? The spear this morning telling us to leave? That doesn't scare you at all? I think, at this point, it's just all mind games. I miss home. I miss my family. I even miss my stupid ex-boyfriend. This place is-- it's getting to me. I don't know. I'm thinking about pushing the button. I don't want you to go. You know what I mean? I think-- I think we can win this. We just need to-- But I don't need to stay. I don't understand why I'm even staying. I don't need the money that badly. I do. Annie. (Sam) I've been a lone wolf for a while, you know? I've been on my own for a while. I'm probably, without knowing it, less lonely than I have been in a long time because I'm interacting with people more often than I have in many years. Now I consider Daniel a friend. He's a good kid. If I had a son, I'd be proud if he was like Daniel. What are you looking at? - Just watching those two. - Mm-hmm. (Daniel) I don't want to overstep my bounds, you know. I don't know how she feels about me, and so I'm just kind of-- I'm taking it slow, but at the same time, it's really hard 'cause I really want to, you know, see where this is gonna go. I don't know. At the same time, I don't want to get hurt. Don't worry. She knows you exist. How would I really get her to? I don't know, like... Get her to what? Like me like me. You can't get her to like you. Either she does or she doesn't. You know? (Laughs) How beautiful is it? This is so nice. _ Why not? _ (Laughs) I'm sorry. I'm being naughty. It's beautiful in, though. _ You must be hot. Come on. _ _ - No one's here. - It's trouble. No one's here. I'm not gonna tell anyone. You want to come. - Oh, yeah? - No good... _ _ You'll thank me once you're in here. It's beautiful. _ Careful. _ I'm gonna film us. _ (Laughs) It's a great idea. (Laughs) You promise you'll erase it? _ - Promise me? - I promise. Good. Annie? Wait, Annie. You shouldn't be walking out here alone. It's not safe. _ What are you talking about? Come on, it's not safe. Stop. Wait. Don't be like this. Be like what? Look, I-- (Sighs) It's not the same thing for me, okay? I'm not going back to a life or a job that I like or family or friends or even an ex-boyfriend, and I get that you're sad about that. But you're forgetting about who's here for you right now, and you're turning your back on me. No, I'm not. (Annie) I like her. It's been a while since I've been with anybody, but I-- We get along so well. I just feel like a dumbass now. I mean, she's probably not gonna talk to me for the rest of the time, if she does stay. - Hey. - (Irene) Hey. - There you are. - (Irene) How's it going? Good. I just wanted to talk to you. Uh-huh? Um, so, Victoria's gone. Um, I'm just wondering what's going on with her bed. Oh, it's-- well, it's free right now. So no one would mind if I moved in? Um... yeah, yeah. I mean, I don't mind. I don't know what the other girls other think, but it's good with me. (Esther) Awesome. All right, I'll go grab my things. It's not that I didn't have fun with the boys. I don't know. I just feel like my time there is done. It's served its purpose, and I want to-- I want to get to know the girls a bit better. - (Miljan) Hey. - Hey. - (Miljan) What are you doing? - I'm leaving. You mean the show? (Esther) (Laughs) No, you idiot. I'm gonna move into Victoria's old bed. Wait. Why? Why? Because it's free. (Miljan) I know, but I thought you liked it here with me. You said we are great roommates. Yes, we were, and thank you for letting me stay. Just, I don't know. I want to be with the girls now. Come on, Esther. Don't you think we should team up? (Esther) (Laughs) We are both smarter than everyone else here. We can win this thing-- together. Ohh, I like your style. I will think about it. But hold on. Hold on. Hold on. I was just thinking that we could have something... (Esther) You thought what? That we could get romantic a little bit? (Esther) (Laughs) (Miljan) Don't laugh. Really? I don't do romance. Look, we're playing a game. (Miljan) What do you mean? (Esther) I'm playing a game-- for money. I don't do romance, and I'm not playing a dating game. I'm sorry. Fuck you, bitch! Fuck you, bitch! You're not going anywhere. Get the fuck off me! (Miljan) I'm kidding. (Laughing) I was just kidding, Esther. I'm just kidding. Esther. (Esther) Don't you fucking touch me again. (Miljan) Come on! I'm just-- I was just kidding! (Esther) I think I was in shock. I-I don't know. It happened so quickly. But he grabbed me here, pushed me up against the bunk, and then he backed off. (Miljan) Esther is a player. We all know that. And I played with her, too. So she was on the way out. I just pushed her a little bit on the bed, just jokingly, like pretending that I'm like scaring her. "You're gonna stay here," or something. She just, like, freaked out. She pushed me away. She's like, "don't talk to me like that." Stormed out, like mad. And I was just telling her, "I'm joking. You know me. I always joke around. I was just joking with you." I didn't get it, seriously. She just freaked out, and it was just a pure joke. What are you showing me? It was right here. (Carolina) Are you sure? (Neeko) Big huge carcass. Guts hanging out and everything. Look. Look at what? The blood? It could've been anything. It could've been a bird. It could've been a deer. (Neeko) Why would I make this up? Why would I lie? There was a huge-- there was a huge tiger there. I guess they took it. The producers took it. The producers? I think she thinks that I could've been trying to scare her, play a sick joke on her. I was kind of a bit shocked because I didn't think she saw me as that kind of person. For all I know, Johnny took it. (Carolina) Johnny took it? He probably dragged it off into there and hid it or something. I don't know. (Carolina) Oh, now Johnny does everything? Not only do we have to worry about the producers playing mind games with us, we got to worry about that guy. Hopefully he's done us all a favor and gone and pushed the button to get out of here. I don't think he's as bad as you think. Why are you always defending him? Why are you always defending him? I'm telling you that guy's dangerous. You need to watch yourself! I'm kind of baffled where it's gone, you know, 'cause this thing was pretty big, you know. It would've taken a lot of force or something pretty hefty to get it out of there, and there was no trail. There was no kind of like a trail of where it could've been dragged to. It's like it was almost picked up and gone. Got some traps set up along this way somewhere. I found some deer trails I scouted earlier. Hope they catch something. The first night in the woods by myself was pretty awesome, actually. Had a nice little fire. Weather was nice. You know, wrapped up. It was nice being on my own. It's what I wanted to do originally, too, is, you know, be by myself, take care of myself, do my own thing, and I got that, so pretty content. What the hell did this, man? This thing's... I mean, it, obviously, it ripped the deer while it was standing here. It was strong enough to rip it off-- rip the, like, rip its bone in half. (Crack) What do you want? What are you doing? (Johnny) I'm trying to catch some food, but something got to it before me, it looks like. What do you want? I just came to try to convince you to come back. (Johnny) Try to convince me to come back, to the camp? Yeah, I don't think it's safe for you to be out here. I think it's safer here than being back at camp where a bunch of people don't like me thanks to you, making those wild accusations. Just, whatever happened, I don't think it's safe for you to stay out here. Well, you know what? I really don't need you trying to be nice to me. I'll be fine on my own, okay? I can take care of myself. Y'all try taking care of yourselves, too, all right? (Carolina) Okay, fine. If that's how you want to be, then fine. (Johnny) Fine. Nah, that's-- that's not good enough. That ain't good enough. (Daniel) Hey, Irene. Hey, Dan. Whatcha doing? Collecting some acorns. - Oh. - Yeah. If you mash them up, you can make like a paste and make a pancake out of it. - Really? - Yeah. Is it-- does it taste good? I think so. You want me to help? Oh, sure. That'd be great. Yeah. They're kind of scattered all over. Daniel is a really, really nice, really sweet person, and he has such a gentle-- a very gentle spirit, I guess you can say. Hey. It's a Siberian squill. (Irene) I'm not really big on flowers. Why not? Well, you know, they're pretty, but it's kind of odd, the whole idea of someone giving someone a flower 'cause it's like, "Oh, you know, I like you, so let me give you something that's dying." It never really made sense to me. (Chuckles) Something more permanent would be nice, you know, even a rock would be better. (Daniel) She's got so much complexity to her, you know? I find out something new about her every day, it seems like, and it's a pretty big thing that I would've never expected out of her. It's... (Chuckles) She's just-- she's amazing. (Both chuckle) Where are we? I can't find the path. We're lost. - We're not lost. - No, we're lost. I don't know where we're going. (Miljan) In the middle of the wood, very close to the river, I found this really weird-looking tree. I mean, it wasn't a tree. It was something different. It had a face shape. It had hair. What? My name is Miljan. It's really nice to meet you. (Chuckles) What is your name? Ogdee? (Laughs) This is my friend Ogdee. We go way back, man. (Laughs) He's so bad. I spoke to it. We had a little conversation. Ogdee is my old friend from high school. (Laughs) I'm kidding. - (Man) Esther. Esther. - What? _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ (Esther) Hey. Where have you been? Out. Out? Where do you go all day, anyway? (Whispering) Okay. I can't believe you got us so lost. We're not lost. Yes, we are. Where are we? Do you know where we are? We're in Siberia. Not funny. Oh, God! What is that? Did you hear that? I heard it. Come on. There might be something out here. Come on. Oh! Oh, God! What are you doing out here? Sorry. I'm going to get water. Where are you going? Home-- where the hell is it? That way. Why is she being such a bitch? Why are you here, by the way, alone? No reason. Uh-huh. That's suspicious. (Annie) Shut up, Miljan. (Chuckles) (Neeko) Guys, have you seen Carolina? (Sam) No. She hasn't come back. You mean she's not back yet? She's not back. I have no idea where she is. I haven't seen her. You do know she's out there with Johnny? Yeah, tell me about it. I know. Well, I don't know about you, but I feel like I should go and look for her. I don't-- I don't feel comfortable with her with Johnny. (Sam) Before it gets too late, I think we should. I'm game, yeah. (Neeko) - You're gonna come with me? - Yeah. (Miljan) Gentlemen. Where the hell were you? I was in the woods. Have you seen Carolina? (Neeko) She's out there with Johnny. (Miljan) Oh, she'll be fine, guys. - Come on. - Are you serious? (Miljan) Yes. They're probably having sex or something. Oh, you're a funny guy. Don't be naive. You didn't notice the chemistry they had? (Neeko) Hey, guys, listen. I'm gonna look for her. I don't know about you. Just sitting here talking. (Miljan) Hey, it's dark outside. (Rumbling) Oh, fuck! (Neeko) Get on the bed. Get onto the bed! The bed? (Miljan) Oh, my God. What is this? The cab started shaking... Ran outside, and the sky this just this odd color that I've never seen in my life, and I'm thinking it can't be the show doing this because that's way out of their powers and their control. What is it? It's like-- it's like the sky's on fire. What? It's like the sky's on fire. (Daniel) The sky went from dark to light, and it looked like it was on fire, just like Victoria said. If this is all part of the game, it's beyond me at this point. I don't understand how they could pull it off. (Sam) I feel like I'm on another planet. I feel like I walked into some kind of a dream or a nightmare, and nobody-- nobody has any answers. I don't have an answer. I could sit here all day long and just-- it's way above my pay scale. - Is it moving? - It just keeps moving. Carolina never came back today, did she? (Woman) Yeah. Where-- where are they? (Miljan) She's still in the woods-- the forest. Well, this can't stop us. We still have to find her. We can't leave her out there. We better go now. We're just gonna go look for her-- me and Sam, Daniel, Miljan as well. Oh, my God. Carolina? Carolina. Are you okay? (Indistinct shouting) (Woman) What happened? Oh, my God. Carolina! - What happened? Are you okay? - Are you okay? Then we see Carolina stumbling towards the girls' cabin, and the girls go rushing over to her. Are you hurt somewhere? - (Sam) What happened? - (Woman) Look at all the blood. What happened? She's bleeding. (Woman) Back up. Guys, don't, don't-- don't go to her. Oh, my God, look at her arm. Look at her arm. (Sam) What happened to you? You're okay. (Neeko) Carolina, what happened? (Daniel) Carolina shows up, and she's battered and disoriented. She couldn't even speak. She's trembling. (Carolina) I don't... She doesn't remember. - (Woman) You don't remember? - (Carolina cries) (Sam) What do you remember? (Natalie) She didn't know what was going on. She was saying she couldn't even, like, remember what she'd been doing out there. She was just talking nonsense, and it was really jolting to see her come back like that. _ (Woman) You were with John? - (Sam) And what happened? - (Woman) Where is he? What were you doing with Johnny? Get her some water. Get her some help. (Neeko) Carolina, were you with Johnny? (Sam) She said she was. What were you doing with Johnny? _ _ (Neeko) She said the name "Johnny." At that point, I just, you know, lost it. Listen to me. Listen to me. Listen to me. (Neeko) For what? Here, just come here. Come here. I want to say something to you. - What? - Listen to me! It's important. You got to make sure. You look at his hands. (Neeko) Okay. His hands are a tell-tale sign, okay? His hands will tell you if he did something. (Daniel) What are you doing? Where are you going? Stay here with the girls. Stay here with the girls! (Neeko) I'm not wasting any more time with this guy. Everyone wants to keep him around, thinking, "Oh, yeah, he'll turn around and be a good guy." No, I don't think so. I'm not gonna lay around waiting for him to come stab me in the back. - She's been through a lot. - Yeah. We're gonna look after you, okay? Don't worry. (Esther) We don't know where Johnny is. Carolina sort of-- she couldn't say much, but she said that she was-- they were fighting-- her and Johnny were fighting. And then, now she looks like this, so Johnny should be probably fearing for his life right now because Sam and Neeko went after him. Let's just keep moving. (Rustling) Move. Move. _ (Rustling continues) The whole walking through the woods and hearing noises coming from places that, you know-- We stop and we look, and there's nothing there. It's just this whole atmosphere that everything just feels like you're being watched, you know. Whether, you know, whether you're in the woods or in the cabin, you always feel like something is watching you, and the past two nights, I haven't slept very well, you know. So I'm just-- you know, you're always looking over your shoulder. You always think something's there, and, like, the whole thing with the sky now... I don't know. (Animal screeches) Well, he's obviously around here somewhere. (Rustling) Yes. You keep saying "he," "he." Look how thick the brush is here. If there's somebody around here, we'd see them. We hear other things. All of a sudden, something goes flying. I think we should be talking more in the sense of "what." I'll go see if the water's boiled. Thank you. (Natalie) I don't want to die. I didn't ever expect that that would be a possibility on this show, and every day that I'm here, I feel like I'm an idiot for staying, that I am gonna end up like Tommy. (Cries) I don't deal well with-- Abuse is not something that... I can handle right now. I'm scared. (Daniel) And Johnny was already on the outs with the group for stealing food. I just-- How could he do that to her? It didn't make sense. She's such a nice lady. (Footsteps) Johnny. Hey. What did you do? - Huh? - What did you do to Carolina? I don't know what you're talking about. What do you mean you don't know what I'm talking about? - What'd you do to her? - I didn't-- She's all cut up and shit. I don't-- I don't know. I... What's wrong with you? I don't know. I just-- I kind of came to. I was walking around, and... I don't know. I was-- I saw her. You saw her where? You got to tell me what happened. We were in the woods, and... I don't really-- I don't really remember. I get approached by Daniel, and basically started accusing me of hurting Carolina. I didn't know what to say. (Natalie) What did you to do her?! The last thing she remembers is getting in a fight with you, so you can't come back here and tell me that you didn't touch her! I don't. (Natalie) Then what happened to her? I don't know. That's not a very good answer right now, man. I don't-- trust me. That's not a very good answer. (Indistinct shouting in distance) Hey. You hear that? At the camp. Let's go. I don't know. Are you serious? You don't know? You're such a scumbag. Oh, what? So she just fell down and ended up that way? Are you kidding me? I was in a complete haze. I had no recollection. I was like blacked out, like I drank too much. (Daniel) He doesn't look like he knows what's going on. (Johnny) I don't. - Then what happened to her? - (Johnny) I don't know. I don't know. (Woman) You were together, weren't you? - You said that. - Shit! Neeko! Neeko! (Indistinct shouting) (Daniel) Guys, he doesn't know! (Neeko) - Motherfucker! (Daniel) - Come on! Stop it! - (Carolina) Stop! Stop it! - (Neeko) Come on! Stop it! Neeko, stop it! He didn't do it! Carolina starts screaming, "It's not him. He didn't do it." Stop it! What do you mean? You said you don't remember. You said you don't remember. (Neeko) You're a dead man. You're a fucking dead man. (Daniel) Listen. Listen. Hey, hey. Hey! Calm down. Listen. - What happened? - (Johnny) I don't know. Talk to me. I don't know. Johnny doesn't know anything? He doesn't remember anything. It was just her and him in the forest. I know that. I know that. I saw it in his eyes, okay? All I remember is I talked to her. We were arguing. And then I-I came here, and I started getting accused, and I don't even know what the fuck is going on. (Sam) If we caught him in the woods, he would've been dead. When I saw that look in his eyes, I just felt that I needed to take a step back. Remember the way she came into camp? He's got the same look on his face. (Johnny) Does she remember anything? (Woman) Show us your hands. (Woman) (Gasps) (Natalie) Oh, yeah. I've seen that before. (Woman) What's that from? (Sam) Nothing's making sense here. And just to be angry and become a bunch of animals-- We can't go killing each other. We're still human beings. (Hiss) (Talking indistinctly) (Birds chirping) I don't like things that I can't explain and that I don't have at least some sort of control over. The sky changing color and looking like fire-- the producers, the show can't do that. We're talking supernatural stuff now. Regardless of everything else, that's real, and that scared the hell out of me. (Johnny) It seems like everybody at camp was convinced that I was the person that hurt her. I've never hit a woman in my life. I don't know why I would. I don't remember anything, but... I can't say that I didn't 'cause I don't-- I don't know what happened. But I know in my heart I wouldn't do that. (Carolina) I don't remember anything. All I remember is that I was... with-- Went to get Johnny. He was in the woods. I found him, and I... It's all one big blur, like one big blackout. I have all these marks on my body, and my shirt is broken, and I don't remember. I don't understand. So you're telling me this is real. (Sabina) Yes. It looks like it's native, handmade. It looks like it's just a prop to me. Well, if it's a prop, it's really well-made 'cause you see the barbs. They're curved. That's exactly how it should look. This is ox. It's real ox. And it's balanced for throwing. It just looks perfect. It's your choice to believe in it or not, but this is real, so... I don't have to deal with lies in figuring out what is true, what is not. I have to know the environment I'm in. I have to know what's out there in order to protect myself and survive. Look at this. So, I found this symbol that is really strange. It has four lines and little triangles on the ends. Then I found another one and another one, and I realized it's a path. I should follow them. At the end, it was very close to the settlement. I found the last one. And I found this box. It was a metal box. I opened it, and it was a book. I didn't understand anything because it was in a different language. I would assume it's Russian because it's cyrillic letters. (Miljan) In the middle of me looking at it, somebody was watching at me. It was a person. He's staring at me. And he just disappeared in a second. So there are people out there. Hey. I was just gonna try and make things better, and, like, apologize, and just wanted to let her know that I didn't, you know, I didn't want to screw anything up or make anything awkward for her. I guess I was in a weird mood, and I just want to apologize because I don't want to make you feel uncomfortable or anything, because I'm really glad you're-- (Natalie) When I realized what Annie's real feelings were for me, I just thought... "I'm sort of open to love in any form right now." So I kissed her. (Chuckles) Which I kind of surprised myself at, to be honest. (Laughs) Don't worry about it. Hey. Hey. Can I have a seat? How are you feeling? I'm okay. You? I wanted to go check on her to see how she was doing 'cause I knew she had scratches and stuff on her, and she was sure freaked out like I was. (Carolina) Do you remember anything from last night? No. I don't remember a thing. I don't remember anything either. But I know you didn't hurt me. I would never hurt you. ♪ (Man) ♪ people in life, they will come and go ♪ ♪ like the boats sailing by my door ♪ ♪ you can be the ocean, you can be the shore ♪ ♪ this mystery wind, she will always blow ♪ ♪ don't worry, don't worry, dear, no more ♪ ♪ and now your message in a bottle ♪ ♪ is being tumbled in the beach flies ♪ ♪ you can be the lilies in the fields ♪ ♪ I'll be the fool ♪ ♪ but don't worry, don't worry, dear, no more ♪ ♪ trouble in life, it will come and go ♪ (Johnny) Can I ask you something, though? Why'd you set me up? With the shed and the food? She couldn't even look me in the eye. And I was like, "Well..." I was like, "It tells me all I need to know," so I was like-- got the hell out of there. Johnny. Johnny. (Spanish) Stop, please. Johnny, wait for me. - Give me a break. (Spanish) Oh, my God. - (Daniel) Hey. I know that. I know that. - Johnny. - I know that. You're an actress. She said, like, this slogan. Like, "I know that. I know that from somewhere." And then it just-- the light bulb went off. Yeah, that's like your slogan. She's that actress from that show that-- I'm like, "That's how I know you." I didn't want to do that. I didn't want-- I asked them. You didn't want to do what? I didn't want to burn it down. I didn't want to set you up. They told me to. Who's they? The producers. So you're-- you're helping the show? Sync and corrections by n17t01 www.addic7ed.com 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 