Siberia: Season 1, Episode 1 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Siberia 
 s1e1 - Pilot - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Siberia (2013–…): Season 1, Episode 1 - Pilot - full transcript 
 Sixteen reality-show contestants arrive in a Siberian forest and quickly discover the adventure is not what they signed up for. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 16 total strangers stand before you ready to take on the most extreme adventure ever created. In this real-life social experiment, there are no games, no votes, and above all else, no rules. They may do whatever they have to to win a $500,000 prize. And the only way out is to forfeit and go home. Eight hours ago, these adventurers boarded a private plane in London 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 with no knowledge of where they were going. Their adventure begins now. You may remove your blindfolds. Contestants, you are about to participate in an unprecedented adventure. Nothing of its kind has ever been attempted before. And the playing field? One of the most remote and foreboding places in the world-- the Siberian wilderness. 500 miles of dense woodlands surround you in all directions. This region of Russia is so remote, that there are no roads to connect the cities. Most places are only accessible via helicopter. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 You have surrendered all modern conveniences. You will now attempt to live as people did here 100 years ago. Your goal? To survive until the end of winter. Those of you who remain until then will have 500,000 dollars to divide amongst yourselves. Do whatever you need to do to get there. The choice is yours. In this experiment, you'll be allowed to govern yourselves completely with no interference and no help. We will abandon you with a camera crew to document your adventure, but the world you know is gone-- slate wiped clean, and you will start a new civilization. - Are you ready to begin? - Yes. - Yeah. - Yeah. Okay. 2 miles due east... are the remains of a primitive settlement, an outpost where fur traders would stop to barter their wares. But one day in 1908, this settlement was found abandoned, fire still burning, food still cooking in pots, but its 14 inhabitants had mysteriously disappeared, never to be seen again. We've recreated this settlement exactly as it was 100 years earlier. We only hope that you don't suffer the same fate as the previous residents. Through the woods, red flags marked the path taken by the fur traders to find the settlement. You will follow this same path. However, at the end of the day, only 14 of you will remain. The last two to arrive will be sent home immediately. So get there as quickly as you can, and find yourself a place to live, because this will be your home for the duration. Fortunately, you've all packed for a wilderness vacation. However, there is a twist. On this show, your bags will not be joining you. What? You will be competing with just the clothes on your back. - Are you ready? - Yeah. Yeah. Then the game has begun. Go! In darker times, Siberia was the location of the gulags, prison camps that needed no fences, because escape into the formidable woods was futile. Natives named this region The Valley Of Death. Tunguska is the location of one of the most mysterious events in recent history. It was feared by the locals as a cursed place. This is where our contestants will compete to see if they have the strength physically and mentally to endure. This is Siberia. Sync and corrections by n17t01 www.addic7ed.com As soon as Jonathon said "Go"... I think it was a bit late off my mark. I was in the last position for a quite a while, so I was a little worried. This guy's pretty fast-- uh, Johnny. When I looked up and started running, all I saw was him in front of me, and in my mind, I-I knew that I had to just keep up with him and not be one of the last two, or it was game over. We came to this one flag, and everyone kept on running just the obvious path-- wide-open path. And in a game like this, you have to make your own choices. You choose to follow someone, or you choose to make your own path. She was faster than half of the guys out here. She's just kind of this-- this warrior viking princess. That's one of the reasons that I was following her. Right after we dropped the blindfolds and he said "Go," I turned around, just bolted and started looking for flags and had one guy trailing pretty close behind me, but, you know, for the most part, I whipped everyone's ass. We still had all our layers on from being on the flight and everything, so it was getting hot, and everyone was getting tired. - The two boys are ahead. - I think they took a shortcut. Three are missing. You know, there's something about Carolina. I-I feel like I recognize her. I just can't figure out from where. When I heard, uh, Neeko kind of fall in there, I think he might have been doing some laps. Come on, let's go. I didn't exactly start off with a bang. - Hey, guys. - Guys. Come on. We got a man down. And, uh, I saw that he had fallen, so I went back and got him. Try to put some pressure on it. A little bit of pressure. - All right, well, don't put some pressure. - All right. We're gonna get you there either way. I think it's really honorable that, you know, he really took the time to help someone else, even though it meant it could be the end of his role in the game. Being nice is one thing, but we can't forget that this is a competition. Of course I was trying to throw them off the course. They were just begging me to just take it out and get rid of it. What are you doing? Are you allowed to do that? We all want to win, but we do have to play it fair. I believe in life you have to play fair to win, and then life rewards you back. Then I see the settlement, and I'm like, you know, "touchdown, I made it." And, uh, I just went straight to one cabin. Taking this one here. I know a lot of people are making a big mess about being out here 'cause they're all from the city, but, you know, I feel kind of at ease. I grew up on the farm and outside, so it's not really a big deal to me. I kind of enjoy it, actually. I open the door and I see, uh, that Sabina just sat down on the bed. I see that you got here first, huh? How did she... get here before me? We had to go through mud pits. We had no idea what's inside the river. Aah! I don't run too fast. The last two back at the camp go home. I think we were, like, number two or three, like leading the pack. I swear I saw this rock. Are you sure you know where you're going? I thought I was. We were running. We were on a good path. But, um, we certainly just were met with these huge forests. I'm pretty sure we came this way already. Okay. Let's go back. We got lost, obviously uh, the size is a little disappointing but... - Ah! - Whoo! - I can't believe we made it! - Home sweet home! I think we have arrived! Whoo! When I made it, I was so incredibly relieved. I was so extremely overwhelmed and happy. Honey, I'm home! Yeah, when we got there, it was-- it was a relief. And then we saw the cabins, and that was a relief, too. It felt really good to arrive at the settlement, especially after our trek there-- a huge sigh of relief. But also I was really impressed with what they had given us. I thought maybe we might be in huts or, you know, imagining what it could look like. And it was a-- it's actually a pretty self-sufficient little settlement. I'm taking this bed if nobody minds. - It smells in there. - Anything not claimed? - There are floors. - I'm gonna get this one. You made it so quick. What's your name? - I'm Sabina. - Hi, Sabina. I'm Carolina. - Nice to meet you. - Nice to meet you. Okay. Oh, and... I will take... - I will take this one. - Hey. - There are just two guys here? - Yeah. - And it's nine or ten of us? - Uh-huh. So we are missing, what, four or five more people? - Yeah, how many are we missing? - It was-- it was 16. Anybody get hurt on the way? - Yeah, a little bit. - The kid with the glasses turned his, uh... - Kid with the glasses? - Yeah. Couple ankle tweaks, I think. Yeah, well, survival of the fittest, right? One less person to worry about. Nobody really gave a crap except Tommy. Tommy came back for me, and I was telling him, "There's no way you're gonna-- you're gonna carry me all the way to this camp. We don't even know how far it is." Dan had the mentality that I was just gonna leave him in a swamp somewhere. We don't know where we are. Uh... If I already carried you 3/4 of a mile, I'm not gonna stop just because we're at a bog and leave you here now. I mean, I already put that energy in. I'm gonna see it through. It was just at a point where where I was kind of realizing, hey, we might not make it. - I'm pretty sure we're lost. - No, we're not lost. That was his choice. I didn't ask him to come with me. Got it. We decided to go back. We followed exactly where all the people went. We looked for the flag. There was no flag. Until we actually found it. So someone cheated and took the flag and threw it away. - But we found it. - There. Come on. So we're one, two-- the cocky guy. - This guy... - This cabin for girls-- they just have six beds. You know? We have six as well. - There's two of them, and, uh... - 'Cause we got one more-- - nine or ten. - Two more open. Three-- two more open beds. They'll be sleeping on the ground. I noticed something that probably, uh, ended up helping me. She did something. She picked up the flag and she tossed it. She wasn't trying to help me out, but inadvertently she did. The first rule of the wilderness-- - keep your feet dry. - Right? Even thought it hurt, you know, he kept-- he kept reassuring me that, yeah, we're still ahead, we still got this. You got it. - You all right? - Yeah. Yeah. I got it. You're all right. She is incredibly fast. I-I used to play football, and I-I was barely keeping up to her. You know what? Um... - Oh, look, look, look, look, look! - Oh, my God! - There are two of them. - Yay! I can't believe they made it! - Oh, look, look, look. - Yay! - There are two of them. I can't believe they made it! - Will you give us some help over here, guys? - Yeah. You see the camp, and you're relieved to be there. Let's make it to the seat. Why-- why don't you lift him on that side? It was-- it was a really good feeling. It was actually like, okay, if I can get this ankle healed up, I've got a chance to at least make the effort. - Nice to see you guys. - Thanks. Right there-- that's the boys' cabin. Um, I honestly thought we were last. I figured there was a lot of people there - when we got there. - Making way. Making way. - Can we clear one of these lower beds, guys? - Yeah. Yeah. Careful, careful in your foot... Yeah, he carried him to the finish line, which is, uh, in my opinion, uh, stupid. Why are you gonna help your competition? But, hey, I guess he's a nice guy, and, you know, that's the most important thing to him, but being nice isn't gonna get you the prize. The money would be great, 'cause I could use it, um, to help others, honestly. I would like to start a charity, and I think that would be a-a good place to start. You are gonna get the sympathy vote the entire time. - I mean-- - Right. Right. - That's-- I mean... - I feel like I earned it. I think you're faking it. It's a good idea if you are. Is everyone here? Are we the last? I was kind of starting to think, hey, this might not be good news for us. Where were you guys? I don't know. We were just running around lost. I had no idea where we were going, and-- - Which way did you go? - Ah, jeez. Well, when you guys all broke off through the field, well, we went the other way. And then we were just running around in circles and we couldn't even find the flag. And when we did find it, it was on the ground. Aw. - I'm sorry. - Sorry. When I found out that we were the last two people there and we were getting eliminated, I was-- I was angry. I was totally angry and upset because, you know, I've been waiting months to get on this show. And I didn't plan on leaving the first week. I'm a competitor. I work hard and-- and I never give up on anything. We were just running around in circles, man. That's all we were doing. After traveling and, uh, coming all this way and planning and-- and all that, um... yeah, it's disappointing. - Hi, guys. - Hi. I see you all made it in one piece. Can I get everybody to come around here real quick? I just want to have a chat with you all. First off, I want to congratulate you all for making it to your new home. Unfortunately, two of you weren't so lucky. As would have happened a hundred years ago, some settlers would have died or been injured on their way and never made it to this remote outpost. Berglind, Harpreet, please step forward. Say good-bye to your friends. You're going home. Win that money, man. Good luck. Bye. It's a total bummer, like... If I could go back, I swear to God I would have stuck with the pack, but you can't go back in time, unfortunately, so I'm just gonna have to keep pushing forward. I did my best, so, um... it was a decision I took. I went. I-I went in the opposite direction. But it was my decision. You know, you always want to win, of course. But if you don't, you just gotta take it and walk away with pride. For the 14 of you who remain, this village will be your home for as long as you can bear it. Behind me is the Revealer. Periodically, it will open, and it will grant you an item that will aid in your survival. How you use this item, or who possesses it, is completely up to you. If you wish to leave, or if you need help, just down that path where Harpreet and Berglind just walked to, there is a safe zone with a button that will summon a helicopter. Once you cross the line of the safe zone, you are out, and have forfeited the competition. But just remember, there are no support staff on site. The only way to get help is to go to safe zone and press that button. That is the only rule. There are no other rules on this show. Settlers, welcome to Siberia. I wish there was a couple more rules, honestly, but at the same time, if that's what we signed up for with no rules, then that's what it is, so I-I don't really feel bad about it. I feel like I've got, like, a little bit of an upper hand in... a lot of ways. Um... just because I don't think other people are willing to do what I'm willing to do. I'm not the kind of guy that's gonna go attack somebody or steal something. I'm gonna try to be fair to my fellow man, I guess you could say. Well, for myself, I'm a little shy, and so it's hard for me to make alliances. You know... I can't get "voted out." No rules kind of has a double-sided meaning to me. It's exciting because anything can happen. For him to say "no rules," basically that means you have to keep an eye on everything, in a sense, so you're in charge of your own food, you're in charge of your own clothing. Everything. It's just on you, without anyone there to tell you yes or no. And that's gonna be kind of hard when it comes to arguments, because there isn't someone who has the rulebook in their hand to tell you what's what. We don't want a "Lord Of The Flies" situation on our hands. - Six beds, right? - There's only six beds. Someone has to sleep on the floor. I'm not sleeping on the floor. I'm just saying that. I'm just putting it out there straightaway. I was just like, nuh-unh-unh. That's not gonna happen. I think it's fair that the people who got here first can stay, and the person who doesn't can, you know, compromise. Because I think you were out, you know, talking to people, which isn't a problem, there's nothing wrong with that, but... but then you can't expect to just come in at the last minute and still get a spot. Did everyone hear me? Did everyone hear me then clearly saying I'm not sleeping on the floor? - I'm not sleeping on the floor. - Well, someone has to sleep on the floor. Well, it's not gonna be me, so... Why wouldn't it be you? She got a little bit upset at her. Um, I guess Esther's not used to sleeping on the floor. I don't think it would have been such a big deal. At least we're sleeping somewhere and not just out in the woods. You said whoever gets here first should have the bed, and I was here first. So, what? You don't believe me? Well, the thing is, no one saw you get here first. Did-- I mean, did any of you guys-- I mean, I didn't see-- I didn't see you walk in. If everyone thinks it's okay to sleep on the floor, then, please, volunteer, but I'm not sleeping on the floor. I... I mean, you're just gonna have to compromise this one time. I'm not sleeping on the floor, honey. Look, you know what? This has been a lovely bonding session. I think I'm gonna see if there's some room with the guys, so... Just don't push me too far. And I felt really bad for Irene, because she was just trying to defend herself. It seems like Esther's a strong personality and sort of came at her a little bit, and when she decided-- Esther just decided to leave and go sleep with the boys, poor Irene just kind of broke down a little bit. You don't have to feel bad, okay? I'm just, like-- it's, like, the first couple days, and I don't want to make any enemies. - No, don't worry. - Don't worry. - I mean-- - I'm pissed off. I mean, I'm-- - I-- if it was me... - I know, right? I would offer to share a bed. And we still have a situation. Like, we have six beds, too, and seven guys. What'd you do? Well, I don't-- I have my bed. I marked my bed as soon as we came in. You want-- you want to sleep in my bed? - Would you let me sleep in your-- - Well, I would have to-- - I promise I will... I will behave. - No touching? Me and Esther-- first of all, I think she's hot. That's why I'm kind of proud that she's-- she chose me to share a bed with. I just want other boys to see that. I want them to be jealous. That means they're gonna be emotional and weaker. Did you check the water in the barrels over there? - No, there was-- - No water? - That's just dry. - They're empty? Yeah, we're gonna have to go looking. Maybe they-- Yeah, there's this box thing that we were told about, and it reveals things. Oh, yeah, they're gonna give us something here. Every time I get excited thinking it's gonna be food. - I hope it's a treat. - Mm-hmm. Maybe water. A watery treat. It looks like a Halloween box in the middle of some horror movie. Um... It looks pretty strong, though. Do we have to open it or something? At first, we had to, like, beat on it a little bit. We didn't know what it was. What was that? - Look, there-- - Hey, hey, hey. - There you go! - Guys. Good lookin' out. What does it say? "The fly agaric is a mushroom native to Siberia. It is consumed by the local Evenki natives and was long used in their shamanic rituals." I think it was, like, our first clue to a food source. "This important foodstuff is plentiful in the region, but beware... because these mushrooms are poisonous unless boiled." - Great. - I hate mushrooms. Yeah, someone saw mushrooms down the walk... But they were like this-- they were, like, the size of an ant. That's not gonna feed us. They were tiny. I feel like if there's not a leader of the group, we're all-- we're all done. We're done. Did they look like that? Who saw them on the walk? - Hold on, hold on. Guys. - Hey, guys. I don't care. He can talk to anybody he wants, tell them what to do, and that's-- that's up to them. I don't-- he can tell me what to do, but I ain't gonna do it. - We split, or let's go together to get... - Wood, fire... Who wants to do mushrooms? - Mushrooms. - I will. I'm happy to take the leadership position. Coming out here now and being thrown in this situation-- it's-- it's like second nature for me just to always jump ahead and take that stand. Water comes first for me. Fire is-- is pretty much number two. And a lot of the people in the camp were like, "Why do you gotta boil water?" And if you don't boil your water, you want-- you want parasites inside of you? They'll knock you out of this race. They might even kill you. - Have you made one before? - Long time ago. Boy scouts. You know, I'd start a fire back in the day. I thought I remembered it better than I did. - 'Cause I don't see this being... - You do a hole... - Useful. - It fits the wood, then you spin it around some of this tinder. Sometimes I exaggerate, or lie-- whatever. Hold it underneath. Rubbing two sticks together making a fire-- it's not like "The Flintstones" where you do it and it just happens, so I guess a bunch of people were getting going with the sticks, trying to get a fire started, and again, mushrooms, water-- if you don't have the third piece of the triangle-- the tri-force-- you can't eat. You can't drink. Everything was confiscated, apparently, and I guess whatever I could sneak in my boot, they didn't really do a frisk-search like they do before you go into a cop car, so I managed to sneak in... my own fire starter. Ahh! - Yeah! - Go get mushrooms! We got water. Miljan, Tommy, and I went out to look for mushrooms. Um, we didn't find mushrooms, but we found a river, and that was a nice bit of relief. No, I-I know. Like, you get used to it. Oh, this feels so nice. This feels so nice. Come on, Esther. Don't you want to get wet? I haven't got any other clothes. I thought girls like you would want to get wet. He's weird. He's a funny one, but our sense of humor-- we-- we just click. Here's two groups trying to make fire. I mean, we're there with all-- collecting wood, we're-- we're struggling, and he's just there chilling. Don't you want to help? I mean, all the guys are helping. The girls are helping. There's a group that's out there just looking for food for us, and you're just chilling here. They're not looking food for me. I can take care of myself. I'm not trying to help everyone else because, uh, at the end of the game, I want to be the last one standing, which means there's less people that I have to split the money with. You know, I don't really need their help. I'm self-sufficient on my own. I'm self-sufficient because, uh... no rules, right? Johnny seems to be one of those guys that is all "me, me, me." I don't like Johnny. I don't even call him Johnny. He's "Country Boy." The whole thing with Country Boy is he's not playing by the rules of the land. The rules of the land is everybody right now has to do something. As far as the "no rules," that's just, uh, that's what the producers and the reality show set up, that there's no rules. Oh, but there's rules. And people need to adhere to them. Everyone's doing stuff to try to survive at least, and he's just like, "Nope. I'm tanning." I mean, what the hell is that? Yeah, you know, I'm working on my tan. I'm doing it for her. You know? She'll appreciate it later. - Oh, my God, it's working! - Oh, my God. - Oh, my God, it's working! - Yeah. - Oh, God, that's-- I see it. - Come on, come on. - There you go. You got it. - I think it's gonna work. It's gonna work. Stand it up. You got this! - Just let it go. - Keep blowing. Keep-- ooh. Keep it. Blow. Keep going, keep going. Come on. Come on, come on. Oh... No, we're gonna lose it-- lose it. - You blow on it. - No, not-- not too much, or we'll blow it out. Don't blow it out. That's fine. Hero of the day was Dan, my man. Uh... I guess there was some reason why I had to have carried him all that way. Yeah, it was a really cool moment. I-I did-- it-- for the first time in the camp, I felt like I finally got some... some respect, which I wasn't-- I wasn't getting at all. Yeow! Dan, Danny, Danno-- uh, he's a cool guy. Starting the bonfire with his-- with his glasses? Genius. None of us would have thought-- thought of that, you know? So he instantly gained my respect from just-- from just that one moment. We have a lot of water. - No mushrooms? - But we found water. - We found water just fine. No mushrooms. - We've got water! Water's the most important thing. We can live days without food, but... - You guys got water? - We got water. Oh, my God! - Hey! Everybody! - What's up? They went to get mushrooms and they came back without mushrooms. - But they got water! - Why'd you come back? Well, now you gotta go back out again. - You gotta get the mushrooms. - There is none. I was just like, come on. Seriously? Sam... yeah. Sam and I probably wouldn't be friends. When I get hungry, I get a little mean. I get a little ornery. And that's not a good thing. They wouldn't have given us a clue that there was mushrooms - unless there was! - Give me a minute. Just give me a minute. The mushrooms-- we can find mushrooms tomorrow. The most important thing-- we got fire and water. - You can survive till-- - And what are you gonna do in the meantime? Watching Sam arguing, just bark at people, was, uh, pretty funny. I-I can tell you that they're gonna get sick of that. Just the first day, trying to start a fire, took us forever, and... we haven't even found food yet. So I... It's a little worrying. I was thinking about that. What's up, girl? Go. - I didn't... - Oh, I see. ...officially bring anything. What does that mean? - Well, you know how they-- - They took our bags. - Yeah. Um... - Did you smuggle in some stuff? Yeah, I did, actually. A constant question-- is this person being real with me? Because I know I'm... I'm censoring things, I'm filtering things for the sake of this competition. So where is everybody from? I am from Montenegro, right across from Italy, on the Adriatic Sea, next to Croatia. - It's a small-- - I like your accent. - Yeah, me, too. - Thank you. It's really exotic. I don't know Miljan that well. He's always making jokes, trying to keep things light. I just don't trust him. I don't trust Miljan. We don't really know anything about each other. We're just starting to know each other now a little bit. What about you, Daniel? I'm from a very, very small town in Minnesota. - What do you? - Well, I work a lot with computers. So... He's joined us. Hello. - Oh. Hello. - How's it going, guys? Oh! Maybe we should speak to him. Pull up a seat. - Here, come sit. - You can tell us your life story. - Is that what we're on now, our life stories? - Yep. Mm-hmm. - You guys hungry at all? - Oh, I'm starving. - Yeah. - Very hungry. I picked, uh, some berries in a berry patch I found. - It's not much, so... - Oh. - Oh. - Oh-ho-ho. But, uh, if you guys want a little treat, I was gonna pass it around. - Yeah. That's nice. - Very nice of you. - Have you tried one? - Yeah. - Are they poi-- - And they're okay? They're not poisonous. All right-- are you sure? I'm just kidding. Johnny is very interesting to me. He seems very cocky. He has some problems. He's a little bit asocial. I'm gonna break him slowly. So what do you do? Um, I've spent the majority of my, uh, adult years as a model. So I've lived-- I was born in Australia, but I've lived... mm, in many countries, traveling-- - Oh, my God. - What is that? What is that? Maybe we should go we should go inside. - What is that? - It's probably just a bear. I don't know, man. That didn't sound like a bear to me. - We can't leave the fire-- - Wait, wait. Shh, shh! What was that? Oh, my God! Oh, my God! Get in. - Sam, can you come with us? - Huh? - Can you come with us? - Just go. Yeah, just go. - Can you come with us? - Just go, just-- There was this crazy sound that came out of the woods, and it was like a... I don't know, like a growl or something. I work with animals, and I've never heard an animal like that before. _ _ _ I have absolutely no idea what happened last night. Zero. It really scared me. I mean, of course. We're in Siberia, and there's-- there's gonna be wild animals out here, but I don't know... I found something really odd. I woke up. I was up. I went outside. Just kinda, you know, looking around, and then I saw this frog. I just went up to it, and that's when I saw, you know, I'm like, okay, that's not normal. Johnny. Johnny. Come here, man. Check this out. Look at this. Daniel found a mutated frog. He had three back legs. One more leg, that means one more person we can feed, right? Y-yeah, you know... I don't know. Annie, Natalie, and I set out to look for mushrooms. And we were spreading out, looking around. It wasn't really going so hot. When was the last time you said, "I'm gonna go pick some mushrooms?" One of the only vegetables I don't eat. I will today. Uh, it's actually not a vegetable. - Fun fact. - Oh, right. Fungus. Whatever. And we started walking out and looking. We couldn't find anything. And then Tommy just kept going deeper and deeper, and we were getting farther and farther away from the settlement, and, you know, we're still new here. I didn't want to stray too far. I was getting a little nervous. This is a good area! I'm just gonna look around here! I know, but we don't want to go that far! We're far from the camp! Well, just stay in earshot, okay?! Maybe-- We're not playing Marco Polo with you! Maybe you should come back this way! Polo! What is that? We were just gonna go get some water at the river, and we discovered this shed in the middle of a field. And, um, we tried to open the door, but it was locked. You know what? I don't think we should tell anyone about this. - No, I think we should tell everyone. - No. - Why not? - Because we don't know what it is for. And we don't want everyone to come here and start grabbing things. I don't trust them. Let's just go pretend like nothing happened. - Okay. - Like, don't tell anybody. Yes! Oh, my God! Oh, my God, this is awesome. So Annie and I were the ones who found the mushrooms, which was great, 'cause everyone's so starving, and you could tell people were starting to get cranky and starting to wear on people. I feel bad for Tommy, though, because this was, like, - his little mission. - I know. We just kind of stumbled upon those mushrooms, and they were the same kind as in the picture that, uh, that was in the Revealer. - We got mushrooms! - Whoo! - Yes! - Oh! We get to eat! Yay! I mean, there wasn't that many, so we are really gonna have to divide them up. Just a little bit of water just to give them a quick rinse. So we needed to make sure that we cooked them long enough, because I know I don't want anybody getting sick. Does anyone know how much water actually-- We're gonna have gourmet mushrooms. Maybe we should use our own sweat as salt, - as a... - Oh... _ - We lost Tommy. - Pick that up. He was going really far, really deep into the woods. I know I personally didn't want to stray that far from camp. Thank you, Estrogen, for saying a prayer for the rest of us. Did you call me "Estrogen"? Yeah, yeah-- has no one ever called you "Estrogen" before? - No. - That seems like the easiest nickname ever. - Be a gentleman. Be a gentleman. - I quite like it. There's-- there's a bit of estrogen here. Anyone have a watch? What?! Who is-- - Oh, my God! - It's one of the cameramen. The head is bleeding. - Oh, fuck! - Oh, my God! The cameraman was bleeding from the head, and it was huge. I mean, I couldn't get that close, but from as far as I was, I could see that it was a big head wound. So it freaked us all out, because nobody was telling us what was going on. Nobody would give us any answers about what happened to him. Okay, everyone, just go back to doing what you were doing! - What? - We don't know what happened to him? I have no idea. - He's okay... - He doesn't look fine to me. Wh-what do you mean, he's fine? He's fine. Just go back and, uh... They're not gonna tell us what happened. He didn't look fine to me! What happened? - Where are they taking him? - We don't know yet. How can-- how can we continue? What's the difference if you tell us inside? - You can tell us now. - What was he saying? Does anyone understand what he was saying? He was saying something. I couldn't understand him. I guess he was speaking Russian or something. I wish I knew what that guy was saying. Something about "I saw them," "I saw... I saw them." "I saw them." - How do you know that? - Hmm? How do you know that? My grandmother. - And the producers would be a little more concerned. - Well, we'll just wait and see. - Let's just wait and-- - Looked like one of the younger ones, huh? He had the... What the fuck is out there? We still don't know what really happened. Hey. Tommy had a cameraman with him, I think. - Are you sure? We saw him--I-- - Wait-- - I haven't seen him since this morning. - ...for mushrooms, but he-- - I saw him. - We were looking. - Where? - You saw him? Yeah. - Oh, you've seen him? - When? In the forest, back there. Sabina-- that's a mystery. I can't put my finger on it, but there's something going on with her, like she-- she knows something. I'm gonna turn back and look for him. He'll probably be by himself. Night's gonna be here soon, so, yeah-- I'm not going out there. - Look at what happened to him. - I'm staying with Esther. - What happened to that guy. - I'm going. I'm going. - Who wants to come, come with me right now. - Stay together. - Natalie, you staying? - No. I mean-- - The people who saw him should come. - Are you gonna stay with them? Maybe you should wait until we find out - what happened to that-- that cameraman. - Who do we have, guys? - We saw him-- - I'm staying. Sabina saw him, so she should-- Oh, there's the host! Everybody, I just need you to gather around the campfire. There's been... a very serious... accident involving Tommy. Um, and unfortunately... it's fatal. - What? - What? - Oh, my God. - Now... we've been discussing whether or not to go on with this. Um... but we've decided that that choice should be yours. So I need you to take some time now just to-- to think about it, and decide if you'd like to continue. If you decide to opt out, we will be giving each of you 5,000 dollars... - Oh! My God... - Just-- just head to the-- - I can't believe we're talking about money right now. - I-- this is just... Do you know how? We're still waiting to find out. I'll be coming back at the end of the day to get your answer, okay? I've just realized now that... I don't think the show cares. I don't think that production cares. What I don't understand is, this is supposed to be a game. How did somebody die? I mean, how do the-- the producers of the show let this happen? How were they not prepared to make sure that we're safe? I understand there's challenge. There's a challenge out here, and it can be dangerous, but nobody's supposed to die. It's a game. It's just ridiculous. And there wasn't an explanation. I mean, there was, but it wasn't a good one, not to me. I just... I... I want to know more. I need more evidence. Something concrete. Just looking for this red... ...mushrooms, these-- not seeing any anywhere. They should be red. White dots on them. It's really not going too hot. Ahh! Help! Help! Aah! Aah! Ah-aah! Aah! Sync and corrections by n17t01 www.addic7ed.com 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 