Treme: Season 1, Episode 10 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Treme 
 s1e10 - I'll Fly Away - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Treme (2010–2013): Season 1, Episode 10 - I'll Fly Away - full transcript 
 In the Season One finale, Toni's concerns about Creighton turn to anger; Albert and the Indians suit up for St. Joseph's night. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 So you say his car is missing as well? His truck, a dodge ram. I xeroxed a copy of the registration. Is your husband distraught? Or have you sense any change in his demeanor? He was-- No. I mean, he was trying to finish a book. He's a writer. So there was some stress there, But, well, nothing that I hadn't-- He have any business on the West bank? 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Algiers, Gretna maybe? Any reason whatsoever To take the ferry to Algiers point? No, I don't know of anything. What? What have you heard? A fella on the ferry two days ago Gets over to Algiers point, Tells the operator over there he shared a smoke with a big man. Watches the guy walk towards the front of the boat, Turns around a second later, big guy is gone. Now he didn't see anyone go in the water, But he didn't see the big man get off the boat in Algiers either. The truck-- 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Was there a blue dodge left on the ferry? - No, ma'am. - In any event, Given this report from the ferry And the fact that your husband hadn't come home, I'm gonna go ahead and run a photo by the fella that made the report, See if he makes some kind of identification. If it was my husband And he didn't get off in Algiers, He could've just gone back to canal street. Round-trip joyride. Yes, ma'am. He could've easily Gone back inside the ferry and rode it to the East bank. You're absolutely correct. You'll pardon me for this, but your husband-- Could he have another girl? Somebody on the side? No, it's not that. He drink? Take medications? No, and he quit smoking years ago, So that also doesn't match this man on the ferry. All right. Of course we'll run a check on the credit cards And see if there are any new charges that come up. Yeah. Well, we'll be in touch And you be sure to call if you hear anything, huh? Hopefully he'll be back here soon enough. Sync by n17t01 www.addic7ed.com ♪ hanging in the treme ♪ ♪ watching people sashay ♪ ♪ past my steps ♪ ♪ by my porch ♪ ♪ in front of my door ♪ ♪ church bells are ringing ♪ ♪ choirs are singing ♪ ♪ while the preachers groan ♪ ♪ and the sisters moan ♪ ♪ in a blessed tone ♪ ♪ mm-hmm, yeah ♪ ♪ down in the treme ♪ ♪ just me and my baby ♪ ♪ we're all going crazy ♪ ♪ while jamming and having fun ♪ ♪ trumpet bells ringing ♪ ♪ bass drum is swinging ♪ ♪ as the trombone groans ♪ ♪ and the big horn moans ♪ ♪ and there's a saxophone ♪ ♪ down in the treme ♪ ♪ it's me and my baby ♪ ♪ we're all going crazy ♪ ♪ while jamming and having fun ♪ ♪ down in the treme ♪ ♪ it's me and my baby ♪ ♪ we're all going crazy ♪ - ♪ while jamming and having fun. ♪ Whoo! Davis, you are unrelenting. Mother, let me read you from last month's "offbeat." "with the possible exception of 5th ward weebie's New bounce classic 'fuck Katrina,' Mcalary has, with his four-song offering, Produced the most wonderfully sarcastic Political commentary since the storm. His savage version of the smiley Lewis standard 'shame shame shame' Is worth the price of the e.P. Alone." I have no idea what a bounce classic is, darling. You don't wanna know. Mother, I am not asking you guys to do All that much more than I'm willing to do myself. Look. $2200. That is my stake in this. Cash on the barrel. - $2200? - He's dealing drugs. - What? No. - That much cash coming out of his pocket? - The boy is dealing drugs. - I will have you know, Melba, This is payment for the sales of my last record. And you know what? I've actually netted More than $4,000 over the past two months. $4,000? Well, what happened to the rest of the money? I-- I had expenses. Look. For a full-length c.D., I'm looking at studio time, plus I've got to pay musicians. - And then when I'm done with that I gotta put-- - how much? How much? With pressing costs, maybe $7,000 to $8,000. I'll get your father to match your $2200. - But that won't be enough. then get a job. Yeah, you're right. what is that you're about to put in your mouth? - For real, what is that? - I'm not sure. Yellowtail, I think. Yellowtail? - Hamachi. - Hamachi. Right. - Ugh. - You wanna get up in some of this? Naw. Antoine batiste is strictly a cooked-fish- eating motherfucker. - You sure? - Hell yeah. You've gotta roll that shit in some batter And drop it in some grease before you talk to me, bro. Some tempura for my man here. - Temp-what? - Sit, bro. - I called you for a reason. - All right. Pick. - Yeah? - Yeah. Boom. - Toussaint? - Yeah, a tribute gig To all that old-school R&B; from Cosimo's shop-- Irma, Lloyd price. The man wants a few days of rehearsal. Gig's Sunday. Invitation only, - Suit-and-tie thing. - How much? - $1,000 a man. - Ooh! baby! Yeah. What was in the other hand? Little feat, two nights at the House of blues. Rock band looking for a full horn section the same weekend. I can't do both, can I? Bless you, brother. Look, man. Just kill the gig. I told toussaint he was covered. Oh, yeah yeah yeah yeah. Ah. New Orleans style. Where the hot sauce? - ♪ we fell in love on a Wednesday morning... ♪ - okay okay, I'm here. Why did you call me? And who fixed your roof? - He did. - Where did you get money for materials? - Saved up. - That couldn't have been much profit for you. - I didn't do it for the money. - Ah. I'm gonna drop my legal case against you, And then you're gonna help Mr. Reyes here. You're gonna fix up that second truck you've got, Then I'm gonna pick out my own crew And go out roofing under your license. ♪ wider than the ocean ♪ - ♪ more deeper than the sea... ♪ - what you say, partner? ♪ whoa, she make me feel so good ♪ ♪ and she rock and roll for me ♪ - ♪ and she said "ah-ah-ah"... ♪ - thanks, ma'am. No, thank you. The least you could do, Riley, Is buy the young man a beer or two. - ♪ she said "ah-ah-ah"... ♪ - all right. Nothing? Hey, pop. Yeah, that's pretty. - All right. - Yup. Mm-hmm. Gonna need some more blue beads. Call your sister. - She might still be down at the store. - All right. Hey, what happens if we don't finish? - We always get finished. - Yeah, except for when we don't. Yeah, then we pull out the glue gun, Put it to the damn fabric and make do. No glue gun. I'm old-time Indian. We're gonna have chief, spy and flag ready to roll. Yeah, Ronnie gonna run flag. I'm gonna run spy. Strange times. I ain't run spy since delmond came up. - Mmm. - Even if you hadn't been arrested, - Y'all wouldn't have been ready for Mardi Grass.. - Not true. I'm always working on my suit till time run out. - No doubt, chief. - Always more to do to be the most pretty. Always gotta make one year's suit prettier than the last one. Mmm. If it was easy, everybody'd be Indian. Hey, look what came up the street when I was ringing her up. - Hey, Davina. - We need more blue beads. And some black thread, a couple of them. And what a man gotta do to get some lunch around here? Yeah, that's what I'm talking about. Lunch sounds like a good idea. - Okay, you know what? - Come here, baby. Come here, baby. Darius, go help Davina gather lunch for everybody. I swear. Next year come Mardi Grass., I'mma stay in Houston. Hey, people from Houston don't even say that shit. Sho' don't! So what can you do to make the money? Get a job. This is a mistake. - What? - New York, you. Well, we'll see, won't we? don't go. Why not? We're good together. Christ, Davis. That was the moment where you were supposed to say that you love me, You can't live without me and if I stay, We'll live happily ever after. Did, um-- Did you want me to say that? fuck, no. I just wanted to see your face when I said it. Oh. Oh God. I don't know how I'm gonna sell this place Or who I'm going to sell it to, No walls; no downstairs electric; Blue tarp on the roof. It's a walkaway. Hey, gimme one last day. - What? - One day to convince you not to leave. This is not about you, Davis. I know that, but I want a day. To do what? ♪ gentilly to the vieux carre ♪ ♪ lower nine, central city, uptown... ♪ Hard to write a song, huh? You ever try? I'm just a player. I don't even sing, really. I've heard you sing. Just a little bit of harmony is all. Well, it's in me. It's gotta come out. I mean, sometimes a song just Pisses you off until you can find it and you write it down. I don't know. I think I'd be embarrassed To sing anything I wrote. Why? Lucinda Williams is gonna be at tip's tomorrow night. - You ever seen her? - Not live, no. I love the "car wheels" album. You wanna go? - Not a date, Missy. Just some music. If we make enough in the square today, sure. Why not? ♪ gentilly to the vieux carre ♪ ♪ lower nine, central city, uptown... ♪ ♪ jocomo fee-nah-nay. ♪ Huh? ♪ lower nine, central city, uptown ♪ ♪ singing jocomo fee-Na-nay... ♪ ♪ the city won't never drown. ♪ That's all I've got for you. It rhymes, anyway. It was past chalmette, almost to English turn. A tug Captain called it in. You're lucky it wasn't longer. This time of year, a body will sometimes stay down a week or more. - What I meant was-- - mama? Go upstairs, honey. I'll be with you in a minute. - All right. - Okay. Call us in the morning. We'll deal with everything that is. No! No! Holy fuck. Hey. - I know this dude. - Who? Guy fell off the ferry and drowned in the River. I taught his daughter some piano. His wife is my lawyer. Oh God. I know him too. That's Cray, Toni's husband. Oh God. How do you fall off a ferry? - Poor wife. - Daughter too. Oh, this town. - Don't say that. - What? You'll see. Your day begins tomorrow. - Tomorrow? Why not today? - The day requires a plan And I'm putting that plan into effect. Davis has a plan. Thank you, miss Williams. Sounds like every motherfucker up in there is spinning. - Everyone got the charts? - Yes, sir. - Yeah. Mm-hmm. - All the pages? These are the original arrangements you're looking at. - Hey, man. - Hey, what's happening? - Are you getting a suit made for you up in here? - Horns are, bro. We're gonna do that old-school thing, Like some harvest gold tuxes or some shit. - Harvest gold? Yeah. Let's try blue sharkskin, Black lapel. See, I'm trying to move you all up in class here. I always wanted to do a gig like this, Mr. Toussaint. Well, now you are. But first things first-- let's get the music down. Up first will be the legendary Mr. Price. That's the piece where I'll play the first chord in d-flat on the piano, The horns will come in on the six, Then on the two twice, The one, the major seven, Back up to one and we're off. Are you ready, Lloyd? Let's do it, boss. I'm ready to go. Everybody. ♪ the night was clear ♪ ♪ and the moon was yellow ♪ ♪ and the leaves came ♪ ♪ tumbling down ♪ ♪ I was standing on the corner ♪ ♪ when I heard my bulldog bark ♪ ♪ he was barking at the two men ♪ ♪ who were gambling in the dark ♪ ♪ it was stagger Lee and Billy ♪ ♪ two men who gambled late ♪ ♪ stagger Lee threw seven ♪ ♪ Billy swore that he threw eight... ♪ Look out there! ♪ stagger Lee... ♪ The public records request On the Danzinger bridge incident can wait. - There's no deadline on those... - Okay. ...But you might have a hearing later on in the week In the Jefferson parish jail suit. Oh. Ask for a postponement, But it's judge Portis, so he might stiff you. - When he hears the reason-- - oh, and-- oh God. And the Brooks thing-- His sister needs to agree to a second autopsy. She's resistant, but it's the only way that we'll ever-- Toni, stop. Just stop. I'm gonna go over every file. I'm not gonna let anything slip. I promise. None of this is important to you right now. None of it. - How's Sofia? - Uh, still sleeping. Thank God. She cried until dawn. I just don't understand how he... My mom's flying in from Saint Pete today And she'll come straight from the airport. If Sofia wakes before then, Te-- tell her to call me. Of course, go. Do what you need to do. I'm right here. It's just for a week or two. She's coming in from Seattle And it's really her apartment. I'm just subletting. It's cool. Don't worry about it. I like having you here though, you know. As soon as she clears out, you can come back. You don't have to go back to Sonny. If you don't want to, I mean. - I know. - I could make some calls or-- It's no problem. I've got a line on a couple of good places. Really. You've been great. Daddy. - You need to get some sleep. Come on, pop. You're dragging. Go back and get yourself a couple of hours. - You'll work twice as fast. - Yeah. maybe so. Wake me in time for dinner. Hey. You think we're gonna finish two more suits by tomorrow night? I can break my suit down, help George build up. Help my spy and my chief come strong, - Then that's what we do. Nah. What we need Is to keep working to get all three ready Then come out together like always. - We ain't gonna finish. - I'm with delmond. We need to break mine down So the front and the back can come strong, And we bring nothing but fire. You're gonna wear your old suit? Anything and everything for chief. She a cold bitch-- Katrina. Oh yeah. Hold up. Who gonna tell your father? I'll do it. - Okay. - I might tell him it was you all's idea, But I'll definitely tell him. Hi. I'm Paige. - Paige Royer. - Hi, Paige. Nice tats. Annie. Annie. For starters, no animal sacrifice. - Agreed. - No on-air commentary Disparaging of station management. - Agreed. - No mocking Of the pledge-drive compilations, O.Z. Umbrellas or other station swag. - Agreed. - You will fully involve yourself In fundraising for the coming pledge drive. Oh, agreed. I mean, that is why you pay me, Since playing music is deemed unworthy of an honest salary, so-- And you will comply with any set-list requirements Necessitated by station promotional campaigns. - Yeah? - Yeah. Yeah. All right. Early morning shift is open. - You can start tonight if you feel up for it. - Okay, Darnell. Papa's little children need shoes. They need shoes. I need a horn. - You got some hoodoo on. - They ain't getting that. - $5. I'mma raise you five. Another five. Another five too? Man, come on. - There you go. Oh, man. - All right. - Oh, man. It's good to be back down here. Got a chance to take your money again. Man, please. You've been putting my kids through school for a decade now. - Y'all play much? - No, only when we get together. - A friendly game though. - Just humble musicians trying to pass the time. Shit. I ain't all that humble, Not with these you dealt me. I'll see that two and raise you five. - There you go. Last time we did this was the birthday concert - For Cosimo, wasn't it? Right. - Yeah, about a couple of years back. - Yeah, that's right. Man, I don't know who dealt this mess, But I ain't got no hand. Oh man. Crikey. Uh, look here. Uh, y'all take an I.O.U. Here? Because you know I got the money coming from this gig. no shit. Sit down, young'un. Give this pilgrim some chips. All right. Put your cards down. ♪ get gorilla with it, get gorilla with it ♪ ♪ a gangsta still fighting charges but he totes that glock... ♪ - What you hearing there, d? - Oh, that's juvenile. The new joint that just came out. It's called "reality check." Y'all let me sleep too long. I only need an hour or so. Look to me like you need an hour or so more. - What? - ♪ when a real -- show up, hoes switch up they games... ♪ That was my call, pop. I knew we wouldn't finish three suits in time, so I spoke to it. Ronnie stepped up, said he'd wear One of his old suits with a new crown and flag. He come so strong, ain't nobody gonna be able to touch him. Your call, huh? Put me to sleep and make moves like you were chief. Right now I'm just a tired-ass fool Trying to make sure we got it done. ♪ skip called me up, he got them all chill ♪ ♪ well, let's go and get us some hoes so we can do this here... ♪ What the hell kind of Chinese shit is that I'm listening to? Hey, bro, don't pay him no mind. He's only saying that 'cause that's what "don't be playing that Chinese shit in my band." Cab was wrong, but I'm right. ♪ get gorilla with it, get gorilla with it ♪ ♪ get gorilla with it, get gorilla with it ♪ ♪ get gorilla with it, get gorilla with it ♪ ♪ get gorilla with it, get gorilla with it. ♪ Hey, new Orleans. It's d.J. Davis, Back with you after my brief political sabbatical. That was slidell, Louisiana's own juvenile Off his new one with "animal." Before that mystical with "danger." Before that, miss cheeky blakk with "let me get that outcha." And we started off with Lil Wayne, Bringing his "fireman" from "tha Carter ii." So it is way past midnight On this first Saint Joseph's day since the storm, And what I'm wondering is whether we're gonna see Some Indians on those streets. Now I know a lot of folks aren't home And a lot more haven't been able to mask, So I'm gonna pull up from the local bounce And dedicate this one to anyone who's home, Working hard this morning To make a new suit of pretty. ♪ here comes the big chief, the big chief ♪ ♪ the yellow Pocahontas, the pretty monogram hunters ♪ - ♪ and they don't bow down ♪ - ♪ we don't bow down ♪ - ♪ on nobody's ground ♪ - ♪ nobody's ground ♪ ♪ oh, how we love to hear you call us Indian red ♪ - ♪ the wild Tchoupitoulas ♪ ♪ white eagles ♪ ♪ the pretty 8th ward hunters ♪ ♪ the wild West Shoshone hunters ♪ - ♪ and we don't bow down ♪ ♪ we don't bow down ♪ - ♪ on nobody's ground ♪ - ♪ on nobody's ground ♪ ♪ oh, how we love to hear you call us Indian red ♪ - ♪ here comes the spy boy... ♪ - ♪ the flag boy... ♪ - shh! Five. ♪ but watch that crazy wild man ♪ - ♪ the wildest in the lowlands, and you love our queen... ♪ - what you got? - Full house. - ♪ queen of new Orleans ♪ ♪ oh, how we love to hear you call us Indian red... ♪ Yeah, I've got a hot hand today. You see what I'm saying? Yeah. - Yeah. Okay. - No no. All right, that's to go. ♪ here comes the big chief, the big chief ♪ ♪ the yellow Pocahontas, the pretty monogram hunters ♪ - ♪ and they don't bow down ♪ - ♪ we don't bow down ♪ - ♪ on nobody's ground ♪ - ♪ nobody's ground ♪ ♪ oh, how we love to hear you call us Indian red ♪ ♪ the wild Tchoupitoulas ♪ ♪ white eagles ♪ ♪ the pretty 8th ward hunters ♪ ♪ the wild West Shoshone hunters ♪ - ♪ and we don't bow down ♪ - ♪ we don't bow down ♪ - ♪ on nobody's ground ♪ - ♪ nobody's ground ♪ ♪ oh, how we love to hear you call us Indian red ♪ - ♪ oh, here comes the spy boy ♪ - ♪ spy boy ♪ - ♪ the flag boy ♪ - ♪ spy boy bringing that flag boy ♪ - ♪ flag boy, flag boy ♪ - ♪ but watch that crazy wild man ♪ ♪ the wildest in the lowlands ♪ - ♪ and you love our queen ♪ - ♪ love our queen ♪ - ♪ queen of new Orleans ♪ - ♪ new Orleans ♪ ♪ oh, how we love to hear you call us Indian red ♪ ♪ here comes the big chief, the big chief ♪ ♪ the yellow Pocahontas, the pretty monogram hunters ♪ - ♪ and they don't bow down ♪ - ♪ we don't bow down ♪ - ♪ on nobody's ground ♪ - ♪ nobody's ground ♪ ♪ oh, how we love to hear you call us Indian red. ♪ You are back! It's so good-- Oh. Oh my. - Morning. - Okay. Six months and I'm back. Oh, don't I know it. This is it. Okay. - Are you ready? - You out of your motherfucking mind, Davis. - Seriously. - Shh. We're doing good here. Oh cist. - What the fuck, Davis? - I asked for a day. That day began four minutes ago, 9:00 A.M. Central Standard Time. Beignets from Du monde. Beignets don't travel all that well, Davis. John, if you will begin the obsequies - And formalities. - Dawg, you woke the lady up. He came to my house this morning, Said it was an emergency. You live around the corner. She's moving to New York. - That's not an emergency? - He's back at o.Z., Said he wouldn't play my stuff unless I stepped up on this one. He knows I'm kidding. Dude, come on. It's your moment. ♪ if you ever ♪ ♪ change your mind ♪ ♪ about leaving ♪ ♪ leaving me behind ♪ ♪ oh, bring it to me ♪ ♪ bring your sweet loving ♪ ♪ bring it on home to me ♪ ♪ yeah yeah ♪ ♪ I'll give you jewelry ♪ ♪ and money too ♪ ♪ that ain't all I'll do for you ♪ ♪ yes, if you would bring it to me ♪ ♪ bring your sweet loving ♪ ♪ bring it on home to me ♪ ♪ yeah yeah yeah yeah. ♪ Whoo-hoo! Thank you. Dude sounds just like Sam Cooke. I fucking sound like John Boutte. But, darling, you have a blessed day - And I hope you reconsider. - Thank you. That was unbelievably sweet, really. Let me get dressed and then we can have those on the porch. Nah, it's cool. I've got a taxi coming. Well, thank you, Mr. Boutte. Really. You owe me That moment... Can't happen in New York. It's still good. You can admit it. Get dressed. New Orleans needs you. found it this morning? Yeah. Patrol unit ran the tag. I'm sorry, Toni. Really. - Have they, uh-- - no. That's why I called you. - I'm worried he-- - I understand. Look. I'm... Gonna take a walk up the street And maybe get a cup of coffee with my friends over there. The truck's unlocked. The glove compartment's open. - Did you-- - if you find anything, You take it home with you, All right? Anything you find around the house That explains anything, Go on and hold onto that too. - Terry-- - think about your daughter. She needs to believe. I'm sorry, Toni. I'm sorry for your loss. ♪ tell your mama and papa too ♪ ♪ I wanna spend my life with you... ♪ - Uh-huh. - Uh-huh. - Cha-dooky-doo. - Cha-dooky-doo. - Uh-huh. - Uh-huh. - Cha-dooky-doo. - Cha-dooky-doo. ♪ I love you ♪ ♪ I love you, yes indeed ♪ ♪ baby, don't you know I love you, baby? ♪ ♪ I love you, yes indeed ♪ ♪ I'll let you know just where I stand ♪ ♪ 'cause I wanna be your man. ♪ - Uh-huh. - Uh-huh. - Cha-dooky-doo. - Cha-dooky-doo. - Uh-huh. - Uh-huh. Cha-dooky-doo. Not bad. Not bad. - And Renard? - Yeah? If you want another chorus to go with that solo, And you're feeling it, it's yours. Let's take a half-hour break and set up for Irma's number. All right, who's dealing? are you serious, man? - You're addicted, son. - Say, bro. I'm down $100. Y'all gotta give me a chance to get even. You all playing poker? Oh, lord! A shark smells blood. - Who? Irma? - At poker? Man, she'll kill you dead. y'all scared of miss Irma? - Naw. - Stakes? A dollar, five and 10. Chip me up here. All right. Hey, the live oaks-- there's nothing like 'em. Come on, Davis. They've got trees in New York. - Not like these. Central park. - But-- - no buts. No buts. Central park. Am I right? Score one for the apple. - Ow. - One to one. If it's the cost of a postmortem, It might be something my office can subsidize. Ain't the money. But if we're ever going to find out-- What is there to find out we can't already guess? - My brother's gone. A lot of people gone. And the ones left, we've got to be about the day to day. Hear my mama getting up. You take care. Be sure to give Toni my regrets about her husband and all, hear? Okay. Ma'am, your sandwiches are ready. Hey, it would have been uglesich's for lunch If they were still open. Or parasol's, But I know you prefer the shrimp over the roast beef. - Mmm. - You can't get these in New York City. They have sandwiches-- Heros, subs. Po' boys aren't sandwiches. They're a way of life. What's next on my day? A nap. That's another thing they probably don't have In sad-ass Gotham city. Annie, I'm sorry. Me too. Come home. - She was in our bed. - Then we get a new bed. - I need time. - Okay, I'll wait, but let's play together. I'm writing songs now. We should-- Look. If it happens, it happens, okay? No, I mean let's really do it, Annie. - You and me together-- - Sonny, I need time, And I need to be able to play when I want with who I want. You have to see that. You're so much better than me As a player. You're leaving me behind. I wasn't gonna leave you. And now? I'm the spy boy! Pretty spy boy! Guardians of the flame! Spy boy! Flag boy! Flag boy! Guardians of the flame! Coochie mah! Count-tah fay-ow! ♪ mighty ♪ ♪ kootie fiyo ♪ ♪ Indian red ♪ ♪ Indian red ♪ - ♪ where is my spy boy? ♪ - ♪ spy boy ♪ ♪ spy boy! ♪ ♪ spy boy ♪ ♪ spy boy of the nation ♪ ♪ whole wide creation ♪ ♪ we won't bow down, no, we won't bow down ♪ ♪ not on that ground, on that dirty ground ♪ ♪ because I love to hear you call my Indian red ♪ - ♪ show me my flag boy ♪ - ♪ flag boy! ♪ ♪ flag boy! Guardians of the flame!♪ ♪ flag boy of the nation ♪ ♪ whole wide creation ♪ ♪ he don't bow down, no, he won't bow down ♪ ♪ not on that ground, on that dirty ground ♪ - ♪ because I love to hear... ♪ - big chief! - ♪ you call my Indian red... ♪ - bring big chief! Coochie mah! - ♪ I am the big chief ♪ - ♪ big chief ♪ - ♪ big chief ♪ - ♪ big chief ♪ ♪ big chief of the nation ♪ ♪ whole wide creation ♪ ♪ he don't bow down, no, he won't bow down ♪ ♪ not on that ground, on that dirty ground... ♪ - Big chief, coochie mah! - ♪ because I love to hear ♪ - ♪ you call my Indian red. ♪ - big chief! Big chief! Let's take 'em down, chief. Coun-tah fay-ow! We're gonna take 'em down now! hey-pocky-way. Hey-pocky-way. Hey-pocky-way. Hey-pocky-way. Hey-pocky-way. Hey-pocky-way. Hey-pocky-way. Hey-pocky-way. Hey-pocky-way. Hey-pocky-way. Hey-pocky-way. Hey-pocky-way. Hey-pocky-way. Now see, this is the way musicians used to front their shit. - We look correct, don't we? - Back in the day, yeah. Well, how about after the gig we go someplace And keep the game going? I need a chance to bounce back. Irma got you bad, bro. - Oh, I just need another few hands is all. You told her this was our only chance to document the injuries, huh? You explained that, right? I made the case you would make, Toni. She heard me. She did. She just doesn't want to go there. I don't know, Toni. It's like the truth doesn't set them free sometimes. It's just another burden they have to bear. But you don't need to be worrying about any of this now. What about what you need? What about the arrangements for Creighton? Went to the lawyer today, unsealed the will. No surprises. He wanted a second line. - Yeah? - Right there in the will. Even named the guys he wanted. Eureka brass band. Left a fucking playlist for the funeral. It's gonna be a cremation, A memorial service here just for family. Band might be nice for Sofia. He quit. He fucking quit. Whole goddamn city down on its ass. All of us still here, one day after the next. Can't dance for 'em when they quit. ♪ time is on my side ♪ ♪ yes, it is, yeah ♪ ♪ time is on my side ♪ ♪ yes, it is, yeah ♪ ♪ now you always say ♪ ♪ that you wanna be free ♪ - ♪ one of these days, baby ♪ - ♪ you'll come running back ♪ - ♪ oh, it won't be long ♪ - ♪ you'll come running back ♪ - ♪ oh, all my worries will be over ♪ - ♪ you'll come ♪ - ♪ running back ♪ - ♪ uh-huh ♪ ♪ yeah yeah yeah yeah ♪ ♪ time is on my side ♪ ♪ yes, it is, yeah ♪ ♪ time ♪ ♪ is on my side ♪ ♪ yes, it is, yeah ♪ ♪ you're searching for good times ♪ ♪ but just wait and see ♪ - ♪ one of these days, baby ♪ - ♪ you'll come running back ♪ - ♪ oh, it won't be long ♪ - ♪ you'll come running back ♪ ♪ oh, all my worries will be over ♪ ♪ I'll have my baby home ♪ ♪ yeah yeah yeah... ♪ Mr. Dave Bartholomew. As it was meant be, bro. And, baby... I will still be around. And I know-- I know like I told you-- Like I told you so many times before, Oh, you're gonna come back. And yes, you're gonna come back a-knocking, A-knocking on my door. ♪ yeah yeah yeah. ♪ ♪ down in new Orleans on Julia street ♪ ♪ drink a little poison before you die ♪ ♪ there's a lawyer man you don't want to meet ♪ ♪ drink a little poison before you die ♪ ♪ now he says, "trust me, trust me ♪ ♪ it'll be all right" ♪ ♪ drink a little poison before you die ♪ ♪ you sign in blood ♪ ♪ on a full-moon night... ♪ ♪ drink a little poison before you die! ♪ ♪ liar liar with your pants on fire ♪ ♪ drink a little poison before you die ♪ ♪ gonna dance around your funeral pyre ♪ ♪ drink a little poison before you die! ♪ ♪ before you die, before you die ♪ ♪ drink a little poison before you die ♪ ♪ before you die, before you die ♪ ♪ drink a little poison before you die! ♪ guardians here we come! Guardians of the flame! Guardians here we come! Guardians of the flame! Guardians here we come! - Congo! - Guardians of the flame! - Guardians here we come! - Congo nation! - Guardians here we come! - Congo! - Congo nation. - Guardians here we come! Spy boy! Spy boy! - Guardians here we come! - Congo! - Congo nation. - Guardians here we come! - What's going on? - Spy sees spy. That's Congo nation. Hey, Donald told you he was gonna take that walk, remember? Guardians here we come! Big chief coming! Better get ready! Guardians here we come! guardians of the flame! Guardians here we come! - Guardians of the flame! - Oh, no worry. Oh, no worry. Guardians here we come! - My gang is filled with all that courage. - Guardians of the flame! Guardians here we come! - Guardians of the flame! - Congo! Guardians here we come! Guardians here we come! Spy boy! Guardians of the flame! Don't you know my name? Spy boy! Congo nation! - Coochie mah! - Coochie mah! - Flag boy! - Flag boy! - Flag boy! - Flag boy! flag boy! - Flag boy! - Flag boy! Congo! Guardians here we come! - Guardians of the flame! - Congo nation! Guardians here we come. - Guardians of the flame. - Congo. I got the big chief! I got the big chief! Guardians here we come. - Congo. - Guardians of the flame. I'm big chief, guardians of the flame! - Guardians here we come! - Congo! Guardians of the flame! - Guardians here we come! - Congo nation! Guardians of the flame! - Congo! - Guardians here we come! - Guarans of the flame! - Congo nation! I'm the big chief! - Congo! - Guardians here we come! - Guardians of the flame! - Congo nation! Guardians here we come! - Congo! - Guardians of the flame! You ain't ready for my people! Here we come! - Guardians here we come! - Congo! Guardians of the flame! - Guardians here we come! - Congo nation! Guardians of the flame! - Guardians here we come! - Congo! Guardians of the flame! - Congo nation! - Guardians here we come! Guardians of the flame! - Congo! - Guardians here we come! - What's going on? - Respect for respect. Dig? Respect for respect. Guardians here we come! Guardians of the flame! Guardians here we come! - Congo! - Guardians of the flame! Guardians here we come! Guardians of the flame! Guardians here we come! Guardians of the flame! Take another little piece of my heart now, baby. - That's Erma Franklin, baby. - Oh, my bad. Mm-hmm. give me the money. Come again, bro. - And this is still my day? - Still your day. You know, They filmed "pretty baby" in here. Thinking degenerate thoughts are we, Davis? Shame you didn't reserve a room. Look at you, calling your shot. - Pardon me. - Excuse me. $40 high life. huh-nah-nay. Huh-nah-nay. Huh-nah-nay. Huh-nah-nay. Huh-nah-nay. Huh-nah-nay. Hunter's field-- that was wild, man. And all those gangs was from downtown, you said? Mostly. They's pretty, right? Yeah. Oh, you pretty, chief. - You're the prettiest. - Huh-nah-nay. Huh-nah-nay. Huh-nah-nay. Huh-nah-nay. Huh-nah-nay. Huh-nah-nay. huh-nah-nay. Man, they're gonna start some shit. Back in your cars. That's the motherfucker swung on doby. This one right here. Get back in your damn car. Now, God damn it. Let's go. Let's go. Man, this is bullshit. - Hey hey, mama. - Huh-nah-nay. - Hey hey, mama. - Huh-nah-nay. - Papa's jumping. - Huh-nah-nay. - Big tribe's coming. - I can't wait for next year, boy. - Flag boy singing. - Huh-nah-nay. - Wheeling and dealing. - Huh-nah-nay. Big chief grinning. Enough for cable, maybe some groceries. The fuck kind of gig don't kick out more than this - For all that rehearsing and shit? - Girl, you don't even know. You said it was Toussaint's gig. Toussaint's a hard man, baby. Cherry! Cherry! God damn it! - Ready to roll out again, huh? - Yeah, cab coming for me here. I filled up the tank for you. You might make it all the way back to Houston, But that boat eats up gas. Well, pop, you ain't missed a year. Never have. Don't intend to start now. Wouldn't have made it without y'all though. Yeah, it was good to see. Yeah, more will be back next year. Maybe you'll find time yourself. Old school. You don't know nothing about this. That's Louis Jordan. Act like he didn't blast it on the record player Every damn day when we was growing up. You're late. You come in late. You come in late. Try to get back in-- - You ain't keeping time. - I ain't keeping-- Boy, I've been keeping time since your diapers were full of the shit you talking now. - Come on. - Oh, wow. Just play the damn changes. I'm playing the changes. You playing that Chinese shit. No no no. You know, you all modern jazz cats Have got to back your ass up onto some count Basie - And learn how to swing. - Oh, come on now. - All you do is talk - you know all I do is talk - Because I'm trying to teach you something. - Come get your father, please. Anyone calls on my ad, Just write down the offer and email me. I need to sell this truck bad. Give my respects to Daymo's people. - You take care, Jacques. - You show them how to cook in New York. Think so? Welcome anytime, right? What did I do right? I don't have a place right now, So maybe in a couple of weeks. - If it's a problem-- - it's a nightmare. I'm devastated by this. yeah. I have a sofa If you feel that-- I mean, I would stay on the sofa. - You-- I mean, you could stay on the-- We'll-- we'll figure it out. Attention passengers for us airways Flight 1794 with service to Charlotte Douglas international airport. We will begin boarding in ju-- ♪ when ♪ ♪ this feeble life ♪ ♪ is over ♪ ♪ and time for me ♪ ♪ won't be no more ♪ ♪ oh, guide me gently ♪ ♪ safely o'er ♪ ♪ to that kingdom shore ♪ ♪ to that shore ♪ ♪ oh just ♪ ♪ just a closer ♪ ♪ walk with thee, my lord ♪ ♪ grant it, grant it, Jesus... ♪ - ♪ if you please ♪ ♪ oh, daily walking ♪ ♪ close to thee ♪ - ♪ let it be... ♪ ♪ dear lord ♪ - ♪ let it be... ♪ - Yeah? Daymo! Where's my boy? - Jacques, where you at? - On the road. You? No, I was just out back closing everything up. - yeah, mama and 'em left early this morning, But I'm sticking. What's up? What? I'll go get it. No problem. Yeah. Oh, and tell boss lady not to worry. I've got this, all right? - Okay. - All right. All right. Where the hell are my keys at? Ah. No. What you doing? Car's running. I'm looking for my copy of baby dodds record - With Danny barker. - Are you crazy? - And what's all this? - That's my mama's lamp, Me and maestro, some l.P.S out of print. We don't have room for any of that. We're full up as it is. Come on. - Oh yeah! - Batiste! See you in a few days, bats. Look. Why don't I just follow you? All right? Put all my stuff in my car. We've been through this, Antoine. That thing's liable to break down again or we get separated. Get in the goddamn car, God damn it. We're getting out too goddamn late as it is. All right. - shh. - Hello. There she is. Here I am at last. - 16 hours to Huntsville. - Who'd have thought? Hi. Right now it's 175 miles per hour. Thank God my baby's home. - Hey, mama. - I'll get you some coffee. - Okay. - Are you hungry? - No, I'm good. - The official forecast is for a category 5 at landfall, So expect a very very devastating hurricane. Still headed straight for new Orleans. Here's a projected path here. - Here you go, sweetie. - Thank you, daddy. ...Typical of very strong hurricanes, Generally on a line Toward the southeast Louisiana coastline. We expect it to take a turn More toward the north in the next few hours. - Leaving, huh? - He wants to. It's headed straight for new Orleans-- category 5. it'll jog, Last minute, brush by. Always does. Mcalarys-- we don't run from hurricanes so... Later, gents. How many times are we gonna do this, Del? Yeah, it does get old. Y'all should've teft yesterday when you had a chance. - You know how he is. - Yeah. Stay behind to hold down the fort. - Last man standing. - Have you been looking at the weather channel? Yeah, I'm looking at it now. The size of that thing-- Big as the whole damn Gulf of Mexico. - I'm scared, Del. Called it right. We should've got the hell out yesterday morning. Yeah, well, we're here now. Ain't no point in worrying about what we should've done. ...Into the Mississippi coast during the night. But as of now, that is only some speculation by experts. - Meanwhile... Ooh. Thought by getting off the interstate we'd do better. I've never seen traffic like this. At least there's gas to be got. - You reach David yet? - No, ma. We're sorry, all circuits are busy. - the line's busy. I'll try later. Oh fuck. Fuck. Fuck. - This is eerie. - Yeah. - Do you think we should leave too? - In whose car? Besides, I kinda like it like this-- Just you, me and the sky, baby. Look at it. It looks bruised. Mmm. The most dangerous part of the storm is what we call The right-front quadrant of the storm. We think that is going to be moving up here Towards Mississippi, eastern Louisiana, So the effects will be felt tonight. In fact, we do have tropical-storm-force winds - Moving in right now. - Fuck! The hurricane-force winds could extend As far northward as 150 miles. The damage along the coast we think is gonna be catastrophic. There will be a surge of perhaps 25', Waves as high as 30' to 40' near the center. Here is the bottom line on our storm. Extremely intense-- As soon as the wrecker gets free, They'll tow the car down to impound. Officer, that court warrant ain't supposed to be on there anymore. - I swear. It's a mistake. - The last thing I want to do today Is take you downtown. All hell's about to break loose out here. Well, then let me go. I'll pay the damn ticket. I promise. Sorry. It's a bench warrant. I've got no choice. At least let me make a phone call, man. - I've got business that needs to get done. - When we get downtown. Joining wlvt for our continuing coverage Of hurricane Katrina, I'm Maggie Wade. Hey, mama. What'd they have? nothing healthy. Here, grab the ice bucket. Hurricane Katrina gets ready to make landfall As a category 5 storm. Now we have live team coverage of the storm. - What are they saying? - Oh, what they always say. "new Orleans in the crosshairs." It really is a big one. In which case it'll blow straight up Mr. Go's asshole And the whole fucking town will be under 20' of water And toxic waste, and we can all start thinking about Where we want to live the rest of our lives. What do you think, Sof? Cincinnati? - Daddy. - Don't worry, sweetie. It'll swerve at the last minute like it always does And we can all go back to pretending The levees aren't actually made out of Spanish moss and krazy glue. Let's go now back to new Orleans With Ken Jones inside the superdome Lena, we are definitely starting to feel The effects of hurricane Katrina out here. You're looking at live pictures Of Lake Pontchartrain in new Orleans And you are seeing the effects of the hurricane approaching. - right now we want to check in with chief meteorologist Jay grimes, who is tracking Katrina from the storm center. Thanks, George. Let me tell you, folks, You want to stay hunkered down, stay indoors. Looks like right now the eye is almost destined for the Crescent city. ♪ daily walking ♪ ♪ close to thee ♪ ♪ let it be ♪ ♪ dear lord ♪ ♪ let it be. ♪ May the angels lead thee into paradise And at thy arrival, may the martyrs greet thee And take thee to the Holy city, Jerusalem. May choirs of angels receive thee And may you have eternal rest. - The lord be with you. - And also with you. And may almighty God bless you. The father, the son - And the Holy spirit. - Amen. Home. He's home now. It's all right, baby. It's all right. Ma, can we go with daddy? Father Toomey don't approve of all that second-line nonsense. Mama, daymo loved it. Well, I'm gonna let him ride me back home. I'm gonna go with your mother. Stay with the kids. - Benny Jones. - Antoine, sorry for your loss. Take it, Benny. - Play for that fucking money, boy. - "didn't he ramble." Who's dead? Whoo! Sync by n17t01 www.addic7ed.com ♪ this city won't wash away ♪ ♪ this city won't never drown ♪ ♪ blood in the water and hell to pay ♪ ♪ sky tear open and pain rain down ♪ ♪ doesn't matter, 'cause come what may ♪ ♪ I ain't ever gonna leave this town ♪ 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 