Catherine the Great: Season 1, Episode 1 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Catherine the Great 
 s1e1 - Episode #1.1 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Catherine the Great (2019–…): Season 1, Episode 1 - Episode #1.1 - full transcript 
 After throwing her husband off the throne, and having his successor jailed, and eventually murdered, Catherine will stop at nothing to keep her position. Even her own son is a threat to her... 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 This way, Your Majesty. Do you know who I am? - Do you know who you are? - Ruler. I am Lord of all Russia. Cousin of Emperor Peter. You stole the crown from him. You should give it back. One morning... ..I heard birds sing... ...in my brain. A great honor. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 What is? Her Majesty. Paying us a visit at Shlisselburg. Prisoner Number One. Obviously someone very important. - I've heard rumors. Obviously. - Don't listen to rumors. Thank you. I've seen enough. The lieutenant will take you back to the boat. - I've seen you before. - Your Majesty? Lieutenant Mirovich. With the guard here. Yes, you made requests for money to my office. Several times. And we told you to stop. I'm sorry if I offended Your Majesty. I can assure you it was never... It's a mistake to ask rich people for money. How do you think they got rich? By giving it away? 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Your Majesty. Did you appoint Lieutenant Mirovich to guard Prisoner Number One? I'm not sure I was responsible for that, Your Majesty. I don't trust him. Your Majesty, I've been looking at your speech and on pages 12 and 13 I have made some revisions. Revisions? This is my speech, Minister Panin, not yours! I've been working on it for years. You know it's important to me. All I feel, Your Majesty, is that some of it... ..that some of it is too liberal. I'll be the judge of that! What would you like me to do with these? I can think of a place to put it, But I'm not minded to be vulgar, so give it back to Minister Panin. Maybe he can nibble on it for his tea. He's always been very good at eating his own words. Yes, your Majesty. Count Orlov. Don't you remember that young man? Lieutenant Potemkin. He was with us on the day of the coup. When we took your husband from the throne. Peter allowed himself to be deposed like a child being put to bed. She eats men alive. You know that. Sounds like an interesting proposition. Let's listen. When I first came here, from Germany, many years ago, I did not even speak the language. I had little knowledge of the beauties of the Russian church and even less of the courage and the strength of its people. But I fell in love with this country. Its spirit. Its passion. Its soul. But in these more enlightened times, I believe we need laws that everyone respects and obeys. The rich and the powerful, as well as the poor and dispossessed. And so something needs to change. Slavery does not have to be a Russian institution! That didn't go down well. I'm afraid I tried to warn your mother. All of the audience here own serfs. Most of them have thousands. Russia's not ready for change. Is it right for a rich man to own another human being? Which is still the case in this country. Look at Orlov. The man who put her on the throne. And now wants some of it for himself. I believe in reason. I believe in progress. And when the indomitable Russian people fight for these things, and fight to gain a new empire, in which they will be universally acknowledged, then Russia... your Russia... my Russia... our Russia... will be truly and eternally great. She just got out of that one. Patriotism. Always good. You helped her get rid of her husband, Peter III. Correct? And now she thinks she can do what she likes, but does she have a right to the throne? - And what did you get out of it? - And? What are you saying? I'm saying she's a usurper. Now suppose there was a man with a legitimate claim to be the Emperor of Russia. I believe that man is a prisoner at Shlisselburg. They didn't seem to enjoy that very much, did they? Not so much. My son came late and looked bored. Well, he wants your job, doesn't he? "She took the throne. We can take it back," they think. We're not going to let them do that. The army remains loyal to us. Why was Mirovich outside causing trouble? I told you he can't be trusted. I honestly have no idea, Your Majesty. And I can see that it makes him, potentially, a risk as far as the... very important person he is guarding. Oh, well, that's a colossal understatement. Well, if you say you didn't know, you didn't know. But my son must never be told about this. - Of course not. This is between... - You and I. And let us make sure it stays that way. May I make a suggestion? I'm afraid since the coup your position is vulnerable and anyone, however mad, even with a distant claim to the throne is a great risk. Therefore, can I suggest an order that states clearly that if there is any attempt at an escape... ...Prisoner Number One... ...is to be killed. I know it goes against your liberal principals but it comes from me. You had no idea it was in place. It's for your own protection. We cannot risk a challenge to your throne. "Divorce is possibly as old as marriage. Although I suppose marriage is a few weeks older." Voltaire. Oh, you're working. I just passed Count Orlov in the corridor, looking glum. - Oh, my fault I suppose. Men. - Men. - And what are you doing? - I was thinking of wasting your time. If that was all right. Your Majesty. What about the Girls' College? Yes. Yes. That's done. That is approved. - Don't mind me. - Don't worry, I won't. Your Majesty, the Turkish ambassador has sent a strong note to us. If we stray into their territory... Fire and death and the wrath of Allah. Take absolutely no notice. Of course, Your Majesty. Auntie, aren't Christians supposed to turn the other cheek? Especially when people are trying to kill them. Oh! Your Majesty Peter? Still dead? 'Fraid so! I came to tell you I saw the most gorgeous man. - Oh? - In the courtyard round the corner. If he's still there. He may have been snapped up. There's always another gorgeous man around the corner. - How long have you got? - Long enough. - That's Lieutenant Potemkin. - I saw him first. I don't think that's strictly true. Anyway, who is the Empress of Russia? You are, Your Majesty. I think we should inspect him more closely. Lieutenant Potemkin! Are you lost? - I was once, Your Majesty. But not now. - What are you looking for? The Office of the Palace Guard? The Gentlemen of the Bedchamber? It was you, Your Majesty. You. Well, here I am. My regiment said I was to report to your private office. Thomas Dimsdale has arrived, Your Majesty. I have to go. Dimsdale, the doctor inoculating against smallpox? Well, you're very well informed. Yes, yes, I'm thinking of trying it. It's a risk, but then life's a risk, isn't it? From what I've heard, the evidence supports your choice. I'll enjoy speaking with you again. But now, as usual, I am busy. - The Countess Bruce will look after you. - I obey. - Lieutenant Potemkin... - What about him? Yes, it was the day of the coup. I rode in front of the troops, he picked up something I'd dropped. He did. A sword knot for your saber. Yes! He obviously has a talent for picking up things. We should invite him to the dinner. You have an objection to that? How could I? It's not as if we're married, is it? Let's not have this conversation. We've had it so many times. You know it's impossible. - I'm not asking to marry you. - Well, what are you asking for then? Recognition. Gratitude. For what we did for you. - You know you have that. - But in public. Public and private are two completely different things. - Your life is lived in public. - Thanks to you. That wasn't the deal. I can't do this. I'm sorry. I just can't. Sir! How's my big brother? Do you mind? Can I not have a little romance? Oh, is that what this is? What do you think I get at home, Alexei? Can I talk to you for a minute? I'll just be a moment. How's it going with her? She's not the most exciting girl I've screwed in the last... - With her... - Is that any business of yours? It's politics. You fuck it up with her and what happens to all we worked for? She's never going to marry me. Alright? God knows I've tried. We put her there. Without us and our armies she's nothing. She owes us, Grigory. And she knows it. Use that. Does it matter what I wear? Does she care a damn that I'm reaching 19? Does she love anything apart from power? - She loves a lot of things. - A lot of men. She's a very clever and well read woman, sir. As you know she came here when she was 15. Taught herself Russian by... Sleeping with a lot of Russian men. That'll do. For the service I'm sure. Where is she? With the Orlovs probably. Murdering my father has made them close. They kick him off the throne, she becomes Empress, then they kill him. On her orders probably. She's scared they'll kill her unless she's sufficiently grateful. We don't know anyone killed your father, Your Highness. Oh, there's an official explanation? You probably drafted it. "Haemorrhoidal colic." Wasn't that it? Terminal piles! My God! I hate her. You do not hate her. She is your mother. You love her. Although sometimes of course, you hate her. This is only natural. And one day you will succeed her. No ruler lasts forever. One day soon? How soon? - Mother. - Your Majesty. Is that suitable for your coming of age ceremony? - It's not to your taste? - He's becoming a man. - If you'll let me, Mother. - ..not a Head Steward. Look, I just want you to be someone of whom I can be proud. Do you understand? Erm... Ah, that one. Oh, God! It's not me you're interested in. I thought I expressed a great deal of interest. Oh, Lord. I'm interested again. She is the one you want. You're clever. She likes clever men. Madam, I am a lieutenant of no great import. All I have is a liberal education and a great fucking interest. - And she is the Empress of Russia. - Precisely. She is the one you want. Yes, but the higher one climbs... the more visible one's arse. Although that could come to my advantage I'm told. Christ. I have good reason for wanting you to go to this dinner and make a good impression. Yes. The more she likes me, the better for you. Yes? - But where do I come into all this? - You come in... ..right here. Why, is my son so unattractive? It might be something to do with his father. The Emperor Peter was the ugliest man east of Berlin. Yes, and now Paul wants to be Emperor too. The moment he was born, my mother-in-law took him from me. She left me on the floor bathed in my own blood and sweat. From that point on I really... I never saw him. Lieutenant Potemkin. Looking very smart. Who are you trying to impress? Something troubling Your Majesty? That's Lieutenant Mirovich. What's he doing here? Do you know him? Yes, he's a drinker and a gambler. He owes money everywhere. He seems in a hurry to leave. The army is dangerous. If they think they put you in power, they'll always think they can take it. Are you implying Her Majesty's soldiers are disloyal, Lieutenant? I'm saying anyone can be manipulated. Does the man know your son? I'm sorry, Lieutenant, is this any concern of yours? What was Lieutenant Mirovich doing here? Praying I assume, Your Majesty. I really do not know. Will you tell my son I wish to speak with him after the ceremony? - Well, Lieutenant, we must pray too. - Yes, we must. Sir. We should keep our eye on Lieutenant Potemkin. He's dangerous. "The son can do nothing of himself but that which he seeth his father do..." When we come to man's estate we listen to the wisdom of our fathers and claim what is ours by right. A prosperous and peaceful life, health and salvation, and in all the best help give, Lord, to your servant, Paul and keep him for many years. We wait here. Till night comes. Check your weapons. I was 16 when they married me to your father. I didn't know men and women were different under clothes. If you understand what I mean. I brought myself up. So I am afraid I think that maturity is just... - It's a decision that we make. - Is it? Oh! You two, you're always in each other's company. Are you hatching some conspiracy? We were not... We were... Not, not. Ooh, not, not, not, not. Not what? I... I... I think our conversations may have touched on the fact that, at certain stages, some thought that, when Paul reached his majority perhaps he might, erm... Yes? Might? Might what? Many people had envisaged, Your Majesty, that you would act as Regent until Paul attained his majority. After which he would, erm... Yes? What? Take more responsibility, Your Majesty. So many people want the Russian throne. They die trying to get it. And sometimes they die trying to hang on to it. People will tell you lies about what you are, Paul. But remember. You are the son of Peter III. You are the heir to the Russian throne. One day. Never forget that. Now you've reached your majority, I think you should get married. Yes, Mother. Why don't you run along and think about beautiful women. Has he been speaking with the army? How much does he know about Shlisselburg? - Nothing. I swear it, Your Majesty. - Never talk about the succession. Or about power sharing, do you understand me? Yes, Your Majesty. I want responsibility for the boy. That's all, Your Majesty. I have always been loyal to you. Ever since we put his father from the throne. Always loyal. I want you to find out everything about Shlisselburg. I want to know about this Mirovich. I do not employ you to foster my son's illusions about himself, but to protect me from those wishing me harm. And there are many. So... To my son on his birthday! In the expectation of wisdom! - To Paul! - To Paul! Now, you may have noticed there is an empty chair. I have invited one of the brightest and best of our young men. And he is late! Ah, bon appétit! Lieutenant Potemkin! At last! - I am so sorry to be late, Your Majesty. - Well, you look quite ravishing. From the most beautiful woman I've ever seen that is a compliment. No, no, no, no! Before you sit down, everyone has to say something amusing. And we hear that you are very amusing. What should I say in such illustrious company to raise a laugh? "When I first came to this country, a long long time ago, I knew nothing about it. But I fell in love with its people. Their passions. Their soul. The indomitable Russian spirit. And yet this country must change. Slavery is not a Russian institution! Only then can your Russia, my Russia, our Russia, become truly and eternally great." The history of women, Your Majesty, is the history of the worst tyranny, the weak over the strong. In the end, Lieutenant, the strong have the last word. Don't they? - Don't men rule the world? - I'll beg your pardon, Count Orlov. I believe all of us here in Russia are governed by a woman. No one at my table is punished for making jokes. The only crimes are stupidity, gnawing things and yawning. Grigory! She's fucking with you. And so is he. You know who he is! Free him! Ruler... rightful ruler... son of... I am the rightful ruler... - Easy does it. - Free him. Free him! - Orders are orders, Lieutenant! - No. No, no! He was Ivan VI, rightful ruler of Russia. My orders are from Empress Catherine. Catherine is a usurper! - So... You like this boy. - What on earth is that supposed to mean? You made it fairly obvious. I can talk to whoever I choose in whatever manner I choose. Do you know what I hold in my hand? Absolute power. Do you have any understanding of what that means? Well... It can mean nothing at all. May I remind Your Majesty that when we put you on the throne... Now you mind your language very carefully, Grigory. Remember who I am now. Have you forgotten? You would do so at your peril. We killed your husband. I know who killed my husband. I have it in black and white. In your bloody brother's handwriting. Are you holding that over my head? Still? Because you do that. You watch and you wait and then you move against people. Everything I do is wrong, isn't it? So I yawn! Sometimes dinner with you can be a bit fucking dull. You're running out of friends. - What are you thinking about? - Gherkins. What does a Russian think about making love? Gherkins of course! Seriously, though! Seriously, Lieutenant. What you are thinking about? I never know. Thinking about her. The Empress of course. I enjoy spending time in her company. Her being the most powerful woman in the world is entirely incidental. Yes. Oh! Were you looking for Countess Bruce, Your Majesty? Yes, yes, I was. But maybe it's best not to disturb her. Unless of course you like that sort of thing. I'm a married woman, Your Majesty... Would you tell her that she and Lieutenant Potemkin are invited to play cards tomorrow night? The Lieutenant made a most favorable impression. Yes, Your Majesty. They wanted you to see it had been done, Your Majesty. Violence is disgusting. But... - No one else knows? - Mirovich is under guard. He knows they were under orders to kill Ivan. I am afraid everyone will assume that it came from you. Anyone with a claim to the throne is a danger to me. Even this poor deranged creature. - Even... - Your son, Your Majesty? Paul is easily led. There are unscrupulous people in Russia. Fortunately, I am one of them. So as you know. We could offer Mirovich a last minute pardon on the scaffold, on condition he doesn't say anything about this gentleman's death. "We"? Are you suggesting that I offer him a pardon? It is obviously important to be firm. A public execution does that. But I also know that you are inclined to be merciful. Not always. Ask the girl who does my hair. Showing mercy would be popular, Your Majesty. It could be so. I am inclined to mercy where I can be. I hope by now I understand the way your mind works, Your Majesty. So do a lot of people. Put your money down, gentlemen. Bets on, bets on. Quickly. You all lose. It seems everyone knows everything nowadays. The Archbishop has somehow found out about the death of Prisoner No.1. - If he starts talking... - I've had him sent away before he does. I think the English had the right idea in the 16th century. Getting rid of senior clergy and major nobility. Well, Lieutenant. Not only good looking but clever too. I'm lucky to have found you. For those in power must learn to be criminal. "What is any kingdom but a great piece of highway robbery" after all? St Augustine. He reads as well. But will you fight for Her Majesty? And not just feed her smart remarks? Isn't a war with the Turks coming any day now? Will you fight for the Empress? To the death, Your Majesty. May I make a suggestion about this Mirovich? No. You may leave us, Grigory. The rest of you can, too. I want to speak to Lieutenant Potemkin alone. - Tell me... - About? Mirovich. Your judgment of him was accurate. He has done something very foolish. I know nothing about the affair, Your Majesty. I certainly will not raise his name in conversation. Oh, I like you, Lieutenant. Panin has offered him a pardon. That was the Minister's idea, not mine. And why would he do that? Well, the danger is, you see, a man who is about to die may say anything he wishes. He may throw around wild accusations on the scaffold. So, Minister Panin has led him to believe that he is to expect a last minute reprieve on the scaffold, in order to buy his silence. - But, if he pardoned him anyway... - Very good, Lieutenant. If Mirovich is allowed to live, he's always a risk. Always there to be used by your enemies to challenge your claim to the throne. Quite. I must say I suspect Minister Panin's sudden enthusiasm for a show of mercy. The truth is I'm running out of people I can trust, Lieutenant. Do you know, I have never passed a sentence of death. I always wanted to be a merciful, liberal ruler. Must be a very difficult decision. But one that, in the end, only you can make. Potemkin... the coming man! Success at Court is the quickest route to failure, I am told. - I hear you play billiards. - Very badly. Then let us play for money. A thousand if you can sink it. I tell you what. You give me the thousand now. If I miss, I give it straight back plus a thousand. If I sink it, you give me five. Five thousand. What's so funny? What do you gentlemen take me for? Just another ambitious young man who's come to court to make his money. To lie and deceive and flatter his way into power? Yes, yes... you think I want to shine the way the rest of you guys shine? Like rotten wood. Well, there you have it. You owe me five thousand. If you're men of your word, that is. Boys, boys, boys, boys! What are you gonna do? Fuck off! You've done it now. You've killed the bastard. He's better off dead. Did you both kill the Emperor Peter? Or was it just you, Alexei? Alright. Alright! Get off! A lively crowd, Your Majesty. Yes. Yes, they are. Our friend isn't showing much concern, is he? He isn't. I am glad Your Majesty has seen fit to show mercy in this instance. Did I say that was what I had done? "By the grace of God, Queen Catherine II, the Empress and Autocrat of all Russia, have uncovered a conspiracy to put an illegitimate pretender on the throne, and have no hesitation in ordering the supreme penalty for this hideous crime." This is a mistake! I was assured I would be pardoned! This is a mistake! I was assured I would be pardoned! She murdered our true Emperor. - You all know she did. - You're the traitor! Again! Again! What have you done? I spoke to him myself. I never told him anything. - What are you doing? - Isn't it obvious? I'm writing. What about? Ideas about equality for everyone under the law. They're just ideas at the moment, but... It feels like something has changed. Between us. I will always love you. - But it is over between us. - Why? Because you have fallen out of love with me and you don't have the courage to say so. Oh, I know all about those girls you screw. Even if I choose not to comment on it. Because I still care for you. But you want something I cannot give you. You want power. Is that a bruise on your face? Have you been fighting? This fucking thing pushes my tits up too far. I can't go to the ball. Your Majesty! How splendid you look! Your Majesty, someone wants to see you. How do we look, Your Majesty? I think one looks like a lesbian, but I'm not quite sure which one. I'm looking for Potemkin. Too much rouge on this side. Your engageantes are not quite right. I can't let her see me like this. Well... I think your neckline may be too low. But... Like this? You poor thing. You really are in love with her, aren't you? I'm a woman, Auntie! And I'm pregnant! How could that happen? You should get rid of that Fool. Whatever you're paying for his jokes, is too much. You can have my head whenever you need it, Auntie! I keep a spare head. I kept this one from my last job. Oh... didn't she like your jokes, you handsome bastard? I am Victor Heinrich Emmanuel. The Landgrave of Hesse Darmstadt, Your Majesty. I hear you're looking for a wife for Prince Paul. - I have three attractive daughters. - Yes, very beautiful. Very beautiful. Lieutenant Potemkin! I should have killed him. I'm not going to ask who did this to you. And let us not think about revenge. Yet. Come. You know, we will do great things together. And don't you worry. You will have your day. They will not go unpunished. And you will blossom. But not yet. Because the Turks are preparing for war. We need men like you. Now, let's celebrate new beginnings! I want something Russian! 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 