Constantine: City of Demons: Season 1, Episode 3 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Constantine: City of Demons 
 s1e3 - Episode #1.3 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Constantine: City of Demons (2018–…): Season 1, Episode 3 - Episode #1.3 - full transcript 
 John and Chas arrive in Los Angeles while Rachel and Asa watch over Trish. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 That's the same dream I had before all the psychisms came crawling out. Someone's messing with my head. Maybe it's early-onset dementia. Ah, I should be so lucky. Ladies and gentlemen, as we prepare for landing, please be certain your seat belts are securely fastened. No problem. Beautiful, isn't it? We're not on a sightseeing tour, knob-head. I don't know how I let you talk me into taking you along. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 It's my natural charm. You can't resist it. She's my kid, John. I have to be part of this. Besides, you need a driver. I can drive myself. Ha! Come off it. Five minutes behind the wheel, and you'll be wrapped around a palm tree. Good thing I can depend on your nerves of steel. Listen, we're messing with deep, dark magic here, Chas. Deeper than Newcastle? Can't change the past, Chas. No. But you can change this. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Even if we can save Trish... We will. You will. If there's one thing I've learned over the years, it's that there are no happy endings. There never are. There's always a price to pay. No price is too high when it comes to my little girl. Tell me that after you've paid it, mate. Yeah. You're gonna be a huge help. Come on, knob-head, let's go pay a visit to the bastard who's got your girl. You think it's a trap? - John. - What? You think it's a trap? Chas, it's always a bloody trap. Are you sure we're the only ones who can see that... whatever it is? The Shield of Ermed will protect Trish's body, anchor it here while John searches out her soul. Lost souls, mystic shields, demons. This is... Oh, this is crazy. You people go about your lives like sleepwalkers. You have no idea what's out there. The darkness that's hovering on the periphery of your vision. I know more than you think. The darkness you talk about. It nearly destroyed my husband. He was with John in Newcastle. - So you know the story? - Just scraps of it. Johnny boy likes to brag about his exploits. But not that one. It was years before Chas finally told me. - Tell me. - About Newcastle? No. I can't. I just... It wasn't a request. They were inseparable, John and Chas, from the time they were kids growing up in Liverpool. Looked after each other. God knows their families couldn't. Opposites, you know? Chas was attracted to John's unpredictability. And John, he was drawn to Chas's soft heart. I think it was the music more than anything that bonded them. They were obsessed. Had to learn to play. Had to form a band. They spent years performing in shitholes for a percentage of the door. They always thought they were a day away from fame and fortune. Maybe it would've worked out if they hadn't ended up in Newcastle. The Casanova Club was run by a twisted bastard named Alex Logue. Fancied himself a sorcerer. Had what he called "magical convocations" in the rooms under the club. Don't ask me what that means. I don't wanna know. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 