Constantine: City of Demons: Season 1, Episode 1 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Constantine: City of Demons 
 s1e1 - Episode #1.1 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Constantine: City of Demons (2018–…): Season 1, Episode 1 - Episode #1.1 - full transcript 
 Continuing the events of the 2014-2015 series, John Constantine chases a murderous corpse and runs into an old acquaintance with hidden motives. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
  You had an affair, and now she's pregnant? That's great news. I'm so happy... Queen of angels. Last time I ever drink like that. Yeah, right. Tell us another one, John. Jesus! I must be still dreaming. No, definitely not dreaming. What are you? We're you, Johnny. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Like hell you are. "Materialized psychisms," Jung called us. Projections from the unconscious. Your own inner demons given physical form. Oh, that's not good. And the only way I'm going to stop you nasty little buggers is to take you back. Something opened a door between my conscious and unconscious mind and let them out. That's never happened before. Christ. We don't want any! - Open the bloody door, John. - Chas? Maybe this isn't a good time. It's never a good time, mate. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 - You look like shit. - Oh, thanks, mate. And how have you been this past, what is it, nine years? Ten? Since you spewed up all over Renee's auntie at the wedding. Ah, she took it well, I thought. The auntie, not Renee. So, you two lived happily ever after, eh? Not exactly. We've been separated for seven months. Who did you shag then, knob-head? Nobody. If it was as simple as that, maybe we could've... Could've what? Ah, I don't know. We were happy, we really were. In the past few years, I've been in a kind of dark place. Pushing Renee away. Drinking myself sick. I, uh... You what? I thought I was past it, John. After all this time. I thought I was past it. Why are you here, Chas? It's not for marital advice, and it's not 'cause you've missed me all these years. That's for sure. Maybe I have. You were my best mate, John. Since we were 10 years old. Why are you here? Since Renee kicked me out, it's like my whole world's gone dark. Only decent thing I've been able to hold on to is my little girl. - You have a kid? - She's eight years old. I sent you a bloody announcement when she was born. Hmm, must've missed that one. Tricia is... She's the only light in my world. The only hope, and, uh... What? She's in a coma. Doctors haven't a clue what caused it or how to cure it. But I've spent enough time around you to smell the stink of dark magic. It's convenient to pin our troubles on some devil lurking in the shadows, Chas. But sometimes shitty things happen because that's just the way the world is. Just come have a look at her. That's all I'm asking. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 