Perry Mason: Season 1, Episode 3 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Perry Mason 
 s1e3 - Chapter Three - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Perry Mason (2020–…): Season 1, Episode 3 - Chapter Three - full transcript 
 In order to gain an advantage over E.B. and team, wily district attorney Maynard Barnes (Stephen Root) goes public with a shocking new development. Mason (Matthew Rhys) and Strickland (Shea... 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Emily whoever took your son never meant to hurt him. They just wanted money. And something went... ...horribly wrong. Where were you the night Charlie was taken, Mr. Dodson? Or should we call you Mr. Baggerly? Herman is your father? You're under arrest, tough guy. Sister Alice, this is Matthew and Emily Dodson. I saw your picture in the paper and I said, 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 "We must do everything we can for them." Officer Drake, there's something you gotta see. Reporting mentions a blood trail. Yes sir, up the fire escape to the roof. Could be the trail starts on the roof and leads down. Who's George Gannon? "Love no one more than you. Emily." I don't know anyone. Do not lie to me! She had nothing to do with Charlie's murder. These letters say different. Emily Dodson you're under arrest for the conspiracy kidnapping of Charlie Dodson. Criminal activity will be quickly put down, 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 and the laws energetically enforced, to the benefit of all. Gentlemen, gentlemen, I have here the purple prose of a written correspondence between Charlie Dodson's kidnapper, George Gannon, and his lover and co-conspirator, the child's mother, Emily Dodson. Give us a look, come on. All right. We'll allow close-ups in a moment. But gentlemen, I suggest you warn your readers, because the thoughts expressed therein are not for the pure of heart. Co-conspirator, my shirt! They didn't have a thimble of evidence when they arrested her husband for the same crime! I proved Matthew innocent and I shall do the same for Emily. Those letters are mere distraction and titillation! Emily knew her husband was the bastard son of a wealthy man and she was angry she hadn't received her piece of it. She expressed this to George Gannon... ...N-N-O-N, get it right. So the lovebirds worked up a kidnapping scheme. George brought in two hoodlums who had their own snatching ring in Milwaukee, and, as you can see, there was a disagreement when, it came time to divvy up the ransom cash. Saved us the price of a trial. And so received their just desserts? No, gentlemen. For we, the people, were denied our right to judgment, denied our duty to administer justice as we see fit. All right, come on up, get your shot, let the next guy get his, you'll all get your turn. It's all part of the game, fellas. You know that. The D.A. expects us to play the sap for him. But let's use our eyes, let's use our heads. Emily Dodson's no killer. She's a hundred and three pounds soaking wet, gentles. Kind neighbor, devoutly religious, devoted wife. A whore? No, I wouldn't say that. I've never heard of a whore that killed her own baby. This is much worse. You're charging her with murder? Conspiracy kidnapping which resulted in murder, but should we find it was Emily's needlepoint that was used on that blue-eyed boy, I'll strap on tap shoes and add a murder charge, don't you doubt it. She was conned by some cons, and the only reason she's sitting in jail now is... Jimmy, don't forget the neck. I got the neck, no worries. Why hair grows there, I'll never know. No, the only reason Emily's,... She's what? Sitting in jail. She's sitting in jail because the District Attorney is eyeballing the mayor's seat and knows that corpses don't swing pretty for a hungry electorate. Her lawyer can rehearse his defense in the paper all he wants. I'll save mine for a sworn jury. Justice for Charlie Dodson. The noose for his mother! Got it? Let's go. All right, be good, boys. God is gone, I said to myself. God is gone. Near 12 years to the day, leaning beside my mother, in a three-times broke down... Should I be expecting another surprise today? ...four-cylinder Peterson Touring Car. It was just the two of us... I had a little heart-to-heart with Sister Alice about going off script. ...halfway home to Canada. That hot blue sky so heavy, pushing down. Hadn't seen a plate of meat for months... Do you remember that day, Mother? Surely do. Enough money for food or gas. We had to make a choice. And that thought... like a worm digging its way into my ear, into my heart, into my soul... "God is gone." And suddenly, everything went quiet. And brothers and sisters, when I say everything went quiet, I mean the wind, the crank shaft on that Peterson, everything went absolutely silent. Just as it is now. And then, just as suddenly... such a noise in my head. Like a great swarm of insects shouting to one another, or a thousand trumpets blaring in unison trying to flatten the world into powder. I fell out of the car going 25 miles an hour, broke my collarbone, laid there, with the sound taking me over. That was the voice of God I heard. Past all my doubt and despair, there was a voice. Our Lord and Savior's voice telling me to pick up my Bible, and head to Los Angeles, City of Angels. Actually, he said El Pueblo de Nuestra Señora de la Reina de los Ángeles de Porciúncula. That was, um... That was some eulogy you gave at the funeral. Blessed is the hangman. Big hats in the congregation yesterday. Hats that sat there while Emily was arrested. Nothing big in that, Mr. Mason. What's in the bottle? Holy Spirit? Vitamins and saline. I believe we made room in our schedule to talk about George Gannon. Okay. Um, George was employed by your church? Firstly, Mr. Mason, we are horrified to know there was someone under our roof capable of such acts of evil. It has shaken our church. It's shaken all of us. He had good references from his former employers. We plugged him in wherever there was a hole. And what holes other than Emily's was he plugging? I'm sorry. I have words that outrun my head sometimes. I apologize. Mr. Gannon was helping us organize some of our charity drives. And he did some bookkeeping whenever we were shorthanded. What sort of charity drives? We open our doors to all kinds, Mr. Mason. Whatever they enter with, we offer redemption through the unconditional love of Christ. You should come by when you have an hour. I'm on 21 times a week. You should save that seat for someone who's buying. Maybe you don't know what you need - until you see it. - I have seen it, sister. But you haven't felt it. Not in here. If you had, you wouldn't think you were so alone. Is this when you tell me you have a message from my dear departed mother? I do. She said you should be ashamed for leaving the house with your nails like that. Thank you for these, um... Is there someone in the choir I can talk to? -That's where they met, right? -God is with your work. God left me in France, sister. God is with you whether you acknowledge Him or not. Thank you. At the arraignment, you'll be seated up front. This way, when Emily announces to the judge that she's not guilty, he'll see a husband supporting his wife. That's very important. Do you understand? Now, we caught a break with the judge. Fred Wright, he's an old friend. You'll be out of this cell very soon. Now, Barbara here will make certain that you're never alone. That's her job. If any detectives come and talk to you, just clam up and say you're represented by counsel. And it's not legal for them to try, but sometimes detectives don't play fair, isn't that right, Barbara? Stone-face Barbara. Did you hear that, Emily? Yes. Yes, I heard. Did you fuck him in our bed? Let's save that for home talk, shall we? -No. -His bed? -It wasn't like that. -You're a liar! Yeah. What about you? I'm at home stretching pennies - while you're gambling. - Cry me a river. -Not at home. Not... -Charlie was missing for three days and you said nothing about this George -son of a bitch... -Enough of this... If you had said something, maybe they could have saved him. They arrested me, and you still said nothing. They put Charlie in the ground, and I wasn't there! -You let strangers bury our son! -Shut up. You killed our Charlie Boy! Shut up! Shut up! Shut up! Just focus on the task at hand. Husband and wife, together. We'll... We'll have you home tomorrow. The judge knows me. Matthew? Get back here. What the hell is George's body even doing over at County? Well, as it happens, his little love roost is situated across the city line. So, Frank Nance got him, and I got these guys. This is the exit wound, yes? You gotta stop hanging around so many stiffs. But yes, exit wound. What's Frank saying about George? Not much. Blew his own head off with a shotgun. Case closed. Can we flip him? Sure. Get his legs. Well, he won't hurt you, right? "Come on, Strick, I thought we were friends. Put 'er there." Boys, he's a big fella. All right, one, two, three. Did I ever tell you boys about the night man we had? Used to dress up like a cherub, you know, wings and everything, and when a particular stiff caught his particular fancy, he'd do this whole ceremony, see... - Verge. - Yeah? - What the hell is that? - Well, the way I figure it, guy's on the floor and someone stood on his throat. And squish goes your hyoid bone. Virgil, we're gonna need their personals. Yeah, only I can't. Detectives come and bag the whole lot. Holcomb and Ennis? So I'm told. So that guy, you know, the cherub guy? He does this whole ceremony, you know, with the stiff and the wings and some candles and... - We fucking done here yet? - Yeah, yeah. Thanks, Verge. If you ever need a favor... - Sure. Okay. - Yeah. Yeah. Never would've caught him if it weren't for the mayonnaise. So, the D.A.'s story is our man George walks into the apartment, guns down the Polacks. Except the one ain't properly dead. Right. He's lying on the floor. So George... Makes applesauce with his Florsheim. Then he runs home and grabs a shotgun. Because he can't live with the sin. What? And adds suicide to his list of unforgivables? Our George was a complicated little guy. I want you to chase down those references. Maybe somebody can throw some new light on our guy George. I'm gonna hunt for those missing personal effects. Don't E.B. want us bagging witnesses to talk nice about the Dodsons? I'm shifting our priorities. I don't care what they told you. All the evidence from that warehouse mess had been boxed up and hauled off to the D.A. I'm not talking about stuff from the crime scene, they said their personals had been bagged. Yeah, yeah, the clothes and the wallets from the stiffs. I don't fucking have them. Hey. Find out where the hell Broome and Williams are, - will ya? - You still have -the inventory list, right? -If I had the inventory list, I still wouldn't give it to you. The crime scene report you wanted. It's for this asshole. I like your nails. I like them, too. Her nails? What're you, a fag? Hey, Nina? My coffee's gone cold. Warm it up and bring it to me in filing. Is this a joke? There's barely a paragraph here and it could be done in... crayon. I wanna talk to Officer Drake. Christ, you cry either way. You're welcome. And we're done. I, I forgot to mention how fetching I find your shoes... What do you want? All rise! Arraignment part two is now in session. The honorable Frederick Wright presiding. Bailiffs, clear out the standers. If they can't find a seat, get 'em out. Call the case. This is number one on the calendar. The People of the State of California -versus Emily Dodson. -We're doing just fine. Just do as I say. Appearances for the record, please. Your Honor, my client is an innocent woman presently incarcerated on the most risible of charges... Your appearance, please. My apologies, Your Honor. Elias Birchard Jonathan for the defendant, Emily Dodson. For the People, Maynard Barnes, District Attorney. Noted. Arraign the defendant. The defendant, Emily Dodson, is charged with conspiracy to commit the crime of kidnapping. How does your client plead? Guilty or not guilty? Guilty. She said guilty! Order! - No, no, no! No! - Order! Order! - She's not guilty! - Order! She killed her kin! Throw her out! - You got ears! - She said not guilty! She killed her kin! - Your Honor, not guilty. - She killed her kin! She said not guilty! Not guilty, Your Honor! She said not guilty! I'll hear it from her. You've got to say it loud and clear now, "not guilty." Not guilty. Yes, you are! Noted. On the question of bail. Your Honor, the defendant conspired with her lover to kidnap her own baby, which resulted in the murder of said child. Given these grave charges and the strength of the case, the People ask that bail be set in the amount of 25,000 dollars. Your Honor, 25,000 dollars is exorbitant! Emily Dodson is innocent! She's a hardworking housewife coping with the death of her child! We intend to prove at trial that... The trial is forthcoming, Mr. Jonathan, not at present. Given the seriousness of these charges... bail is set at 25,000 dollars. Fred? What was I supposed to do with those letters, Della? Like E.B. said, we had a legal obligation to... Please, don't give me that load of horse shit. You think I don't know how many times -you've "misplaced evidence"? -Matthew is innocent. And what about Emily? You cleared Matthew by putting him at that dice game, but you handed Emily over anyway. At her... her... Jesus, her baby's funeral. Yeah, look, it wasn't supposed to happen that way. Well, then I guess you're off the hook. Meanwhile, that poor woman's head is so turned around, she's ready to hang herself -out of guilt. -She shouldn't have lied. -She should've told us... -Matthew lied, too, but no one seems to care about that anymore because he's got money and she's a slut! You're supposed to be on her side. You were supposed to do better by her. I'm not the one that fucked the kidnapper. If she's feeling guilty, maybe... If she's feeling guilty, it's because every man -around her is saying she is! -Della... Don't you have some windows to go peek in? Are you Officer Drake? - You police? - Perry Mason. Private investigator. I, I read your report on the kidnapping murders. Can I ask you a couple of questions? Private white folk mostly avoid this neighborhood. I've seen more than one chalky fella in a cheap-ass suit lying in the gutter with his throat cut. Well, fortunately you're here to make sure that doesn't happen. Mister, you only think you see me. I just wanna to ask you about that... report. Lipstick calls her mom "Mumsy." Can you imagine? "Mumsy"? Ruthie'd shit herself the kids did that. I'm really not in the mood for this today. So, d'you remember how Percy DuMott offered Lipstick that sales job traveling all over the world? -No. -Well, she got the okay from "Mumsy" to go. But listen here, "Marcia's freehearted vision of life included the fact that danger is within yourself, not without." What? She's gonna suck Percy DuMott's sophisticated cock is what. You really should try the steak. Is that where the advance went? No, no, this is all gonna be expensed. Based on what I'm about to tell you. George Gannon, Mumsy seducer and church warbler, kept a little secret from the Bible dumpers. He counted the take at Lucky Lagoon for a spell. - Are you sure? - Yeah, it took some digging, but I found a note from Al Howard himself. Could be that's where he connects -with the kidnapping Polacks. -I thinking me and you should head out there, have a little gander, few drinks, little roulette, you know, try to blend in, and... - No, but you can't. - I can't? No, you see, you have to do the stuff that gets this fine meal written off in my little book, which is dig up every report you can find written by a cop named Paul Drake. - Whoa, wait a minute. - No, no, I'll settle up here. You enjoy this fine meal. Great work. The casino was my fucking lead! Drink some goddamn water, would ya? And two pounds of the green beans, and not the spotty ones. Look, babe, peaches. Are they too soft? You know I don't like them soft. -Since when? -Since the last time I had -that soft one that was no good... -They make the best cobblers. - Well, that's just... - Officer Drake? Detective? I thought that was you. And this must be the missus. -My wife, Clara. -How do you do? Well, ma'am, I'm just dandy. Mind if I borrow your fella for a heartbeat? Something wrong, sir? Heard about some private dicks sniffing around those shootings. Know about it? Man came up to me on the beat. Told him I got nothing to say to him, read my report. - Perry Mason? - Yeah. -Don't talk to him. -I didn't. Forgive my impertinence, ma'am, but you're what, four months along? About that. Child's a beautiful gift. I think this here's a boy. Sir, give my friends here anything they need. In fact, give them more than they need. They got a little Paul on the way. No. That is very kind, Detective, but... -But what? -It's unnecessary. Of course, it's unnecessary. But it's just my way of saying I'm glad we're friends. Life can be rough on people that got no friends. You here to see the guilty mother, Priestess? "Keep far from a false charge and do not kill the innocent or the righteous." Old Testament? It ain't Irving Berlin. Such a draft in here, you gotta keep yourself warm. How are you, Sister? Mother has got me on a choke leash, but all I can think about is you and what they're doing to you. You shouldn't... waste yourself on me. Emily, I could be you. No, Sister, you... -you wouldn't... -Wouldn't what? Fall in love? I know what it's like to need someone. And what it's like to be lied to. Someone like George? There are a lot of Georges in the world. And a lot of women like you and me. No. Not like you, Sister. It's a long road from Saskatchewan to here. A young woman can find herself awfully alone on it and... not know who to trust. But you weren't alone. You were with... your mother. You had... the Lord. The Lord can be a hard companion. And Mother... Mother was always there. Why did God have me meet George? I don't know. We can't always see these things clearly. Because Matthew, my husband, said that if I hadn't been with him, then Charlie wouldn't... he wouldn't... I killed my baby. I knew she done it. You shut your mouth! This woman is innocent. Well, so am I! I am innocent! I am innocent! You're innocent. Did you steal your baby out of his crib? Did you press a pillow to his face? Stitch his eyes open for a bag of money? You didn't kill your baby any more than I did. Bad men did that. Your husband is mistaken. You're inciting the populace. I'm only here to pray. Keep me safe, Lord, from the hands of the wicked. Protect me from the violent, who devise ways to trip up my feet. The arrogant have hidden snares for me and set a trap along my path. You shield my head in the day of battle. Do not grant the wicked their desires, Lord. Do not let their plans succeed. You know, up until now, I was pretty sure you were gonna jump out of the plane and run back to the farm. I felt like I owed you a good time. Well, you do owe me a decent New Year's Eve. So here's the plan. We're gonna get drunk, we're gonna dance, and at midnight, I'm gonna count down from ten and you're gonna kiss me. Should I be writing this down? I think you'll remember. I need to powder my thighs. Enjoy. Two Manhattans. Excellent choice, sir. You know, Mason, I never clocked you for much of a gambler. Mostly on account of how you're always broke. Actually, Lenny, I'm on the job. Does that mean you might actually pay for these? George Gannon worked here a while ago. What do you know about him? He, kidnapped and killed some kid, didn't he? -You want cherries? -Thanks. Okay, okay, look. I don't know much. He worked in the counting room and seemed a nice enough guy. He quit or get fired? You'd have to ask Al about that. I was hoping you'd talk to him for me. A little of his time would really help me out. -You're working tonight. -What? No! No. I was just... I was catching up with... - Look. This is for you. - Thanks, sir. Happy New Year! Why, um... Why don't we take a break? I'll get us that bottle for... for midnight. - Mason. - Really? Now? Al's ready, now. So, you are working. I have to. Cabrón. I've heard about you, Mason. Not all of it's bad. I'm working the Dodson case. Yeah. Ugly stuff. Who stitches up a kid's eyes? D.A. says George Gannon did. We must be reading different papers. Seems to me he likes the slut for it. Why did Gannon stop working for you? I suppose it was God's will. You fired him? I never even noticed he was here. And then one day, he up and quits. Talking about den of iniquity, wages of sin, what's true in the Bible, blah blah. His cheap dentures flapping, spit going everywhere. I wrote him a solid reference just to get out of the rain. When George was here, you ever see him hang around the hard types? I'm quite choosy about my counting room. I like them brainy and dull as dishwater. Do you mind if I ask around? Now why would I mind that? Come on, ten. Does anyone? Have you seen my, um... How much did you clear? Enough to buy a shitty run-down dairy and turn it into a second runaway. You can't be talking about my dairy because that's a historical monument. Is that right? Yeah, six of the last seven presidents made a pilgrimage just to taste Mason's Certified Quality Milk. So, did you find your killer, killer? I did all right for a night. You could just tell me you like me. I want my kiss. Okay. How do you feel, Papi? Wet. E.B.? E.B. You ready to go? Della. Of course. I was just... I was just... I got nothing to say to you. I got a bunch of your reports, Officer Drake, and not one of them reads like that kidnapping write-up. You... You've got an eye for detail, you're thorough, you know exactly what should be... You nosy son of a bitch. You steer clear of me. You got that? - Listen. - Got nothing I want to hear -from you. -So you're just gonna play nigger for the D.A. and his boys, is that it? 'Cause George Gannon ain't no fucking killer and you know it. You saw something and you changed something in that... Do you see this? This means I can kick your white ass dead and no one would say a goddamn thing. Reckon that makes you the nigger. Confucius... what do you do with that thing when you wanna eat soup? Ladies, hey, what's for lunch? I'll go with her. You look like a likes-girls- to-piss-on-him type. How do, Jin? You take a room today? Partner's got the engine running outside, so, just the paperwork. A little light. I can shut this place down in a heartbeat. Mr. Woo Sing is not happy. Tell Mr. Woo not to worry. Police asking questions about him at Lucky Lagoon last night. What police? Mason. Something Mason. Write the truth, you'll sell twice the papers. They're squeezing the negro cop, E.B. He is sitting on something, I'd bet my house on it. Your house ain't worth the nails holding it up. Della! For the 14th time, will you get me Herman Baggerly on the phone? I've left him three messages already! Then that means you've ignored me 11 times! Emily is withering away in there, we need that bail! What did you get on Gannon? Your penmanship is atrocious. His church choir called him wallpaper. He used to be an accountant at a desert casino. There is nothing about this man that makes me... -Wallpaper? -Chicago Tribune calling, Chief. Point is I don't make him for a throat-stomping gunman, and my gut tells me neither does Drake. -Who's Drake? -The cop that found the bodies! So, what does the,  mightiest paper in the Midwest want with E.B. Jonathan? Emily Dodson is a murdering gash who don't deserve nothing but the noose. That was not The Chicago Tribune, Della! Della! Della! Sometimes I think this is no longer my world. So... - my gut tells me Drake... - Your gut isn't running this show, boy-o. I tell you what to do. I tell you what to bring me. You're making holes in your soles chasing after things that I can't use! Maynard is crucifying her and it's having an effect. A jury is not gonna give two cents for what some Negro flatfoot thinks about dead gangsters who got what was coming to them. -It's a simple case. -Holcomb leaned on Drake - to change the... - I'm talking now! You work for me! You made me lose my thought. -A simple case? -Thank you. Simple. Emily's in on it with Gannon or she's not. Now this casino angle of yours may be something I can use. Did the Poles ever frequent the place? What is it, Della? It's from Mr. Baggerly. Finally. Bring it here. Are you getting enough sleep, E.B.? I think we got fired. That you, babe? Yeah. I got something to show you. That kind of a day? Seems like. Well, you just put your feet up and take a look at this. Baby powder. Now I know your mama used cornstarch. My mama used cornstarch. Hell, every baby ass on this block dusted halfway to a hushpuppy with that stuff. But I figured, what with all the money we saved with getting all that free food, we may as well just try it out. Smell it. It's real nice. Well, you must have one hell of a nose. Shouldn't have taken that food. - What? - Shouldn't have taken nothing from that man. - Don't be silly. - Clara, you seen him. -You see what he is. -Yeah, I know what he is. Then how am I supposed to eat it? With a smile and a thank you. 'Cause we're lucky to have it. 'Cause there's plenty of folks out there who don't. It's not luck, Clara. He got his claws in us, that's what this is. Baby, you gotta stop and think. I beat a man down today, Clara. He weren't doing nothing, just his job. Trying to find the truth and I beat him down. I'm supposed to be police, not some... What you're supposed to be is my husband and a father to your child. Now, I don't know this man, and I don't care about him. I care about us. Paul, you got a good job. You are police. Not a porter, not a janitor, and not busting dirt back home. So if this peckerwood son of a bitch wants to keep our bellies full in exchange for you doing him a favor, you do it. Paul... you do it. Not for him. You do it for us. You need to tell me next time you visit that girl. You know we're doing Holy Miracle today. We're doing three times today, so you're gonna have to suit up. I'm gonna kill someone -with that fishing rod one day. -Wonderful. They can put you in a jail cell with your best friend Emily. You have never seen someone more forsaken. I tried reading, I tried prayer. Words would not come out of her mouth. Maybe she has no words because she's done the very thing she's charged with. God is testing us, Mother. No, you're just bored. And you found yourself a new toy, a frog in a mason jar. It's lizards in Los Angeles. We had a murderer amongst us. She laid with that man. It's just my opinion, I'm not forcing it on anyone in the assembly. You are the assembly. You are the Temple. You are every cornerstone laid for every church -chapter we built. -Don't say that. Even if it's true, it's not helpful to hear that. I'm sorry. I don't mean to pile it on. It's just... It's just... It's my way of saying... this woman does not walk the path of God. And we need to distance ourselves from her, for all the wonder we've made here. You know... I wouldn't be here asking if... It's a no, E.B. I'm not ask... I'm not asking for a gift, just a small-term loan since... everything I've done for you. You're kidding, right? Escrow juggling bullshit. There's no reason to bring up the particular past. But you nearly got us disbarred. I'm here as a courtesy, maybe some hot gossip. All you've done for me. Fuck off, E.B. Herman Baggerly has withdrawn his support. Baggerly's out? Yeah. -Yeah. -Jesus, man. What kind of a lawyer would I be if I can't get my client out on bail? -Give the girl a plea. -She didn't do it, Lyle. Maynard called me. Said he wanted to talk about our, -our old partnership. -What? I told him that I was, it was not in my interest to discuss the past. But if he digs, you know there's something there. How about this? Forget the loan. Put in a call to Judge Wright and see if you can pull a bail reduction for me. Jesus. Elias, you're not listening. I can save this girl. You can what? I just need a little help. Elias, plead out the case. Don't fucking drag me into this. And don't call me again. The kidnappers had a detailed plan. They knew who you were, where you were. Had it not been that night, it would have been the one before or the one after. You really think Emily was a part of it? She laid with the man that murdered your son. You heard her say guilty. Consider the cold light, Matthew. I came home mean sometimes. Maybe that's why she went with that guy. It's in our blood. We have a weakness for... degenerate femininity. My mother was not a degenerate. While you were here living it up, my mother and me, we did with nothing. It's not easy... what we've been doing here. Wasn't easy, this deal. It was cowardly of me. It was not Christian, and I would like to atone for that. I'd like to show you something. What's this? The town of Girard. It's about 30 miles from here in the western corner of this very valley. Help me build a city of faith. Of family. Far from the corruption of Los Angeles. What's she doing here? Good evening, Sergeant. Visiting hours are from 7:00 AM to 5:00 PM... You know me. I have a document for Mrs. Dodson to sign. What kind of document? A new retainer agreement. Why does she need a new retainer? I don't have to tell you that. Why aren't you with Emily? I need to see Emily Dodson now. I can't do that, ma'am. This precinct has been court-ordered to have a matron with our client at all times! You can't do it! I need you to keep your voice down, ma'am. I will call Judge Wright's office, I will call him at home, I will find him wherever he is and tell him that you are in violation of his order, Sergeant! Open that door! All right, I'll open the door. I just need to find the right key. Yeah. Find me your badge number, while you're at it. Emily? Emily! - Detectives! Emily Dodson! - Detectives! Hey, hey, hey. Stay back, stay back. Get the fuck out of the way! What is this? Is that a confession? Are you slapping a confession out of her? You got the wrong impression, Miss. We got rules here. She was getting a little hysterical, so we had to restrain her for her own good. I think she wants to hurt herself. Ain't that so, Mrs. Dodson? No, no. Emily, look at me. It's okay. It's okay. You're all in big fucking trouble! Come on, it's not like we never been fired before. No one's... fired. Yeah? Who's paying us? Look, E.B. will figure it out. All right? He's... he always comes through in the end. Well, consider me reassured. Christ. Ruthie's gonna have a conniption. I was working on the biggest case in the city. I was getting blowjobs, Mason. Actual fucking blowjobs. To Ruthie. Look, I'm trying to get drunk, not grow a conscience. Happy days... Days. This one's really got its hooks in me. Me too. "The employees of the store presented Marcia with an elegant and complete set of baggage. All matched in dark green grosgrain leather and monogrammed in gold. - My entire life is changed, she thought... - Give Ruthie my love. Jesus! Fuck. Fuck, Mason! That's my truck there, pal. There's no milk in it. Only an eighth of a tank if you're looking to siphon some... I've been looking for you. Papers all say Dodson lady confessed. And from where I sit, looked like the D.A. got her rails greased straight to the noose. So why are you digging so hard? Because she's innocent. Stupid fucking answer. It's the way I play the game. Blood trail at the crime scene led onto the roof, not down like how they changed it. Who changed it? Holcomb and Ennis. Had me change it how they said, but the blood trail went up the fire escape, to the edge of the roof. Down in the alley, I found what I think was dried blood and this. What is this, teeth? That's it. That's all I got. And if any of this comes back to me, I will deny every word. Five miles to Gomorrah, Captain Cain! I can only see her golden shores now, Haman. Hand me over another bottle of that moonshine-y hooch, haha! That's your third one already, Captain Cain. Hands off Jezebel and back on the oars, Gommoarahsman. Captain Cain, you never let me have any fun! Well, then show me them gams, girl! Look out, Captain! There's a swell swell approaching! Holy Mackerel! I think ya meant Holy Miracle! Whoa! Whoa. - Hey, hey! Jesus! Slow down! - Calm down! George is dead. He ain't going anywhere! Yeah. What if they already cooked him? Then he's still dead! And now he's just a burned pile of ash. Hey, hey, car, car! - Jesus! Dammit! - All the contradictions! The mousy wallflower who's a cold killer. The God-fearing Christian who commits the sin of suicide. We missed the most fucking obvious one of all! What's that? What kind of accountant burns money? They were drowning in sin, now they're bone dry in deliverance. Bow to Stern, Port to Starboard, tanning their hides in the light of our Father's Kingdom! Let's sing these Sinners to sturdier shores, what do you say, Brothers and Sisters? We're going to need all of our strength... to make it back to shore... Do you hear the voices? Alice? Alice? You're gonna be okay. Get Dr. Bundy, now! Now! I can't get to the ones in the back. -All right. Help me move him. -No fucking way. Just fucking do it. -No. -Want me to tell Ruthie about the hat-check girl? Or the cigarette girl? Fuck you. Aw, Jesus. -Aw, fuck. -Shut up. -Shut up! -They're fucking naked! All right, George. Did you kidnap little Charlie? You walk into that apartment and gun those men down? Or did something else happen? Something you've been waiting to tell me? Something... I never thought to ask. Who killed you, George? Alice. Alice, come back to me. Come back. DOCTOR BUNDY Give me room, please. Okay? Get in there now! Get in there now. How about that, folks? Sister Alice, steering from the rough water. She's going, she's going. - But sometimes that water... - Get something to drink. ...can be a little rougher than you think. But this... God's here with us. God's here with us. This is the good work that we witness, so let us rejoice! Rejoice! Mama, we don't have to worry about Charlie Dodson. God told me just now. What did God tell you? I'm going to resurrect him. Would you repeat that, Sister? You're gonna fight. Let me hear you say it! I'm going to fight! And you are gonna help me. You had an episode. You misspoke. You think I want God in my head? Charlie Dodson will rise again! Blasphemy! Georgie didn't ice those steps. The police report is a fairy tale, and you're gonna help me prove that. You guys are breaking so many laws right now. Drake told us the blood trail went up the fire escape. Not down. You're saying there's a fourth man? You better pray E.B.'s bum ain't playing this better than you are. -What the hell you doing here? -Just looking for justice. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 