A Cook's Tour: Season 1, Episode 5 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 A Cook's Tour 
 s1e5 - Wild Delicacies - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 A Cook's Tour (2002–…): Season 1, Episode 5 - Wild Delicacies - full transcript 
 Cambodia: With a friend along for the ride, Tony travels to Phnom Penh, Cambodia, where he explores a food culture that is both pleasing to the palette and slightly frightening. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Welcome to my world. Two escargot, pate, frisee, two green salads. OK, pan is hot here. Lamb chop, steak frites. Shouldn't you be doing something? Two smoked fillet and a pepper steak. Come on, make the dessert. Chocolate tart, please. ANTHONY BOURDAIN NARRATING: As a cook, tastes and smells are my memories. And now I'm in search of new ones. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 So I'm leaving New York City, and hope to have a few epiphanies around the world. And I'm willing to go to some lengths to do that. I'm looking for extremes of emotion and experience. I'll try anything. I'll risk everything. I have nothing to lose. I picked Cambodia as a place to go, because I knew nothing about it. And because it was the last place on earth that I guess I really wanted to go. Maybe you've seen the killing fields. This is just about all I knew of Cambodia. I guess the first thing that struck me was, gee, 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 it looks just like the movie-- familiar, frightening, and a little intimidating. At first it's a little depressing. And you really wonder what people see in it. But the country grows on you. The people are lovely, and the food is eye-opening and mind-expanding. Using aromatic herbs and spices, traditional Cambodian cuisine is both complex and accessible. Fat and meats are used sparingly, while vegetables, fruits, and fish are used liberally. We're in beautiful downtown Phnom Penh, Cambodia. This is where madman, missionaries, relief workers, journalists, and backpackers, and Westerners come to behave badly. Going to buy some crunchy, tasty, breakfast, maybe a little fruit, pick up a little picnic lunch, and then go discharge some heavy weaponry. First, a haircut. ANTHONY BOURDAIN NARRATING: Last night I was at the appropriately named Heart of Darkness Bar. And I was told by a local expatriate who had been here for some time the four rules of survival in Cambodia. One, always wear a condom. Two, don't drink the water. Three, throw out your anti-malaria pills. Four, for God's sake, stay away from the durian fruit. Stay away from it? That's all I needed to hear. Vic Chenko's back, and he's got a kicky new summer do. I'm ready. I can appear in public in Cambodia. Let's eat. Let's go eat some crunchy bugs and little birdies, and have some fruit, maybe kill something. ANTHONY BOURDAIN NARRATING: All right. I'm on the hunt for the king of all Asian fruits-- the elusive, terrifying, melon-like durian. A man here can get easily distracted in the market. I like identification of this product before I put it in my mouth this early in the morning, I think. An even identification might not do it for me, actually. The colors are beautiful. Maybe for lunch. Maybe we'll pick it up for our picnic. ANTHONY BOURDAIN NARRATING: The food in this place is really challenging my intestinal fortitude. My culinary bravado is starting to shrivel. There's stuff here that's alarmingly bright, sort of unnatural colors, and jelly-like. That, I think, I'm going to lay off of. That looks radioactive. I try not to eat food that exhibits color that does not exist in nature. And then of course there's some stuff I know what it is, but I don't think I'll be having any, like the chicken skin and giblets. I see something I'm curious about, though, that I might [INAUDIBLE] for breakfast. ANTHONY BOURDAIN NARRATING: All right, here we go. Crickets. Let me get one. Let's get five. Head first or tail first? Any way. Mm, those are good. ANTHONY BOURDAIN NARRATING: Could use a beer with it. Kind of a cross between french fries and beef jerky. ANTHONY BOURDAIN NARRATING: All right. Enough distractions. Back to the mission at hand. I want durian, must have durian, need durian, have to get some durian. Where is the durian? I should be able to smell it. I know it's around here somewhere. Oh yeah, baby, the terrifying durian. Do they have to sell you a whole one, I'm guessing? We'll buy a knife. And we'll buy some stuff. And then we'll tear into this someplace. If you could pick me out a nice one, just wrap it to go. I saw kitchen equipment over. We're going to trying to get us a nice meat axe to cut the durian with. I gather from my limited reading on this subject that one does not want to be in a closed, confined area with a lot of people around when you hack into this thing. ANTHONY BOURDAIN NARRATING: This is dirty diaper smelling fruit can weigh up to 12 pounds. Now that's a load. OK. We got our cutlery. [INAUDIBLE] a little picnic for ourselves, including a single durian in this double-wrapped bag here. Elephants, upon smelling durian, might charge and choose to stomp on me. This cost $10 US, or $8 US, which is a lot for a piece of fruit, anywhere in the world. So people really like this. This is hugely popular all over Asia. But it's a love hate thing. Because it stinks to high heaven. But apparently it's absolutely wonderful and addictive. I've heard about it in the States, people talking about it as an experience that they keep coming back to. It's a message board online, like how do I score durian in the United States? How do I get durian to the United States? So this is it. ANTHONY BOURDAIN NARRATING: The inside of the durian has five compartments, containing the edible, custardy pulp. It almost looks like a lobe of foie gras, doesn't it? It's scary looking, huh? It's almost smoky. It's actually really good. This is really good. It stinks to high heaven. It doesn't taste like it smells. It's actually subtle, kind of fruity. But the smell is very much part of the experience. Rich as all hell. You need to, like, bring your friends to this experience, if you have any friends left after you've transported it. They're not going to love you for that. Now as I understand it, one by one of these little swallows, cups it in one's hands, and then releases it with a wish. And presumably in return for your kindness and act of mercy, you will be granted this wish. Here we go. I'm making a wish. I hope that the smell of durian leaves me soon. ANTHONY BOURDAIN NARRATING: I've been told about a rather, how shall I say, unique eating experience about 15 kilometers out of town. I'm a little apprehensive. It's on a military base. OK, I guess I didn't to call ahead for reservations. What do you recommend? Yeah, I think we're going to try the K57. Let's do two magazines to start. So I'm kind of hungry. I'm thinking maybe play a little with a handgun. And then we'll snack. ANTHONY BOURDAIN NARRATING: This is no ordinary eatery. Sure, you can order drinks and snacks. But the specialty of the house is firearms and artillery. Nothing like a cold Angkor and the smell of cordite in the morning. I don't have a lot of breakfasts like this in New York. Maybe I should. I'm sure our audiences have noticed the similarity between and a young Sean Connery. That's what we're shooting now, chosen gun of James Bond, a Walther PPK. ANTHONY BOURDAIN NARRATING: A lot of things in my life that I've done that have felt really, really good have had at least an element of shame involved. Thanks. OK. That'll do me. ANTHONY BOURDAIN NARRATING: Even if you're talking about a really good, really big, really rich meal, you feel a little bit ashamed of yourself afterwards. Why is it that shame and pleasure are such close partners. ANTHONY BOURDAIN NARRATING: So as I leave the shooting range, I'm feeling a little bit of shame. Although I did have a rollicking good time. But I still reek of that durian. I've been traveling around Asia, eating alone, strangers gawking at me, and chattering in strange languages, eating every variety of strange food. It's lonely. So I'm very grateful and very happy with my friend and boss, Philippe, the owner of Les Halles, my restaurant in New York, decided to join me in Cambodia. I hear there's some organ meat in the market that Philippe would go crazy for. The French love organ meat. We should point out that this market is like 130 degrees. I have walk in a crouching position under a tent, which ensures that all that nice heat and every gas from the decomposing carcasses all around us rising up around you. This is all appetizing. ANTHONY BOURDAIN NARRATING: So we're in for a treat. It's always good to rely on a Frenchman. Philippe's an adventurer and a colonialist in the best sense of the word. I love Philippe, and I love food. And it's really fun to travel with him. But you know, as with all things French, it's a love hate thing, too. Philippe tends to get me in trouble. He wants to eat everything. There is a fish here that has been-- Butterflied, the major part of the rib removed, and the rest hung and smoked. [INAUDIBLE] appetizing. Going to the insect district. [INAUDIBLE] or that's a little bird? That's a little bird. We want a small one. Let's have some crunchy little birds. ANTHONY BOURDAIN NARRATING: Fried chicken, Cambodian style. Roll it in a little of this stuff. Salt and pepper and lime with everything. Good. It's delicious. I'm so happy. This is so good. Take a bag of those to a Knicks game. See here, look. This is what I was talking about. My last LSD trip looked just like this, by the way. ANTHONY BOURDAIN NARRATING: From what I can tell, this gelatinous substance is a real favorite for breakfast. Oh man, I'm going to have to taste this. But I think I'm going to let Philippe go first. This one here, little bit. Not much. It's a bit very Jell-o-like, very bland. It's almost like a negative taste, less than taste. OK, that sounds right up my alley. It tastes like tea, like jelly green tea. [INTERPOSING VOICES] We're headed to the tripe section. Philippe saw some really nasty bits of pig guts that-- well, you know, he's French. Oh, thank you. Need I say more? I'll take this as a compliment. So this is [INAUDIBLE], right? OK, like this, yes? ANTHONY BOURDAIN NARRATING: Big buckets of steaming, nasty-looking tripe. I make tripe very well in the classic French manner. But I don't particularly like it. I think it smells like wet dog. So this particular tripe, I don't even know what animal it's from. And it's in a big nasty-smelling heap with tongues mixed in there somewhere. Well, this is caviar to Philippe. He's got to have this. Lemongrass tripe. Oh yes, see. ANTHONY BOURDAIN NARRATING: I'm convinced he's poisoning me at this moment. I'm wondering why he hates me, why he's doing this to me. But you know the French. They're a mystery. Remember, they like Jerry Lewis over there, too. ANTHONY BOURDAIN NARRATING: I'm thinking, run away, run away! Philippe is like, eat more tripe. Eat more bugs. Let's try that. I'm like, get me back to the hotel. I want a grilled cheese sandwich. I finally drag Philippe away from the claustrophobia of the market and the organ meats. I'm in need of some open space. Having digested the culinary delights of the market, I'm ready to find the floating village on Lake Tonle Sap that I heard about. [INAUDIBLE] going out to a floating village. As I understand it, it is a fishing village. It's a reasonably self-contained community. ANTHONY BOURDAIN NARRATING: As far as what we expect, once again, won't know till we get there. But it's apparently an entire floating community. I mean by that their houses float. Their livestock pens float. They operate floating fish farms, floating restaurants, floating businesses. Their entire lives, their entire communities, are waterborne, and move from place to place as situation requires. Philippe, once again, decides and he's going to risk life and limb-- my life and limb-- for emotional reasons, and for an adventure. He's not content to eat in a restaurant. He wants to eat local food. And he sees a woman cooking food for her family. [INAUDIBLE] rice with whatever she's preparing, [INAUDIBLE] fish concoction. ANTHONY BOURDAIN NARRATING: And says, oh, let's eat what she's eating. I think she's very surprised to have us come along. And we're very aware of the fact that she very likely has little food. So all we want is a little taste to see what she's doing. So what is it? [SPEAKING_CAMBODIAN] [INAUDIBLE] Philippe. Outstanding. Chose the right place, Philippe I think they're selling ballpark franks over there [INAUDIBLE]. ANTHONY BOURDAIN NARRATING: And all she's doing is stir frying a mixture of pork and fish, served with rice and a little green onion. It smells so good. Sugar. Sugar. Some sort of sugar syrup [INAUDIBLE]. Like a pure sugar cane syrup. ANTHONY BOURDAIN NARRATING: Pay attention, though, to how hot that wok is, how controlled the heat is, how well she manipulates the flame, and the pot, and the wood to apply heat to cook this very simple but very nutritious meal. This woman is very kind, and very generous. And I think curious, and maybe a little awed at the strange freakazoids who want to have a little taste of her food. Oh, look at this. My God. Thank you so much. [INAUDIBLE] look at this. You first. You sniffed this meal out. Ah, little pepper. Oh yeah. [TAKING DEEP BREATH] Let me roast it a little first. Yes, like this, yes? OK. Mm, smells delicious. Mm! Mm! I'll be back here. That is good. ANTHONY BOURDAIN NARRATING: Yes, it's simple. It's honest. And it tastes good. Freshwater clam. ANTHONY BOURDAIN NARRATING: It's the people that make the difference. And if you're going to travel, it's always wonderful to eat what the people are eating at your destination. This is the way they feed themselves. This is the way they live. This is what they're eating. This is not hotel food. I am aware, however, as I'm eating it, she's washing the pot in the river water, that I should probably because of my gastroenterologist when I return to New York. You know, I'm reconsidering travelling with this guy. That does me. Very good. Thank you. Thank you, thank you very much. Here comes dessert. It's like bananas flambe. It's basically-- it looks sweet to me. ANTHONY BOURDAIN NARRATING: There's a little floating dessert boat that pops up alongside. I guess they see us from a little downriver and come sailing up with some caramelized bananas and fresh fruits and sweets. PHILIPPE (OFFSCREEN): So it's only fruits, right? ANTHONY (OFFSCREEN): It smells so good. PHILIPPE (OFFSCREEN): That is mango, Pickled mango. OK, shall we start with this here? Yeah. Mm, that's great. Spectacular. This is good. ANTHONY BOURDAIN NARRATING: So if you're really curious about a country, eat how everyday people eat. And this is how everyday people eat in this village. Sometimes you find satisfying meals in the strangest places. It was good. I just violated absolutely every Lonely Planet Traveler's Guide there is, and loved it. Let's see, unripened fruit, [INAUDIBLE] coliform bacteria. ANTHONY BOURDAIN NARRATING: And that's why I love Philippe, and why I hate Philippe. He's so happy. [SINGING_IN_ITALIAN] ANTHONY BOURDAIN NARRATING: He inspires both the best and the worst in me. So this was something I'm glad I didn't miss. Hookworm and liver fluke-- add that to the Lonely Planet violations today. ANTHONY BOURDAIN NARRATING: Philippe and I have traveled from Phnom Penh to Siem Reap to explore the last vestiges of a once mighty empire, and to discover high end Khmer cuisine. Angkor Wat, looking good. You don't see this in Jersey. ANTHONY BOURDAIN NARRATING: Truly one of the most imposing sights of the ancient world, a city of temples in the middle of the jungle. You can't even take pictures of this. It's too big. It's just too beautiful. It's too intricate. It's endless. There's a nice view here of one of the seven wonders of the world. ANTHONY BOURDAIN NARRATING: It's the child's dream of adventure. There you are, standing next to evidence of a magnificent and intricate ancient civilization. You're dwarfed by the scale and the volume of it all. This was the pinnacle of the Khmer empire. And I'm ready for a meal that matches the grandeur of this experience, or at least comes close. Home to the famed Angkor Wat temples, the city of Siem Reap has a world class hotel that caters to foreign tourists. This is Philippe's last night in Asia. He's got to get back to Les Halles. So as an appropriate sendoff, we decide to have in the hotel a royal Cambodian meal. After a morning spent eating tripes and tongues and bugs in a rather rundown and not so tidy Phnom Penh, and an afternoon spent firing automatic weapons outside of town, I decided that we deserve to live like colonial imperialist big dogs. ANTHONY BOURDAIN NARRATING: So we tuck into some really excellent, very well prepared, very subtle, very precise, colorful food that really, for the first time, gives us a sense of the possibilities inherent in traditional Khmer cuisine. We have a first course here-- beef, crushed peanuts, black mushrooms, an mint sweet basil in a fresh rice paper wrapping. [INAUDIBLE] really fresh. ANTHONY BOURDAIN NARRATING: Sure, it's an eggroll. But it's a damn good one. Pumpkin and lemon grass soup with a dollop of coconut milk. Lovely, thank you. Pumpkin, cool. And a nice touch, a cumin stirring stick that infuses flavor. Delicious. ANTHONY BOURDAIN NARRATING: Beef sauteed with garlic, red peppers, and soy sauce, served in a banana leaf. [INAUDIBLE]. ANTHONY BOURDAIN NARRATING: And garnished with deep fried threads of ginger, turmeric, potato, and taro. That's extraordinary. [INAUDIBLE]. ANTHONY BOURDAIN NARRATING: Whole grouper, steamed with shiitake mushrooms, topped with red pepper, cilantro, scallions, and fresh ginger, and finished with hot oil and a chili sauce. A really good meal, beautifully presented. A truly inventive use of local ingredients, creating rich and textured dishes. We did well. We did well. [INAUDIBLE] idea. ANTHONY BOURDAIN NARRATING: I'll miss Philippe. But I'm recharged, and ready to move on for more food adventures. [MUSIC PLAYING] 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 