All in the Family: Season 5, Episode 13 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 All in the Family 
 s5e13 - Archie's Contract - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 All in the Family (1971–1979): Season 5, Episode 13 - Archie's Contract - full transcript 
 A corrupt door-to-door salesman takes advantage of Archie's reluctance and inability to study the finite details of a home improvement contract, and sells him $2,000 worth of aluminum siding, purportedly to prevent heat loss in the home. Irene and the Jeffersons are left to bail Archie out after the siding is found to be worthless. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 ? Boy, the way Glenn Miller played ? ? songs that made the hit parade ? ? guys like us, we had it made ? ? those were the days ? and you knew where you were then ? ? girls were girls and men were men ? (Both) ? mister, we could use a man ? like Herbert hoover again ? didn't need no welfare states ? ? everybody pulled his weight ? (Both) ? gee, our old lasalle ran great ? 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 ? those were ? the days here I am. Oh, good morning, Archie. Good morning, Edith. And now that that's out of the way, let's get to the breakfast. What would you like? Well, I got a guy coming over to see me in a couple of minutes so, make it something fast. Cereal. Oh, all right. What kind do you want? I don't know, Edith. Just surprise me. Oh, all right. Ah, I'll give you cheerios. Why? Or, would you rather have jolly Jacks? They're sweeter. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Good. Or captain crunch is crunchier. Swell, Edith. Well, which do you want? You said you was going to surprise me. Oh, yeah. I'll give you cocoa puffs. What a surprise. Who is this man you're expecting over? Well, he's the guy that mcnab introduced me to over at kelcy's. See, he's got to go over to mcnab's house and give him a free heating inspection over there. So, he was talking to me, took a liking to me, said he'd come over, do the same thing for us. (Edith) Oh! He's gonna show us how to save money on fuel, for free. Ain't that nice. What's he selling? Aren't you listening to me? I said it's for free. He ain't selling nothing. Oh. How can he make a living by selling nothing? Volume, Edith, volume. Oh, hi, Louise. Good morning. Edith, can I borrow your waffle iron? Ours is broken. Oh, sure. Well, ours ain't much better there, Louise. The waffles come out looking like half soles no, they don't, Archie. Here you are. Thanks, Edith. How's George's cold? Oh, he hasn't got a cold. He's got a severe case of hypochondria. Oh, jeez, Louise. I hope he don't come spreading that around here. You're safe, Archie. I don't think George will give you anything. Thanks again, Edith. Hey, Louise. I hope you ain't gonna cook nothing funny in that waffle iron. No. Just the usual. Ribs, chicken, and pigs' feet. You know, I ain't so sure she's kidding there. Why did you have to lend her that thing? Archie, Louise is my friend oh, Edith. When are you going to wise up in this dog-eat-dog world? The friends you got you can count on one hand leaving out the thumb and pinkie. Oh, no, Archie. I've got lots of friends. Wonderful friends. What would the world be without friends? That reminds me of a poem I used to know in high school. Oh, jeez, a poem. "Let me live in a house by the side of the road where I can be a friend to man" I heard about them kind of houses in the army. Was the people in 'em friendly? You never wanted to leave. [Doorbell ringing] Oh, there's the doorbell. Yeah, let's go. That's that guy I was telling you about to give us the free heating inspection. But Archie, it's always so nice and warm in here. Why do we need a heating inspection? Edith, the man is going to show us how to save money. For free. Will you... Jeez. Good morning, Mr. bunker. Good morning Mr. scanlon. Come right in. Say hello to the wife Edith . Edith, say hello to Mr. scanlon. A pleasure, Mrs. bunker. Oh, thank you. He's gonna be a big help to us. Yes, help is what the home energy conservation program is all about. Yeah, you hear that? It's a program, Edith. Kind of official. Right, Mr. scanlon? Well, you've read what the president said about saving fuel. Oh-ho, don't I know it. Them arabs has got the whole nation over one of their barrels. You're very perceptive, Mr. bunker. That's exactly where those arabs have got us. Over a barrel. Now, uh, how many rooms do we have here? Uh, here we got, uh, 6 rooms, Mr. scanlon, uh, including the toilet. And, uh, talking about toilets, Mr. scanlon, you being in the government, kind of like an engineer, I'd like to tell you about an idea of mine. Well, we're always interested in new ideas, Mr. bunker. What is it? An electric toilet seat yeah. I got the idea one freezing morning after the wife left the bathroom window open all night long. It, uh, it works like, uh, your electric toaster only it don't pop you off the seat. That's--that's a very interesting idea, Mr. bunker. Yeah. I'm thinking I'll call it "the bunker bun warmer." Well, I'll, uh, I'll certainly suggest that to the department of the interior. Yes, well, now, how many rooms? You said 6. Is that it? Yeah, we got 6 rooms here, Mr. scanlon. All right. Now that would be about, uh, oh, 34,000 cubic feet with a heating capacity of, uh, oh, that would come to about, uh, 125,000 b. T.U.'S. [Whistling] 125,000 of 'em, huh? What's a b.T.U., Archie? Oh, well, Edith, a b.T.U., uh, in the heating profession is just, uh, one of 'em things that... Mr. scanlon. Oh, a b.T.U., Mrs. bunker, means British thermal units. Yeah. I think we traded some destroyers for them. (Archie) What do you got there, Mr. scanlon? Well, this meter is a specially designed instrument which measures the amount of heat that's being contained in your home. Oh, yeah? Yes. Well, look at that, Edith. Well, everything seems to be all right here. Why don't we just walk over towards that wall and see what happens. Yeah. Go ahead. Well, hey, hey, hey Edith. Look at that. You see that little needle jumping into the red there? By golly, you're right, Mr. bunker. Is that bad? Anything red is bad. In this case, it is bad, Mr. bunker. Because it's warning us about a heat loss. Probably due to improper insulation. May I check your furnace? Oh the furnace. Yeah, sure, Mr. scanlon. Come with me. Right this way. You just go through this door here and uh, right down 'em cellar steps. Look out for the third step uh, why? It ain't there. Well, thank you. Oh, jeez. Look at this. What the hell are you doing? You mind telling me? I'm measuring the heat. Well, it's just a warm over here as it is over there. Oh. I don't feel no heat missing. Will you stop that with your fingers there? Since when are you a heat meter, huh? Folks, I've got some bad news for you. What? I'm afraid I'm gonna have to red tag your furnace. Oh, w-wait a minute, Mr. scanlon, uh, red--red tag? What is that? Well, it's a warning to keep out of your basement. You have a very dangerous situation down there, Mr. bunker. You have such a great heat loss that it's forcing your furnace to overwork. Now, may I use your telephone? Well, sure, Mr. scanlon. It's right over there. But, uh, who you going to call up? Well, I have to notify the bureau of furnace control. See, they'll shut of your heat until you get a larger furnace. [Stuttering] Wait there. They can't shut off our heat. It's winter time! Well, I have to go by the book, Mrs. bunker. Well, w-wait a minute Mr. scanlon. Don't call. Gee. I hate calling up them bureaus, see? And I can't get a larger your furnace. I can't afford it. Cost me about $2000. Is there anything else I could do? Well, there is another solution. Yeah, what? We'll insulate your house with aluminum siding. How much would that cost? $2,000. Oh, hell! Oh, my! It never rains, but it pours. Doesn't it? Oh, jeez. Well, how are we going to get our heat? How the hell do I know? Set the house on fire. Don't you think you better go down and check the furnace yourself? I can't pass that red tag. It's against the law. Mr. scanlon, uh, listen, if--if you could figure out something for us to do, uh... You know that toilet seat idea of mine? That's yours for nothing. There may be another way. Yeah? What's this? Oh, now, this is a map of your area of queens. Now if Mr. mcnab does not accept our free offer-- wait a minute, wait a minute. You made mcnab a free offer or something? Well, uh, I also happen to represent you see, the home owners aluminum siding corporation. Now we could use a model home in this area. You see, if a home owner allows us to use his home as a show place we give him the aluminum for nothing. You give him aluminum for--for nothing? Hey, hey, hey. I want that deal hold on now, just a minute, Mr. bunker. I think it's only fair that I make this offer to Mr. mcnab first. No, no, no. Wait a minute. You made that offer to me first. Just now. And you did accept, didn't you? I most certainly did. Edith is there as my witness. Yeah, but, I--I... [Chuckling] You drive a hard bargain, Mr. bunker. All right. The deal is yours. Great, great. What do we do? But, now, I have to warn you. This being a model home you'll have to allow potential buyers to come here, in order to see for themselves what a great job aluminum does. Yeah, well, that's all right. That seems fair enough, huh? But, Archie, I don't want-- now I have the short term contract here. Which explains the whole deal. But I want you to read it over very, very carefully before you sign. Oh, I always read contracts there, Mr. scanlon. But the print in here is pretty small. Sir? Oh, uh, thank you very much. Let me see. "Home owners aluminum company "agrees to furnish (both) Absolutely free all fitting sidings"-- stop blowing in my ear. I can't hear myself read this thing. Uh-oh, it's supposed to be free. It's says here, "upon receipt of the aluminum sidings, the client agrees to pay for shipping and installation." Oh, now. That's just for your own protection. That way you don't pay a gift tax on the free aluminum. No gift tax? See how good you come out? (Edith) But how much-- and another thing I forgot to tell you. If you could interest any of our friends in our aluminum siding, I will give you 10 percent on any leads you bring in. 1o percent? Jeez, that's terrific! You'd like $200, wouldn't you? Oh-ho, does a rabbit like another rabbit? Yes, I want that deal right now. But, Archie-- stifle yourself. Oh. Here--here we are. A. Bunker. There. Very good. Now, and here's your copy of the contract. Oh, that's swell, Mr. scanlon. When can we expect your men to start working? Well, I'll have the truck here this afternoon. Oh, gee, that's swell, Mr. scanlon. Thanks. But, Mr. scanlon, what about our furnace and all them b.T.U.'S? Is it going to blow up? Oh, yeah, that's a good thought, there. I mean, you know, there ain't no sense to put aluminum around a house that ain't going to be here. All you have to do is turn the thermostat down until we get the aluminum siding up. Good thinking, Mr. scanlon it's been a pleasure doing business with you. And congratulations. Oh, thank you. You're going to just love aluminum. Archie, are you sure we can afford this? Edith, what is to afford? We ain't buying nothing. Why do I feel like we've been sold something? 'Cause you never believe nothing, Edith. You're one of them septics. [Doorbell ringing] I'll get it. I will never, never understand why some people are always looking a gift horse in the eye. Oh, hi, Irene. Oh, hi, Edith hi, Archie, I just had to come over when I saw that guy scanlon leaving your house. I want to talk to you about that-- was he at your place, too? Yeah, how 'bout that character? Using a photographer's light meter to measure heat. [Laughing] Wait a minute, wait a minute, using a what? A light meter. Oh, oh, if you didn't see that, then you missed the best part of his act. Oh, I don't think we missed nothing. Get this, this--this con artist with a, a light meter in his hand walks toward my window. And--and of course the light makes the needle jump into the red zone. So then he tries to tell me that that's because of a loss of heat. [Laughing] Can you imagine anyone in their right mind falling for a dumb gag like that? [Laughing] Well, he said we can have it for nothing if we let people come in here and feel our b. T.U.'S. Archie, believe me. You've been had. Don't keep saying that, will you, Irene. 'Cause I ain't been had. Maybe then we've been took. Archie, you need aluminum like a moose needs a shower cap. Maybe we ought to call a lawyer. [Groaning] That's a good idea. Hey, listen, I can get Franks nephew Tony. To look over your contract and it won't cost you a cent. Listen--listen, Irene, I don't want Frank's nephew Tony. I don't want no lawyers at all. I just want the two of youse to leave me alone. Archie, I'm just trying to help you. Wait a minute, oh, oh, Archie, Irene's just trying to help. Listen, Irene, when I need help, I'll write to "dear Abby." Now I'm telling youse two for the last time, I made a deal and it was a good deal. You and the Indian who sold New York for $24. Don't be comparing me to no ignorant Indian. Oh, I won't I never saw aluminum siding on a tee pee. Irene, why don't you take that nose of yours and peck on a tree for a while. Hey, it's freezing in here. Who turned down the thermostat? Little girl, you didn't touch that thermostat, did you? Well, sure, I turned it up again. Get out of the way here don't even touch that thing, for... You want to blow us all through the roof here? What is the matter? Don't nobody fool with this instrument on the wall here until we get the aluminum on the house. What aluminum? This aluminum. Arch, you signed a contract to put aluminum siding around a brick house? Yes, I did. Who sold you that idea? None of your business. Give me that contract. Why do we need aluminum siding? Because, little girl, we got a serious heat-loss problem in this house. Oh, arch, arch, I don't think this is one the reputable aluminum firms around here. I think we ought to check this thing out with a better business bureau. What is better business getting something for nothing, huh? Why do you always think I'm getting stuck? I don't think you're getting stuck. I think you're getting harpooned. Try and disappear, huh? I see Mrs. podinski left, huh? You mean Irene? Yes, she went home. Good. I hope it was something I said. [Knocking on door] Oh, come in, Mr. Jefferson. Here's your waffle iron, Edith. And thank you very much. Oh, you're welcome. Ah, George, it's nice to see you. Hey, did you enjoy the waffles? Did you know those waffles come out looking like half soles? Yeah. Hey, George, I'm glad you dropped over there's something I want to talk to you about. Edith, would you step into the sitting room for a minute? I want to talk to George in private. Oh, that's nice. Excuse me. George, I hear you got a terrific cold. Huh? You're gonna keep on getting colds, George, until you get that house of yours insulated with aluminum sidings which I can get for you. Aluminum siding? Yeah. Ain't that pretty expensive? Well, no. Not when you think of all the money you save. I-I-I'm going to have 'em done here. See, my house is going to be, uh, one of 'em, what do you call, model houses. Oh, yeah. First they put it on your house right? Yeah. And then people come over and look at your house that's right. And it's only going to cost you $1,955.11. Wait a minute. Where did you get them figures? Well, that's what it cost my brother-in-law for his model home 6 months ago when he got ripped off. What do you mean "ripped off"? And they call that rip off "shipping and installation fees." Can't you dig it? You're getting the aluminum shaft. When they slap that stuff on this house, this place is going to look like a 6-room car wash. Bye. Hey, Edith. Oh boy! Edith! Edith! It's freezing in this house. Did you get Irene's nephew on the phone yet? No, no, I can't. Irene's line is still busy. Ah, gee, give me the phone book. I'll call the guy direct what's his name? Oh, it's, uh, Tony something. Jeez, all Italians are Tony something. She's supposed to be your best friend and you don't even know her nephew's name? Daddy, men outside on a ladder are looking right in the bedroom window. Yeah, and there are 2 trucks out there with enough aluminum to build a 747. What are they doing out... Oh, they're starting work already, Edith. We can't wait for Tony the lawyer. Call our own lawyers the 3 rubinowitzes. Which... Which one do you want to talk to? Get the old man. He's the most Jewish. Well, Mr. bunker, true to my word, my trucks are here with the aluminum. Uh, well, uh, Mr. scanlon, uh, since I was talking to you last time my wife here she was reminding me that I got a, kind of, what do you call, allergy to aluminum. Yeah, he gets sick when he finds out he's been taken. How much is all this going to cost? Well, whatever the charges come to. Now we have a contract, Mr. bunker. Signed under duress. Yeah, without knowing I was under the dress. [Banging] Oh, gee, what is this? What is this? Hey, hey! Hey, you guys. Cut that out. Get the ladders away from my house, you. Get out of here. Scanlon, call your men off now and tell them to go home. Now I can't do that, Mr. bunker. Somebody say something here? Yeah, I said "get out of here." To him. Never mind, Leonard. Look, Mr. scanlon, if you don't get your men to stop working we'll call the department of consumer affairs. Well, you do that, young lady, they'll be open bright and early Monday morning. I got to get back to work we got 2 more model homes to do on this block. 2 more model homes on this block? Street's going to look like a row of beer cans. You can't stand that. Did you get the rubinowitzes? No, they're all in Miami. Ah, we are up the creek without a saddle. I'm going to put a stop to this, bunker. George told me what happened and I went out and got a policeman. All right, mack, what have you been up to? Hold it, hold it, I ain't the crook. The crook is the honest-looking guy over there. Well now, he signed a contract, officer. I'm not doing anything illegal. Ain't there some kind of law against taking advantage of the simple-minded? Well, is there? 'Cause if there ain't, there ought to be. This happened to my brother, and I don't want to see it happen to my friend. [All chattering] Hold, hold it, hold. Now did you sign a contract with this individual? Well for aluminum siding, yeah, but you see-- there's nothing I can do. There ain't been no crime committed. Since when ain't robbery a crime, officer? I mean after all... [Banging] L-listen to this I hear it. We better do something. They're sealing us in like a can of mixed nuts. Look, mack, you're not the first one to complain about this kind of thing. But there's nothing I can do. Archie, Archie, I just finished talking to Frank's nephew on the phone. What good is he on the phone? Look. He told me to check out all of these points. Now, you've got have a remodeling permit in a visible location. A remodeling permit? Yeah, that's right, Buster. You got one of them? Oh, that just a technicality, officer. He also needs a license from the department of consumer affairs to operate a business in the city of New York. I've applied for that. Ah, well, you also need a salesman's license and a contractor's license paid to date. Uh, have you got any of those things Mr. scanlon? I bet the bum don't even have a driver's license. It's my opinion that we have enough here to let the bunko squad take over. Oh, well, now, officer . There's no need for that. If a customer is not satisfied, and not completely happy with the job, we have a policy whereby we could just forget the whole deal. Well, that takes care of that. And, uh, Mr. slick, I happen to notice your truck has one wheel on the side walk. New ticket for you. Uh, officer, can't we talk this over? Hey, Irene, Irene, did Tony the lawyer say anything about maybe suing this guy scanlon? 'Cause I hate to come out of this thing empty-handed. Archie. Oh, you ain't empty-handed. You're rich, you got friends. Ah, jeez. You got another poem for that, Edith? Yeah. "There are gold ships there are silver ships but there's no ship like friendship" (male announcer) All in the family was recorded on tape before a live audience. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 