Knight Rider: Season 1, Episode 11 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Knight Rider 
 s1e11 - Day Turns Into Knight - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Knight Rider (2008–2009): Season 1, Episode 11 - Day Turns Into Knight - full transcript 
 The rest of the team leaps into action as the kidnapper still holds the ambassador hostage and puts Mike and K.I.T.T. on a course heading north with a nuclear bomb in K.I.T.T.'s trunk. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 MIKE: Previously on Knight Rider. ALEX: Ambassador Olara Kumali is the best hope to end the civil war in Central Africa. I am going to give you the Ambassador. But you've got to do a little something for me. They're going to give you a box. The material in the box is hafnium. You're having me build a bomb? STEVENS: No. I'm having you collect pieces, so I can build a bomb. Get into this car now and gun it to 100 miles per hour, and then you stay on that road. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 If you dip from 100 miles per hour, the bomb will just explode automatically. I'll find you. You, too. I got something! No! Carrie? Oh, my God. Guys, what do we know? All communications are down. I can't get a visual on any of our people, including Carrie. Open a line to Mike. Mike? What's happening? The warehouse where they were holding the Ambassador has been blown, 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 and I think Carrie and our people are down. Any idea what your destination is? No. Stevens told me to travel north and stay above 100. We're on it, Mike. Zoe, go to the warehouse and find out what happened to Carrie and our team. I should go, too. No, Sarah. I need you and your father to figure out how to defuse a bomb without dropping below 100 miles an hour or veering off course. Come on, Dad. Billy, we have to find Stevens. Okay. Carrie's a survivor. She'll be all right. Put her out of your head. Let's get this done. Michael, satellite imagery is showing a blockage in the road ahead. Are you serious? We've been on the road for, like, five minutes! Get rid of everything on the touch screen except for my speed. Would you like me to drive? Sorry, KITT. You're programmed with too many safety protocols. You slow down to avoid a pedestrian, and that bomb will blow. But go to Attack Mode. And can you give me lights and sirens? Will this suffice? (SIREN WAILING) KITT, this is awesome. A good idea, but I'm afraid the bottleneck ahead is the result of a construction zone merge to a single lane. The cars have nowhere to go. And neither will we. (SIREN WAILING) Where were you on that one, super car? KITT: Sorry, Michael. He was hidden quite well. I hope this guy can drive, because this is about to get gnarly. MAN: What are you doing? Sorry! Bomb in my trunk! Pull over! I always wanted to elude the cops in a high-speed chase. Just not quite like this. KITT: I do not understand your enjoyment in breaking the law. I think speeding is fun. Is it fun that there's an impassable obstruction ahead? Binocular enhance. You know what this calls for. I do. Will the cop be okay? He should be fine. I guess that will have to do. Turbo Boost. MAN: Bring it up! Hold the traffic! (GROANS) KITT: Remember, you must stay above 100 miles per hour. Yeah, you honestly think I'd forgotten? Any more obstacles coming up? Funeral processions? Circus trains? Duck-crossings? Not immediately, but there will be numerous obstacles in the next 50 miles. KITT, we are going to ditch this bomb, find Stevens, and get Olara back. You with that? Yes. I'm with it. (THEME MUSIC PLAYING) (SIREN WAILING) (CELL PHONE RINGING) KITT, contact the SSC. Tell them it's Stevens. Patch it through. You didn't have to blow the warehouse. And you didn't have to tell your friends where I was. And now, your friends are dead. Lesson learned. Is Olara okay? You know, I don't want you to take this personally, Michael. It just doesn't do me any good to talk to you anymore. So, will your boss please speak up? Uh, yoo-hoo. Mike's boss. I know you're there. Alex Torres of Knight Research and Development. Well, pleasure to meet you, Alex Torres of Knight Research and Development. I have a question for you. Do you have access to funds? What kind of funds are we talking about? A billion dollars. You have less than two hours. My boy, Mike, will tell you what happens if you don't deliver. I don't doubt your resolve, but a billion is going to take some time. Spare me. Play around, I will kill the Ambassador, and I will make 30 miles of this country glow. Have a nice day. Billy? What do we have? (SIGHS) I found satellite imagery of Stevens fleeing the mill property in a helicopter. But the flight patterns are too erratic to track. I pulled the call numbers, distributed them to every airfield within 200 miles. That's a good idea. I have another idea. Pay Stevens his money. But we'll never get a billion approved so quickly. Besides, we pay him, he could still blow the bomb and kill the Ambassador. The GPS is on a closed circuit. KITT can't hack it. Then we transfer the bomb into another car. That won't solve the problem, only delay it. At least we save Mike and KITT. Mike and KITT are the only ones capable of keeping this thing from blowing. What if Mike bails out, and we detonate the bomb inside KITT? KITT can't contain this blast. How do you know? Because I built him. I just got off the phone with Washington. We have 45 minutes to present a viable solution. Inbound planes on screen. ELECTRONIC VOICE: Right away, Mr. Torres. Are you crazy? KITT's headed toward a highly populated area. It doesn't matter. KITT can survive a missile hit. Unless we order him not to. Well, in 45 minutes, they will launch their missiles unless you can figure out how to defuse that bomb. SARAH: Dad? You want to weigh in on this? I got it. And I thought I was crazy. We're making the necessary arrangements. We'll be there within 40 minutes. KITT, given your current velocity and trajectory, compile a list of possible targets where Stevens might detonate the bomb. KITT: Compiling now. Any luck tracking Stevens? The helicopter seems like a dead end. We're digging into his personal history to see if we can figure out where he might be hiding. We are running out of time to get the Ambassador to the negotiations, so dig faster. She's been unconscious since we found her. BP is 90 over 50. She's got a few broken ribs, and her left lung may be collapsed. Thank you. We'll take it from here. Let's get her intubated and in for a CT. We need to see what kind of damage is under these broken ribs. (SIREN WAILING) (CARS HONKING) Yeah, yeah. I hear you. KITT: I have calculated the possible targets based on our current course and speed. And? In 56 minutes, we will arrive at a government disposal facility. Disposal for what? Nuclear waste. And detonating a nuclear bomb in a nuclear waste dump... Would be catastrophic. Get Sarah. Our target is a nuclear waste dump about 40 miles away. How far out are you guys? You should be seeing us now. Mike? Two minutes until the F-15s get here. What F-15s? We didn't tell him about the F... Nothing to worry about, Mike. We got the road blocked off, but there's an overpass up ahead. We need to do this now. Ready when you are. KITT, Normal Mode. KITT: Initiating transformation. Transformation complete. (TIRES SCREECHING) See, KITT? Fun, right? A riot. KITT's in! Lift off! Copy that. Lifting off. Glad someone's calm. CHARLES: Gus? Yeah, we might be in a bit of a pickle. Oh, God. Folks, we may have us a little contact. I'd suggest you go ahead and maybe get into those crash positions we all love so much. We're not going to make it. Yeah, sure we are. No, you're right. We're not. KITT, what's the probability we hit the overpass? Calculating collision probability. This is going to be really bad. KITT: Collision probability, 100%. Please brace yourselves for impact. (ENGINES REVVING) (CRASHING) (GROANING) (PANTING) KITT, speed and course. KITT: Speed is holding at 134 miles per hour, but we are veering off course. Gus, we don't get back on that line, this bomb is going to blow! (ALARM BEEPING) (SIGHS) Back on track. Easing off. KITT: That was not fun. You said it, KITT. KITT, hook up to the plane's computer. Run a diagnostic. If we maintain this speed and heading, Stevens will never know we're 10,000 feet up. Avionics at 73%. Hydraulics at 47%. Structural integrity, 61%. Landing gear is non-operational. What do you mean, "non-operational"? KITT: To use the technical term, it's gone. (CELL PHONE RINGING) KITT, transfer the call to the monitor, and make sure Stevens can't see us. Hey, sorry about the detour, but we're back on track now. Oh, really? Be sorry again, and you'll explode. And why can't I see you? I don't know. Maybe the radiation from the hafnium you stuck in my trunk is messing with your signal. Oh, but, Mike, I love seeing you. You're so pretty. Then why don't you come say hi? I'd love a little one-on-one time. (CHUCKLING) Oh, Mike, I'm sure going to miss you when you're in a thousand little pieces. Now, put your manager on. I have to lodge a complaint. I'm here. I don't see my money yet. I'm working on it. Okay, Alex Torres. I have someone here who wants to say hello. Olara, do you have anything to say to the guys who are going to let you die? Do not give him anything. (LAUGHING) You so crazy. You have a half hour. Guys, where are we on that bomb? We'll get back to you. CHARLES: I've never seen anything like it. Great. KITT, what do you think? Its make-up doesn't match anything in my database. Given Stevens' penchant for trickery, I'd strongly advise against attempting to disarm it. I count five different triggers. Yeah. In theory, we could detonate the bomb at an altitude which would render its fallout ineffective. Explain. If we jettison the bomb into the stratosphere, its radiation will be carried by the jet stream, where it will disperse, doing minimal damage. What altitude? Taking into account current weather patterns, the bomb's size, the atmospheric conditions relative to our global position, 51,255 feet. No way. We could probably do it. Gus, this plane has a ceiling of 32,000 feet. Okay? At 50,000 feet, the pressure could rip our fuselage, which is already hurting from the collision. Can we do it or not? Yeah, she can do it. MIKE: Start climbing. Stay on course. But don't crank it too far above 160 miles an hour, or Stevens might get suspicious. You have 27 minutes. Roger Dodger. Stevens' history drops off a cliff after he left the Pentagon. Scattered financial records, no discernible place of residence. Reports claim he approached a few companies about private funding for his satellite laser. The only interesting lead I turned up was his name on a number of flight manifests to Phoenix. Does he have any family there? No obvious connection I can find. Keep on it. (INDISTINCT CHATTER) (WHISPERING) Is this her colleague? Yeah. Can I have a word? Sure, okay. Dr. Yost says you came in with Carrie. That's right. She's your colleague? And my friend. Mmm-hmm. Well, she's in surgery. There's no damage to the spine, but the CT shows that one of her broken ribs pierced her pulmonary artery. That's what they're trying to repair now. Are you a doctor? No. The company notified me. What company? Knight Research? CIA. I don't understand. Why did the CIA notify you about an injured FBI agent? Because I'm her father, Lawrence Rivai. Okay. Let's go, Hank. There we go. (BEEPING) It's all right. Slow, slow, slow. KITT, how long until we're over the target? KITT: One minute, 43 seconds. How long until we hit altitude? One minute, 39 seconds. Okay. Slow, slow. Hold, hold, hold. Why do we always have to cut these things so close? CHARLES: Good. (HANK BEEPING) Good job. (MIKE SIGHS) Okay. This is liquid plastic. It will mold itself around any object and form a protective layer. It will ensure that the bomb doesn't get jostled and blow when Hank tosses it out. Wait, why can't we toss it out ourselves? KITT: At that altitude, if you are not inside my cabin when we open the back door, you will either freeze or asphyxiate within seconds. Right. That. Yeah, that. (CELL PHONE RINGING) KITT, transfer the call to the SSC. All right, Alex Torres. It's the end of the road. Bottom of the ninth. The last hurrah. The money should be in your account any minute now. Oh, now, see? You've got to remember I used to work for the government. I know you're all liars and crooks. So, if you're planning to stall, the man who has his finger on the trigger is going to be very upset. We all want this situation resolved quickly and peacefully. Really? I don't. You have one minute. We're over the target! Into KITT now! Come on! Hank, hang onto the bomb until I tell you to let go! (HANK BEEPING) Come on, Doc! (BEEPING) Pressurizing cabin now. KITT, open the cargo door. (HANK BEEPING) (BEEPING) The plane's structural integrity is at maximum stress levels. We're past the location. Release the bomb. Not yet. This plane can't take much more of this. Just hold on. (BEEPING) Okay, we're at altitude. Hank, release the bomb now! (BEEPING) Still nothing, Alex. You know, I hate to say this, but I just don't believe you. I don't control the Treasury, Stevens. A lot of people have to sign off on this. Please tell that to someone who cares. (BUTTON BEEPING) You do this, and it's on your conscience for the rest of your life. Oh, no. It's on yours. Guys, hold on! (BEEPING) Billy! Get that feed back up! I've got no signal! KITT, what's happening? KITT: We have lost power. What the hell? Okay! We're back online! Easing her on up. We've lost our navigation computer! One problem at a time, son. KITT: Auxiliary power has been restored. Our rate of descent is decreasing. God, I hate flying. KITT: Equalizing pressure and deicing windows now. You guys okay? Yeah. KITT, I thought you said the bomb had a blast radius of 30 miles. KITT: No, I said its radius would be 10 miles for each gram of hafnium, and we provided Stevens 3 grams. If that's true, we should all be dead. By my calculations, the radius of the blast was 6.2 miles, which would imply that Stevens used approximately one-fifth of the hafnium. Stevens has another bomb? Why would he put a bomb inside KITT if he had another bomb? Because he knew we'd devote all our resources to help Mike. And he was right. (SCOFFS) He has another target. By now, he's probably already there. Alex, how's Carrie? We don't know anything yet. Here's some coffee. Mmm, thank you. You must be proud of her, following in your footsteps. (SCOFFS) Carrie had been accepted to Columbia Law, just like her mother. Instead, she goes to Quantico. You didn't want her to? Horrible hours, lousy pay, risking one's life for an ungrateful employer... (SCOFFS) She's good at her job, Mr. Rivai... She would have been good at anything. What we do is necessary, and she knows it. I've been doing this for 30 years, young lady, and I understand what is necessary. Then you, of all people, should understand that the sacrifices are worth it. My only daughter will probably die on that operating table. Still think it's worth it? (SIGHS) Okay, we'll set a course for the Pacific, get everybody off the plane, and then scuttle it. Mike, I need you and Sarah to drop inside KITT when we get a location on Stevens. Copy. No. Sarah. No. If Josh and Gus want to jump, that's fine. But you're coming with Mike and me in KITT. I can safely accommodate up to four passengers during a drop. Okay. All right. When the time comes, I'll drop inside KITT with the two of you. We managed to repair the damage, and, for the moment, she's stable. But the problem is we can't put her on a respirator, because the forced breathing could tear the stitches in her artery. So, now we wait and hope that she can continue to breathe on her own. Can I see her? Take your time. (SIGHS) (WHISPERING) You dumb kid. Dumb, stupid kid. Come on, Stevens. What the hell were you doing in Phoenix? (CELL PHONE RINGING) Speak of the devil. On screen. Maybe you can help me with something? According to the bomb's GPS, the bomb exploded over the target. And yet, it didn't explode over... The GPS doesn't measure altitude. (CLAPPING) Well played, Alex Torres. No more games, Stevens. What do you really want? Oh, something that money cannot buy. That last bomb? Yeah, that was just window dressing. The next one will unleash horrors that you cannot bear to imagine. What does that mean? "Something money cannot buy. " It means he's a true believer. But if we can figure out what he does want, then we might be able to stop him. (MACHINE BEEPING) Don't worry, I'm right here. You're in the hospital. Stevens rigged the warehouse, and it exploded. The pen? "Valdor. " Valdor. (WHISPERING) Valdor. Valdor. Valdor? That's what she wrote down. Uh, John Valdor pitches for Boston. Val-d'Or. A city in Qu?bec. Valdor Chemical. Bring that up. They produce chemicals for household products, cleaning supplies. Cross-check it against Stevens. Nothing. Try again with the Pentagon. (COMPUTER BEEPING) There's something here. It's encrypted, but I can get through it. Mike, you getting this? MIKE: Yeah. KITT, give us the broad strokes. KITT: The files detail a government contract for Valdor to synthesize compounds for chemical weapons. That's impossible. There aren't supposed to be any chemical weapons plants in the US. These documents indicate otherwise. Stevens is going to blow the plant. That's what he wants. Destruction on a massive scale to prove to the Pentagon that they were wrong for not building his weapon. The guy wants revenge. KITT, do the documents say where the plant is located? KITT: No, but I am currently accessing the location of Valdor's production plants. It could be any of them. What about that one? It's in Phoenix. That's it! Mike! That's your target! KITT, can you access security cameras for that Valdor plant? KITT: I am already attempting to do so. Maybe they're not there yet. Or maybe it's the wrong location. Here we go. And there they are. Olara's with them. Have Gus set a course. KITT, what's our ETA? The plant is 142 miles from our current location. We can be at an optimal drop point in 34 minutes. KITT, how many people are in that plant? It appears very few at this hour of the night. I'll alert the local authorities. Call this in, and 50 black-and-whites will show up, spook Stevens, and he'll blow that thing sky-high. We can handle this. All right, Mike. You finish it. OLARA: Why are you doing this? This country isn't capable of taking care of itself. They just don't know it yet. So, you're going to prove it by blowing up a building? I handed them a weapon that could have stopped all of this. They just didn't want to make it. But after today, they will. I have spent many years of my life trying to protect my country from self-important children like you. Hey, you know what? During this whole time, I just didn't feel bad once about killing you, and I still don't. (GROANING) All right, I want you to lower the gate. Then, I want you to wait a half an hour. Then, I want you to get the men. And then, I want you to take the million-dollar ransom we got paid for that one, and go. Got it? Go. (GASPING) Who is your mother? (BEEPS) KITT: We will reach our drop zone in 32 seconds. Thanks for everything, Hank. (BEEPING) (SIGHING) Bye, Hank. Couldn't have done it without you. Dad, come on. Let's go. Sorry, baby. KITT, Protocol Beta 7-3. (KITT BEEPING) Dad! KITT, open the door! SARAH: Dad! KITT: I'm sorry. Per Dr. Graiman's programming, I cannot. Dad, what are you doing? Sarah, I can't leave these guys right now. I'm fine, just do your job. Find Stevens and stop him. Dad! I love you! You sure about this, Doc? If I can help, I'm staying. Drop them. KITT: I must commence the drop, or we will miss our window. KITT, commence the drop. Sarah, strap in now. (CAR ENGINE STARTING) (GROANING) KITT is away. (SIGHING) This is quite a ride, KITT. KITT: Glad you're enjoying it. We will have ground impact in 38 seconds. Gus, you won't be held responsible if we've got to scuttle the plane. Sir, I'm not going to put her on a possible collision course with a Hawaiian island and leap. I've never jumped ship before. I don't intend to start now. Come on, Gus. Cut the cowboy crap, and let's ditch this bird. Tell you what. You run the calculations and get me to that landing zone, I can set her down. You got it. Let's do it. You guys are crazy. I'm jumping. No doubt about it. I understand, son. Permission granted. Sorry, Gus, Doc. (CLANGING) (TIRES SCREECHING) How long? Six minutes, 12 seconds. Stevens appears to be arming the bomb. I hope six minutes is enough time. I've been running the numbers. If the bomb explodes in that plant, the chemical reaction alone... I know, Billy. We're talking an immediate death toll of six figures. The worst disaster ever on American soil. (ALARM BEEPING) (CHATTERING) Get respiratory up here, stat. Right away, Doctor. DR. YOST: She's not breathing. NURSE: On their way. What happened? I don't know. I've got no pulse! Get me a crash cart now! Somebody turn off that alarm. Get them out of here! TECHNICIAN: Watch your back. Crash cart coming in. DR. YOST: Charge 200. Clear! (ELECTRODES DISCHARGING) TECHNICIAN: No response. Charge 300! DR. YOST: Clear! Clear! (ELECTROCARDIOGRAPH BEEPING) (SIGHING) Okay, I've got a pulse. (PANTING) Let's get an updated set of vitals. Tell radiology we need a stat CT chest. Make sure those stitches are holding. Landing zone is confirmed. Dropping down to 7,000 feet. We are 81.3 miles from the landing zone. Currently traveling at 178 miles per hour. Head wind is at 53 miles per hour. KITT: The C-130 is attempting to land. Shall I patch the audio through? I thought they were bailing out. KITT, get Dad on chat line. Dad, I thought you had jumped. Gus needed my help, honey. We're going to land this. Now, don't worry, I've done the math. We're in good shape. You just concentrate on what you're doing, and we'll see you shortly. Okay, be careful. You, too. There's no one better than Gus. They'll be fine. Stevens is streaming a live video message from the plant. I will put it on screen. A video message? To who? Everyone. The Pentagon refused to build my design. They called it "excessive" and "unnecessary. " This is a weapon that would eliminate war. You wanted bin Laden dead? You just push in the coordinates, and it was done. But, you see, nobody listens unless something horrible happens. And now, once again, it will. In exactly five minutes, I will detonate a hafnium bomb in the Valdor Chemical Plant. Now, if you had my weapon, you could position it in time to stop me. But you don't. Good luck. It's disturbing that Stevens truly believes he's acting in the best interest of mankind. I know, KITT. That's why he's a crazy person. Mike? You see that? Yep. That guy's really lost it. Don't worry, we're almost there. We are approaching the barricade. Put all available camera angles on the screen and enhance. KITT, go Stealth Attack Mode. Initiating transformation. Stealth Attack Mode achieved. KITT, I need you to disable their radio frequencies. Accessing and corrupting now. We will encounter resistance in 14 seconds. KITT, what kind of weapon does he have? KITT: Glock 9mm. Extended clip. How many rounds? 20 left. That means he should be done right about now. (GUN FIRES) That is such a turn-on. I'll go in alone. You tell me where they are. I'll take them out. If I need you to back me up, can you handle it? Yeah. KITT: Michael, these men are armed and very dangerous. Are you still having fun? This part I don't like so much. KITT: Enemy at your one o'clock, high. (GUN FIRES) Another approaching. Six o'clock, low. (GUN FIRES) 10 yards down the right corridor, there is another target. (GUN FIRES) Stevens is in the second room on your left. Olara and another employee are with him. Perfect. Do you have a plan? I'm going to walk in and shoot them. Subtle. I thought so. (GROANS) (GUN FIRES) (GASPING) Mike! He is holding the trigger! (CHUCKLING) Mike. How are you? I am so impressed, man. Really, I... How did you find me? Let her walk, and I'll tell you. Oh, no, no, no, Mike. I'm sorry. Sincerely, I'm sorry. I... Nobody is walking out of here. (GASPS) Including me. Stevens, disarm the bomb. Mike, why do you do this job? Because they let me shoot bad guys. Mike, you are fighting for people who do not have the mettle to do what's necessary. See, I disagree with you there, Stevens. And how's that? Well, I'm here, aren't I? Yes, you are. And that's exactly my point. One man. They sent one man to stop this. And he can't. You know what, Stevens? For the first time all day, you're probably right. Sarah, trigger! (GUN FIRES) (OLARA CRYING) Nice grab. Oh, my God. Thanks. (CRYING) Mike. Mike. It's all right, it's all right. You're safe. You're okay. (GASPS) Come on, Ambassador. We've got a chopper inbound. You leave now, you can make it to the negotiations. But I have already missed the negotiations. Oh, we made a few calls. You can still make it. You good? Oh, yes, Mike. I'm good. Good. Hi. Still holding a trigger. Just hold on. Bomb squad will be here any second. (LAUGHING) You're not really going to leave me here. You'll be fine. Just don't let go. Thank you very much. Nice to meet you. (LAUGHING) Mike? Mike! Mike! Fuel is dumped. Approach looks good. Thanks for the help, Doc. Anytime, Gus. Let's get this sucker on the ground. (CHUCKLING) Sounds good to me. (ALARM BEEPING) Sorry, Doc. Oh... Remember, boys, don't shoot the girl holding the trigger. This is your ride. Oh, Mike, I owe you everything, and my country owes you as well. It is so good to know there are people who understand what is right and are willing to fight for it. Thank you, Mike. Good luck, Olara. We'll be watching. Okay. Yes. AGENT: Ambassador, right this way. Yes. KITT: Michael. May I speak with you, please? You are speaking with me, KITT. I have something we need to discuss. It's important. Dude, it's been a really long day. If you're secretly falling in love with me, I'm going to be awfully upset. So, how do you feel, hon? Not great. Zoe told me to tell you that they caught Stevens and stopped the bomb. Did Dr. Yost... Do you have any idea when I'm going to get out of here? (SIGHS) Carrie, Carrie. (SCOFFS) Your rib pierced what maybe is the most important artery in your body. It's a miracle that you're alive. Just say it. It's going to be months and months before you're fully recovered. You're never going to work in the field again. You don't know that. I'm sorry, it's over. This, this life is over. (SIRENS WAILING) (SIGHING) Thanks a lot, douche nozzle. Next time you leave me holding the trigger to a live bomb, we're going to have a problem. Sarah, we got word from the SSC about the plane. Did they make it back okay? No, they didn't. When they were coming in for the landing, there was an explosion. I don't know. The fuel line, maybe. Sarah, no one survived. I'm so sorry. (LAUGHS) Mike. Sarah, our father is dead. (CRYING) (KITT HUMMING) 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 