Knight Rider: Season 1, Episode 9 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Knight Rider 
 s1e9 - Knight Fever - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Knight Rider (2008–2009): Season 1, Episode 9 - Knight Fever - full transcript 
 Mike and K.I.T.T.'s botched attempt to stop a truck hijacking results in a hi-tech computer virus turned loose and their mission to stop it must be from a distance where it will not affect K.I.T.T. due to its ability to mutate and take over anything electrical, computer, or even metallic. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 ELECTRONIC VOICE: Initiating satellite surveillance coopt in three, two, one. We have satellite surveillance. Who's in the truck? Just stop the bad guys. That's all we know. He seems nervous. I can hear you, Billy. (CHUCKLES NERVOUSLY) Okay. (GIGGLING) KITT: 35 seconds to intercept. Ready? Hydraulic systems operating within tolerable limits. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Fuel cells at 92%. Shields and defensive weapon systems... (SIGHS) There's times for long answers and times for a short one. Yes or no question, KITT. The short answer is I'm ready. (SIGHING) All right, here we go. Attack Mode. KITT: Initiating transformation. Transformation complete. BILLY: Whoa. Perv. (BOTH GRUNTING) Not bad for a newbie. KITT: 10 seconds to intercept. What the... 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Ballsy move. Whose side are you on, Mike? Just admiring the ballet. Your EMP's ready. (GROANING) (EXCLAIMING) Sorry to interrupt. You're going to want to see this. On my way. Come on, girlie. (BONES CRACKING) KITT: Electromagnetic pulse fully charged. Hold your fire. I'm taking over. KITT switched to manual. Mike's driving now. I'm not deaf, Billy. Not your morning, is it? Mike, your EMP will fry the big rig's electronics. (EXCLAIMS) SARAH: He'll stop in under 10 seconds. FBI's 10 miles out. Just zap him and wait for backup. The EMP will jackknife him. Got to get his speed under 80. KITT, calculations. KITT: Michael is right, Dr. Graiman. At this speed, the truck will jackknife. (WHOOPING) (CRACKLING) (MAN SCREAMING) Damn it, Mike! No, can't look. Mmm-mmm. Mmm-hmm. You're missing the whole thing, sweet cheeks. Michael, I'm picking up some unusual readings from inside the truck. And the bikers are prepared to disembark. (CRACKLING) Deploy the EMP. (GROANS) (ELECTRONIC CRACKLING) FBI's 60 seconds away. KITT, Infrared. KITT: Michael, something strange is happening inside that truck. Do not approach the truck. Wait for backup. Sorry, Carrie. I can't hear you. The EMP must've jammed my earwig. Mike. Can you hear me? Do you copy? KITT: Michael, he's getting away. Michael? That's a '79 Shovelhead. It's got no electronics, so the EMP has no effect. KITT: Michael. MIKE: What the hell is going on? (ELECTRONIC CRACKLING) (THEME MUSIC PLAYING) (KITT HUMMING) ELECTRONIC VOICE: Decontamination complete. KITT: Michael, I want to apologize. I should have identified the '79 Shovelhead sooner. Of course, it would be immune to my EMP. It'd be easy to miss. It's just that Sarah and I used to ride old Harleys back in the day. "Back in the day. " I really like the sound of that. No, not "back in the day. " Back in the day. I will take note of the placement of the emphasis in this colloquialism. Look, KITT, you and I are a team. Sometimes, I'm going to see something you might miss and vice-versa. Today, I spotted the Harley. It's no big deal. I got your back, you got mine. Then you're going to omit my error from your report? It's what partners do. They watch out for each other. If I may attempt a colloquialism of my own. Thanks, brosif. (KITT HUMMING) That's the last time you pull a stunt like that, do you understand? We had a deal. You run all of this, I'm in charge of the car. Sarah, make sure KITT's okay. Running a complete diagnostic now. So, who was I chasing, motorcycle ninjas? And what the hell happened in that truck? The voltage on the EMP was set too high, that's all. Then we just killed three men. Why not just tell him the truth? I'm busy, Charles. Look, I don't like you blaming KITT for this. This was not the EMP. This is the Arrow Virus. Arrow has been out of the lab since the Army bought him out. Alex, listen to me. Now, a nanovirus infects technology just like an organic virus infects people. Anything that has a chip in it, a processor of any kind at all. Like televisions or cell phones or computers. Right, and almost everything electronic has some sort of microprocessor in it. And the virus hones in on that processor and feeds on it. So, instead of spreading through the air via a cough or a sneeze, it spreads through metal. And if there's no metal, it stops. Right, and it appears to burn itself out if it doesn't have anything metallic to conduct it. But the truck... Now, the truck was surrounded by asphalt and other organic material, so the virus stopped there. Well, what about the Harley? It could be a carrier. Well, what if it's not even infected? Look, that bike could destroy everything electronic within a 500 mile radius in a matter of hours. And if it uploads itself through the phones or the power lines, theoretically, it could use the Internet as a host to create an epidemic. Theoretically. That damn thing gets online, we will have a worldwide disaster on our hands in a matter of days. Then find that Harley, Charles. Right. Why did you pass me a note to meet in the hall? You're not going to get weird on me again. (WHISPERS) Act normal. You act normal. I know what killed those men in the back of that truck. It's a virus. What kind of virus does that? A nanovirus. (EXCLAIMS) What if Mike has it? The virus only infects technology, not people. Okay, that's not possible. Not only is it possible, I think it's spreading. Okay, if it doesn't infect people, why were the bikers in the truck all dead? Because they were wearing chain mail. The virus spreads through metal. It has properties like acid when it moves. It burned right through their bodies. How do you know this? There's rumors that the Pentagon's been developing a tech-virus for years. It's ours? (WHISPERS) I think so. We've got to tell Torres. No, no, no, no, no, no. Torres already knows. But he blamed it on KITT. It's not cool to blame KITT. Haven't you noticed Torres getting more secretive lately? I overheard him on the phone the other day. You mean you eavesdropped? You have to swear not to say anything to anybody. Who am I going to tell? Swear! Okay, I swear. He was talking about KARR. KARR? Shh! (WHISPERS) Come on! (CHUCKLING) KARR doesn't even exist. That's what they want us to believe. KARR lives. I don't care what Torres says, it wasn't the EMP. And I don't want to just sit here with my thumb up my... So, I'm having a threesome tonight with Zoe and Torres. Do you want to make it four? Okay. Earth to Sarah. Hello? Hi! (SIGHS) Oh! What happened on that truck, it's some sort of virus. I've seen something similar before, but only in a lab. KITT? KITT: Yes, Sarah. Show us a map of where the truck was hijacked. I've got a hunch. Show all possible escape routes. Now, show a radius indicating the maximum distance a '79 Shovelhead could travel on one tank of fuel. One tank? Why couldn't he stop for gas? Assuming the bike's carrying the virus, when he stops, all hell's going to break loose. KITT, overlay all gas stations. Your hunch, KITT, where's the bike headed? KITT: A hunch is defined as an intuitive reckoning. I don't do hunches, Michael. Okay, then calculate a probability profile. That is within my parameters. There is a 75% chance, the motorcycle is headed south on State Route 85. Billy, how did they know the virus was in the truck? Maybe they didn't. I mean, it's unlikely, but it could've been a random hijacking. No, they must've been tipped off. I have formulated an interactive evolutionary algorithm, designed to determine the Harley's initial escape route and subsequent destination. Billy, monitor all gas stations fanning out 300 miles south of the hijack area. Monitor for what? You'll know it when you see it. ELECTRONIC VOICE: Chamber doors opening. KITT: I believe Sarah's hunch to be right. Whomever's riding that Harley knew exactly where that truck would be and when. MIKE: Oh, I see how you are. It's okay for Sarah to have hunches. Sarah is a genius, Michael. Who authorized KITT's departure? I did. Mike, you know that thing you were talking about that seems impossible? I think, this is probably it. (ELECTRONIC CRACKLING) It didn't move that fast before. Whoa! Did you see it jump there? It's mutating. Mike, are you seeing this? MIKE: You still think it's an over-cranked EMP? ALEX: It's a nanovirus. It infects everything electronic and it spreads through metal. Yeah, we know. Well, the only good news here is that humans appear to be completely immune. Unless you're using a pacemaker or a titanium hip or a steel plate in your head. You have to find that Harley. We're already on it. Intercept in three minutes. How did you... KITT had a hunch. KITT: I appreciate the credit, Michael, but it wasn't a hunch. Initiating transformation. KITT, make certain your shields are up when you approach the convenience store. You're sure it'll keep him from getting infected? Yeah, these shields are designed to hermetically seal the entire car, so they'll hold. But bear in mind, they may reduce KITT's mobility. I pinged the convenience store's modem. (CHUCKLES) All it's got is an old dial-up connection. Mike, you've got to find the phone line before the virus gets to the Internet. KITT: I suggest you remove your earwig and your watch and your cell phone. (ELECTRONIC CRACKLING) (EXCLAIMS) Oh! Oh, my God, what's happening? Do you work here? Yeah. Have you got a phone inside? What? A phone. No, just that one there. You might want to hide behind the building. Dude, your car's glowing. Michael, there is not much time. Dude, your car's talking. Dude, duck. KITT, take out the payphone. We have containment. KITT: It appears we have overlooked something, Michael. What's that? It seems the Harley we are pursuing is spreading the virus, but is not affected by it. I should've noticed it sooner. See, now I've got your back, Michael. Okay, partner. Thanks, brosif. SARAH: Come on, Dad, we both know where this virus came from. Ryan Arrow's fallen off the planet since he sold out to the Defense Department. He was your research assistant, he'll see you. I think he'd rather see you. Mike know about you and Ryan? Mike and I are just friends. Friends? That what they're calling it these days? Dad! Ew! BILLY: Mike? Yeah, Billy? I think I found your Harley. I'm on my way. Nice move. KITT: Thank you, Michael. KITT, shields up. Engaging shields. Michael? Yes, KITT? There is an access road 200 yards ahead. You could say I have a hunch he'll take it. Diverting to access road. (CAR HORN BLARING) The shields are interfering with my ability to give chase on this terrain. MIKE: Then drop your shields, KITT. But, Michael, there is a danger of infection. We can't lose him. He's trying to spread it to the power grid. (ELECTRONIC CRACKLING) The virus is spreading. KITT, stop. There is a danger of infection. Now! Arm Plasma Pulse. Activating pulse. (MUSIC PLAYING) Right where you said he'd be. Old habits die hard. Ryan, good to see you. Listen, a virus like... Doc, I know why you're here. You owe me a dance. When we broke up... (LAUGHS) When you broke up with me. We were supposed to go dancing. That's why you owe me one. Something different about you. A confidence. You look the same. (LAUGHS) Is that a good thing or a bad thing? It's good. Very good. Try Sarah again. She is not responding, but Billy has updated me on her mission status. Where is she? A drinking establishment called The Well. A bar? Sarah and Dr. Graiman are attempting to track down a former colleague, Dr. Ryan Arrow. Get me a bio on this poindexter. What is a poindexter? A geek, a nerd, a dweeb. Ryan Arrow, magna cum laude, Stanford.  Ph. D., particle physics, MIT. Ph. D., electrical engineering, Caltech. He was Dr. Graiman's research assistant for two years, concentrating on the theoretical molecular structures of silicon based nano-organisms. Egghead. Olympic hopeful in the decathlon. Spent one year as a fashion model in Milan. Also, he and Sarah dated for a while two years ago. I am searching for exact dates. Never mind the exact dates. Get me telemetry on Sarah right now. Coming up on screen. I show unusually high levels of serotonin and adrenaline. And she appears to be engaged in some sort of physical activity. RYAN: Charles Graiman always did love his alternative rock. (LAUGHS) (SIGHS) Your father said something about a nanovirus. Your nanovirus. It's loose. First of all, it isn't my virus. I sold it to the military so they could screw it up like they do everything else. And second, it's harmless. No, it's not harmless, it's mutating, and we need your help. Who is we? You're working for the man now, aren't you? (LAUGHS) I heard something about Alex Torres and some secret project. It's KITT, isn't it? I'd tell you, but then I'd have to kill you. Remember the Big Sur? We didn't get out of bed for three days. (CHUCKLES) You're drunk. (INHALES) We should never have broken up. Tell you what, go out with me again and I'll help you track down the nanovirus. Ryan, it's not that simple... (GASPS) Hey! (GLASS SHATTERS) I'm sorry. I'm serious. We could start over. Hey! You spilled my drink. I'm sorry, I'll buy you another. You going to buy me another shirt, too? Someone should. (WHISPERS) Sarah! Just tell the bartender. Whatever you want. What I want is for you to keep your little girlie here in line. What did you just say? Girlie. Maybe we should leave. KITT: Sarah's heart rate is extremely high. She might be in trouble. Go! Go, go, go. (GROANS) I hate it when people call me girlie. Girlie was a little ill conceived, don't you think? Oh, hey, Mike. Do you want a beer? Michael, is everything okay? Everything's fine. (KITT HUMMING) (KITT HUMMING) KITT. (SPEAKING FRENCH) (KITT SPEAKING FRENCH) Come on, you really went out with le douche over here? How come you never mentioned him? Because you disappeared off the face of the earth for three years, remember? The whole "I thought you were dead" thing. Okay, good point. And not that it's any of your business, but I didn't sleep with him last night. I know. I sat up all night watching him. (RYAN SPEAKING FRENCH) KITT, you are marvelous. KITT: Merci, Dr. Arrow. Are we just supposed to let anyone talk to the talking car? It's okay. Ryan's a friend. RYAN: And his responses. Not just simplistic "Yes" or "No," but rich, thoughtful, complex answers. KITT's current capabilities go far beyond the original prototype you saw. Well, the detail evident in his chip matrix is spectacular. The car part's not bad either. You've done it, Doc. You've created functioning artificial intelligence. (PEOPLE CHATTERING) Payroll reports. Ryan Arrow's been on the Defense Department payroll for the last five years. Where did you get this? From a very hot guy at the Pentagon. Shred them when you're done. Get Mike on the chat line. RYAN: Designed the original virus to clean up toxic waste. Literally eats heavy metals and then craps out harmless organic matter. Not anymore. That's because they turned it into something else. Something I never intended. Thanks. You act like someone stole your baby. You sold it to the military, remember? You're not a scientist. You wouldn't understand. You're right. I have a life. We need your help. I have no idea how to stop that virus. Even if I did, why should I? Serves them right. Then we're wasting our time here. CARRIE ON EARWIG: Mike, it's Carrie. Are you alone? I'm going to get ready to go. (SIGHS) Go ahead, Carrie. CARRIE: Is Arrow any help? He says he knows nothing about the virus since he sold out five years ago. CARRIE: If he sold out, then why's he still on the DoD payroll? He's still working for them. KITT, show me blueprints of the house. Michael, may I ask you a personal question? Shoot. I've never really seen you act this way before. Are you threatened in some way by Dr. Arrow? (CHUCKLES) You think I'm jealous of Sarah and Arrow? Your behavior is consistent with the human emotion called jealousy. I'm just concerned Dr. Arrow's not telling us the whole truth. And yes, I'm jealous. What's this? There is an additional room beneath the main house. The entry door is on the deck. You mean a basement? It is lead lined and is too deeply buried for my infrared sensors to penetrate. Sounds like a good place to hide something. (KITT HUMMING) (CRACKLING) Why don't you tell us what you're hiding? Whoa! Whoa! Mike, what is wrong with you? I think your jarhead boyfriend wants to kick my ass. First of all, genius, jarhead's a Marine. I'm Army all the way. Yeah, well, they only paid me. Looks like they branded you. I don't work for any "they. " Yeah, just keep telling yourself that. I'm not the one still on the government's payroll. You're still collecting a check. Is this true? I might be giving up 100 IQ points here, but how come I'm the only one who knows you have a trapdoor hidden under your rug? Ryan, what's going on? Why'd you let the virus go? (SIGHS) Because I'm a better scientist, than I am a thief. I screwed the whole thing up. Impressive. DIA came to me and asked me to mutate my harmless little nanovirus. Yeah, they just came and took it from you? They didn't come with guns. They came with a checkbook. I said yes on the seventh zero. You all think you're part of this fantastic little egalitarian experiment. Mark my words, they'll find a way to take it all away from you. That's why you tried to hijack the big rig. It was you? I knew they were transporting the virus. Tried to take it back. It was my one chance to put the genie back in the bottle. But the bottle broke and three men died. And now it's too late. Mike, Sarah, Charles, do you copy? They must be out of range. KITT, scan the house. The house is empty, Mr. Torres. Are you certain? I am certain. I detect the presence of the nanovirus and a high speed Internet connection. It's my recommendation that we take out the virus and the means to spread it now. Agreed. We take out the compound and let it burn itself out. I am proceeding to optimum firing position. KITT, load your missiles. Warheads armed. Fire when ready. There is a way we could synthesize the vaccine. CHARLES: Show me. KITT: Missiles fully operational. (BEEPING) KITT, what are you doing? All clear. No! Not all clear! Do not fire, KITT! Do not fire! Oh, my God! They're in the house. KITT. Abort! Abort! Do not fire! SARAH: Ryan! No! I got to get the antivirus! There's not enough time. Firing two missiles as directed. (BEEPING) Ryan. How could this have happened? Maybe because they were underground, KITT couldn't see them. And Mike couldn't hear KITT because his earwig was jammed. It still doesn't explain why KITT fired the missiles after you gave the order to abort. Maybe he caught the virus. Maybe he's sick. No, I've run a remote scan of all of KITT's systems. Everything comes back normal. Have Sarah and Dr. Graiman run a complete diagnostic. When are they due in? Their helicopter lands in 10 minutes. Mike will be back with KITT in under an hour. KITT: You are being uncharacteristically silent, Michael. I don't feel much like talking today. Would you like to hear some music, partner? (ROCK MUSIC PLAYING ON SPEAKER) Turn it off! I am sorry, Michael. What part of "Abort, abort" did you not understand? I have thoroughly examined my memory unit. I have no record of a transmission from you or the SSC... Are you sure you don't have the virus? Run another self-diagnostic. I have repeated the tests several times. All of my systems are functioning normally. Your screens are out. Your lights are flickering. What else could it be? A short occurred when the missiles were fired. I'm certain it's nothing serious. I forget sometimes that you're not a person. That you're just a machine. I believe I am feeling what you would call regret for causing Dr. Arrow's death. You're sorry about what you did, but you don't have any feelings, KITT. Only people have feelings. Of course, Michael. It was just a theory. ELECTRONIC VOICE: Hangar doors opening. Secondary decontamination complete. The secondary decon cleared him. KITT's okay. (SIGHS) We have to consider decommissioning KITT. At least for a while. Is that really necessary, Charles? You didn't have two missiles fired at you. (SIGHS) (SIGHS) CARRIE: Doctor? KITT's primary guiding principle is that he do no harm to people. It is built-in, literally hardwired into his core memory. Now, this sort of thing should never happen. I'm afraid something's gone terribly wrong. Sarah, do you agree? Ryan Arrow died for no reason today. I'll call Washington. (ELECTRONIC CRACKLING) (ALARM BLARING) It's the virus! We're infected! ELECTRONIC VOICE: Security bypass. Emergency procedures in effect. We're infected! Initiate full quarantine! Billy, we've got to contain the virus! Cut all connection to the Internet! It's not responding! (ELECTRONIC HISSING) (PEOPLE CLAMORING) Oh, my God! We brought the virus in with us. It's everywhere. I can't get him to turn. Help me. (EXCLAIMS) I can't cut our connection to the Web! Whoa! (GRUNTS) (SCREAMS) No, no, no, no, no. Oh, come on. I just got that! KITT? How are you feeling? KITT: I'm sick, partner. Really sick. Is he drivable? I think so, but it could damage him beyond repair. Why? Another hunch. Get in. (SNARLING) (SCREAMS) (ENGINE SPUTTERING) (SIGHS) We could spread the virus. If we don't go, he dies. (ENGINE REVVING) ELECTRONIC VOICE: Chamber doors opening. KITT: Strap in. It's going to be a bumpy ride. Why did it take so long to infect him? Ultra high density carbon fiber. His non-metallic parts protected his metal parts from catching the virus for a long time. (GRUNTS) He's fighting me. Billy! Status. The virus has spread to levels three through six. It's moving much faster now. It's getting smarter. It's using KITT's artificial intelligence to replicate itself. It can't be stopped. KITT, can you hear me? KITT: (DISTORTED) Sarah, is that you? I'm here, KITT. You've got to let Mike drive. I killed Ryan Arrow. I'm very sorry. We've got to distract him. KITT, can you calculate the value of pi to its last digit. Come on, you know that's impossible. Pi is a mathematical constant that... I said distract him, not get us killed. I estimate we lose total control in 15 minutes. Mike? Sarah? I recommend a full evacuation and initiation of self-destruct sequence. We destroy the SSC and let the virus burn itself out. It's the only way. It takes two of us. Billy, begin a complete evacuation. (ALARM BLEEPING) Total sci-fi moment. Three, two, one, mark. ELECTRONIC VOICE: Self destruct sequence commenced. How did you... This is what Arrow was heading for when KITT fired the missiles. The bike's immune, but I don't think it's because it's old. What the... It's running some sort of antivirus. Can't you use it to immunize KITT? You mean like synthesizing a vaccine from the antibody rich blood of a healthy human? Yeah, that or whatever. Mike, didn't you ever pay attention in science class? Yeah. First, I'd need root access to the source code, then a detailed schematic and of course, a benign host in which to transport the antidote. You know, I guess it is possible. MIKE: Great! So, why don't you download it? It's a little ironic, don't you think? That we end up the architects of our own undoing? ELECTRONIC VOICE: Evacuation in progress. Not much for irony, Charles. I can't. It's encrypted. All other levels have been evacuated. We're all that's left. Get out of here, Billy. That's an order. ELECTRONIC VOICE: Three minutes. Ability to reach safe distance may be compromised. Dad? Dad? Ryan put an antivirus program into the Harley, but it's password protected. How strong is the encryption? 512 bit. Even if we had a supercomputer, it would take days to unravel. If only KITT were able to... That's not an option right now. What's that sound? Self-destruct. ELECTRONIC VOICE: Two minutes to self-destruct. (DISTORTING) I did not intend to kill Dr. Arrow. It wasn't your fault, KITT, you were sick. Michael? Sarah? I am afraid... It's okay, KITT, we're right here with you. I don't want to die, Michael. We can't wait any longer, Charles. It's no use. Ryan could have made the password from an infinite number of things. He could've. But I don't think he did. (BEEPING) (DISTORTING) Michael, Sarah, goodbye. Michael? He's alive! (KITT HUMMING) Of course, he's alive. SARAH: Dad, it worked! Sarah, we can barely hear you. Say again! I've uploaded the antivirus to the SSC's core operating system. Cancel the destruct sequence! (LAUGHING) CARRIE: Alex, it looks like the virus is retreating. What's going on? ELECTRONIC VOICE: 19, 18... Sarah reversed it. Can you get back in here? ... 17, 16, 15, 14, 13, 12, 11, 10, nine, eight, seven... It's not working. ... six, five, four, three... (BLEEPING) (SIGHS) Piece of cake. ELECTRONIC VOICE: Identities confirmed. Self-destruct aborted. You don't think KITT was really feeling emotions, do you? I'm sure it was just an anomaly brought on by the virus. I'm sorry about Ryan. You'd have liked him, if you'd have gotten to know him. I'm sure I would have. You going to be okay? Yeah, I'll be all right. What about you, KITT? You okay? Core systems fully operable. Tire pressure, compression, fuel system, normal. Exoskeleton 99. 72% healed. He's fine. Let's go home. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 