Occupied: Season 2, Episode 1 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Occupied 
 s2e1 - August - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Occupied (2015–…): Season 2, Episode 1 - August - full transcript 
 Six month after the first season concluded, the Russian occupation still holds Norway in a firm grip. In the first episode of the second season we follow the steps to form an exile ... 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 My name is Wenche Arnesen. Many of you know me as the Director of PST - - but I'm also the leader of the resistance group Free Norway. The time of fossil fuels is over. The Russians saw my Social Democratic education as cowardice. How do you think they'll see you? They have something our enemy could never have: the right to defend our Fatherland. Are you ready to fight for your country? 8 MONTHS LATER THE RESISTANCE MOVEMENT HAS SUFFERED HUGE LOSSES 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 EX-PRIME MINISTER JESPER BERG IS IN EXILE IN SWEDEN THE EU HAS PUSHED THE NEW GOVERNMENT INTO A DEAL WITH RUSSIA. Have you thought about coming home to Norway, then? You can't do anything politically in Sweden anyway - - so you might as well live in Norway and use your skills for what you're good it. I got shot. Maybe that's a sign. It's different now. We have a whole new dialog with the Russians. Yeah, sure, so they can get what they want. Anders did what was necessary to avoid chaos. You know that. Are there still people in the Prime Minister's office - - that don't call Anders boss? How are you going to get out of your self-imposed asylum? OCCUPIED 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 - You can fly here to Stockholm. - Fly here to see you? I'll call you. - Eknes? - Yeah. I signed up for the Coast Guard to assert Norway's sovereignty. - I'm doing this for my country. - Okay. I'm coming to you because the Russians are bringing weapons into Norway. They're bringing them to Melkøya. They're asking us to look the other way. The current government signed an agreement with the Russians. - They can arm security forces... - ...for their installations. That doesn't include anti-aircraft batteries. - What do you mean? - I'm talking about AGAT JSC. They're surface-to-air missiles, cruise missiles. The Russians are preparing for a defensive war in Norway. What are your superiors saying about this? I told my Captain, the head of the Coast Guard - - and even the leaders of the Navy. Nothing. - Did you see it, or just hear rumors? - I saw it. But why are you coming to me? Because you're the only politician that opposed the Russians. When I was Prime Minister. I'm not in power now. What about your network of contacts? It didn't disappear because you're here. You must be able to do something. I'm sorry, Eknes. I'm not involved anymore. [New terror attack in Oslo] It's the third terrorist attack in one month. We can't comment on that. - 325. - 187. - Are we behind the bombing? - We didn't organize it. So there's another group we don't control? We can't be in contact with every group. It's too risky. The enemy has deployed surface-to-air missiles in Melkøya. - Are you sure? - Yeah. AGAT. We need photos. It requires an armed response. Exactly. If we get this out to people, we'll get huge support for our fight. THE CABINET BUILDING What about the leaders of Free Norway? Do we know more? PST has a good idea, but they don't want to take action now. We'll talk. I can't promise I'll call you. Not today. Okay. Bye. - Did you give the press anything? - No, we have nothing to give. What about you? What do we know about PST's investigation? No... You know it's best for the Minister of Justice and yourself. We have to show that we have something soon. So your boss needs a counter-offer. I don't know how likely that is. - Don't underestimate him. - Or you. Come on. They know where Vold is, but they're not taking him now. He's going to lead them to Wenche Arnesen. You'll hear from us later. PST HEADQUARTERS - I'm there now. - What's happening? What's happening? The police are here. - Who gave the order to arrest him? - Not us at PST, anyway. How did the police know he's here? Give me the Justice Department. Earlier, Commander of the Guard Harald Vold was charged for terrorism. He organized several terror attacks for Free Norway in the last 6 months. He's one of the leaders, and is directly responsible for killing many civilians. We have reasonable suspicion. Thanks to PST Director Hans Martin Djupvik. Prime Minister Anders Knudsen. I want to make it totally clear that my first priority as PM - - is the safety of the Norwegian people. - The arrest is... - Can I have a word with you? ...good investigating and teamwork. At the same time... The Justice Department says the decision came from the Prime Minister's office. Do you know what you've done? Do you know how many months of work have been thrown away? We urged the police to do something to stop the cycle of violence. And this is the best way? We were so close to getting Wenche Arnesen. Vold would have led us to Wenche. PST said that for months while Vold ran around freely. So you proposed it. We can't have innocent civilians being wounded and killed. You have no idea what we're doing. The ministers look incompetent. - Vold was a danger to the nation. - You're a danger to the nation! The leader of Free Norway was caught. I lead a similar organization: "French Fry Norway". A real Norwegian resistance fighter was caught in a barn. Was he dressed as Santa Claus? I have to congratulate... My little brother is more dangerous than me. I have to stop you. To quote Einstein, he said - - that everyone in the military got a human brain by mistake. In the military you only need a backbone. That's what Einstein said. I know what you mean. The military's so stupid. - What's stupid? - They're never home, for example. - That's very stupid. - I'm now home. Home... Sign up the National Guard. - Hi. - Hi. - You were looking at me, right? - Yeah. - Want to get out of here? - Okay. Yeah, I'm in. After you. - What's this? - Here. It's a message for you. Thanks for last time, Eknes. We need evidence of what you told me. If the Coast Guard isn't interested, you need to find other chains of command. You have to ask yourself if you're willing to fight for your country. - 289. - 686. Tomorrow we release a new statement from Wenche Arnesen. MELKØYA GAS TERMINAL Norwegian forces are moving into Melkøya. Free Norway is sacrificing everything to liberate the country. The more injustice is inflicted on us, the more we grow. It was planned a long time ago. That's all I can say. If there's a link between the soldiers and Free Norway, we need to know now. If Free Norway is involved, it could be a reaction to Vold's arrest. I want a concrete answer, not your personal analysis, Djupvik. The Prime Minister's first priority is to find out if Free Norway is behind this. We have a company of Navy Seals being deployed from a submarine. We also have two different teams who have landed here and here. Hold them back until we've spoken with Russian authorities. It's our responsibility to free Norwegian soldiers on Norwegian land. Not if Lieutenant Eknes acts without orders! Russian military helicopters are closing in on Melkøya. - We can't risk... - Prime Minister, that's the situation. We have to free the soldiers before the Russian reinforcements arrive. We'll take them with us. Quickly, quickly! - The priest spoke to Wench last. - He's already been here three times. But there's something with him. He remembers way too many details. There's no point bringing him in. Didn't he have a son? - Yeah. - Try bringing him in. - For what? - For Googling something or other. Bring the son in. We didn't manage to free the Coast Guard soldiers. We took Melkøya and disarmed the Russian security forces. - How many soldiers do we have there? - Around 300. We control the area. The French EU Commissioner is calling. Yeah, put him on. I'm not stopping my men from helping their own. Your professional pride isn't the topic. That's a betrayal of the Norwegian people. You have to let the Director of Defense go. He's losing it over the recalling of the troops. I can't do that. Do you understand? I can't go against our own Defense. It's not Defense behind this. The soldiers are basically deserters. No Prime Minister goes to war - - for an action he didn't order. I can't breathe... Stop the car! Stop. I need to get out. How long do you think pleasing the Russians will save us? - That was exactly what Jesper tried. - He turned. You saw how that went. You need to show the people behind it they can't dictate what the government does. - That's not how people see it. - Yes, it is! If you go to war now and stand up to the Russians, you're lying down - - for Norwegians who take the law into their own hands. If I fire the Director of Defense, I have to replace him. The alternative is war! Hi. Wait, I can't hear you. Hi. RUSSIAN HEADQUARTERS - Irotsjka, do you still like the country? - The people here, yeah. - But not the leaders. - Why not? - They have no courage. - No courage? It's the second time in 6 months that we've had a situation like that. Factions of the military are vying for influence. That's why I've come to help you. The guys in Moscow are beginning to lose patience. They want us to extradite the Coast Guard soldiers. If they want that... they won't get it. - But we'll have dinner? - We'll have dinner. - Where the hell have you been? - Anders had an important call. There's no one more important than the Parliamentary President now. The EU Commissioner called. The Russians gave us a day to solve this. I'm going to withdraw. You can't fucking withdraw now! I can announce that you've found an alternative. But I've made up my mind. You need to talk to him. I talked to Defense, the EU, and the Russians. - Who were you talking to? - There's another solution. Hi. I'm on the way. I'm really looking forward to it. This will be a smaller government than we're used to. But it meets all the requirements. I cleared it with the Attorney General. PST HEADQUARTERS - He's 15 years old. - Sorry. No one gets a restraining order for that. I've talked to my lawyer. Jåvold. Why are you here? His son was caught for possession of narcotics. - PST doesn't deal with narcotics cases. - Stop. I know what you're doing. We're preventing terroristic attacks. We think you're protecting Wenche Arnesen, one of the country's worst terrorists. We talked about that before. That's not why I'm here today. No, but if I'm going to help you with the case against your son - - I'm going to need more info. - I can't do that. He's just a child. Good to see you. Welcome. Doing well? Thanks. Yeah. Hi. Okay. We'll all together. Norway's future exile government. Now we'll fight for our country. Welcome, Anders. Anita, talk to the Parliamentary President. He always liked you. It's best if the whole Presidium comes here during the afternoon. One, maybe two of the Vice Presidents is getting a ministerial post, so all - - the elected officials are involved. - What about the King? I talked to the King. How long have you been planning this? I planned it a while back. Why didn't you tell me about it before? You had to go back to work at the Prime Minister's office. It would have been a conflict of loyalty if I said anything. You realize that? - What kind of role will I play, then? - I've thought a lot about that. The cabinet isn't decided, but you'll be important. I placed this here to remind me of her. That's not enough. Where is she? Her ashes are here in an urn. Will you let my son go now? That's not for me to decide. I'll talk to the Police Chief if we find her DNA in the ashes. No matter how many you arrest, you're never going to win. I'm trying to protect people from terrorism. Are you? By arresting innocent people? That will only help the resistance. They'll spread like pollen. Many innocent people died from terrorism after Wenche disappeared. Did you place a stone for them, too? If the Russians come with attack helicopters... - Can they hold them for a few minutes? - Yeah, if they don't have snipers. - They always have snipers in place? - Yeah, I think so. Let's find out right away. - I'm not on here. - No. You could've had a ministerial post - - but I noticed I work best when I have you close by. I need you as Deputy Minister. - Are you taking Anita from me? - No. - No, I had her first. - What did you talk to Hole about? Huh? Did you ask the soldiers to hold Melkøya? They don't stand a chance. Soldiers are going to die now, Anita. PARLIAMENT You, the EU. - Why? - You're here to avoid a war in Norway. Can we trust him? Mr. President, can I have a word with you? I want you to see this. It's a proposal for a new government. - Who is this coming from? - From me. From you? But aren't you part of the so-called exile government? I'm not entirely sure that Jesper has peaceful intentions. Does Jesper know you're here? This way, the Presidium takes over without the parties being charged. It's a technocracy formed by civil servants. [Wenche Arnesen is dead] We've had a long discussion. We agree with most of your suggestions. But we need to discuss your proposal for Prime Minister. It's a smart move to suggest me for the post - - to get me on board with your plan. - It's also a smart move... ...because I believe you have a unifying effect that we need. Parliament takes over when the President becomes Prime Minister. But I don't have the energy to be Prime Minister. I'm 66 now. This is a nice place for me to finish. - I realize that. - But you are young... ...and have your whole career in front of you. If this is your idea - - then you should see it through. We suggest you as Prime Minister. I don't have the authority this government needs. You don't need to answer right away. You can take some time. - Mamma, you have so much milk. - Yeah. - How are you, Anita? - I haven't slept much. Is it because of the warships? - You shouldn't worry about those. - Alright, then. I've been asked to be Prime Minister. You were? - That's amazing! - You think so? - What are you going to do? - I don't know. I don't know if I'm ready. Your male colleagues wouldn't doubt they were ready. Actually, no one else will take the job. They doubt the political situation, not their abilities. I can't take the job because you think women are too defensive. Seriously, Anita. I have to take this. - Hello? - What's going on, Anita? I talked to the Parliamentary President. He says he won't support us, and that Anita Rygh will form a new government. - I didn't say yes to it. - Okay. I'm really glad to hear that. I don't know who said what. Don't do this. You'll be eaten up like a little mouse. Anita, I...is this personal? I don't understand what you're thinking. Anita, are you there? The seat's yours. There's a visitor for the Prime Minister. We're going over all the information in case we missed something. We need to find the people responsible, or we're not getting the soldiers home. - We'll find out. - How can I trust you? When you took over at PST, you used all your resources to track - - a Free Norway leader who died over 6 months ago. PARLIAMENT - Anita Rygh, do you have any comments? - The Russian warships are turning back. Recall your soldiers from Melkøya or the soldiers won't come home. Can you comment on the rumors that you're forming a new government? Satellite photos show the Russian warships turning back. At the same time, Norwegian troops are withdrawing from Melkøya. The immediate threat of hostilities appears to be over. It's been a difficult situation, but now it's over - - thanks to a good dialog between officials. What did you need to give Russian authorities to reach a solution? Both sides wished for a peaceful solution, so both sides withdrew. - Who is she? - She was Deputy Minister. I'd like to praise the Norwegian Defense - - who showed prudence and courage in a trying situation. - Do you think she'll do it? - And those imprisoned in Russia? Can you guarantee they'll be extradited? - Yes, they will be. - You're 38 years old. The country's youngest Prime Minister. Many are surprised you're taking over the seat of Prime Minister. I realize that. I've been lucky to have learned from the best. I'm confident that Norway will now get a government that will maintain... Yeah... It will be the shortest-lived government in Norwegian history. English Subtitles by S.E. kyckling@protonmail.com 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 