Rest in Power: The Trayvon Martin Story: Season 1, Episode 4 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Rest in Power: The Trayvon Martin Story 
 s1e4 - The Burden of Proof - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Rest in Power: The Trayvon Martin Story (2018–…): Season 1, Episode 4 - The Burden of Proof - full transcript 
 The world watches as the trial of George Zimmerman begins in Florida. The prosecution fumbles and their strategy is questioned when they can't handle the most significant issue in the case: race. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Rescue 38, law enforcement advise, can approach. They will be behind... Now to Florida where opening statements in George Zimmerman's second-degree murder trial are slated to begin this morning. We were finally gonna get justice. But it was a circus. Assholes! F--king punks. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 These assholes, they always get away. I'd like to tell you a little joke. Knock, knock. Who's there? He told a joke at a murder trial. Day two of the George Zimmerman trial now, and man, it's moving along at lightning pace. This morning, jurors are expected to hear from the veteran Homicide detective Chris Serino. You think he was telling the truth? Yes. They poked holes in their own case! Uh-oh. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 The most bizarre witness in 20 years I've seen on the stand. It was just a clown show. None of it made any sense at all! We're not--don't have the... Anyway, um... You listening? That was two scoops of crazy! It just all felt like being in hell. The day prosecutors have been building up to for 16 months. The trial of George Zimmerman is set to begin. He's charged in the shooting death of 17-year-old Trayvon Martin. I know people are fascinated by crime and they're fascinated by trials, but it was a circus. Whew. The trial! Lord have mercy! News cameras, CNN. Shit, weren't no sports going on, but I swear I seen ESPN. People took this case very personally. You could see factions. George Zimmerman! George Zimmerman! He wasn't even man enough to go after a man! He took a child's life! I hope he burn in f--kin' hell! They made the law, stand your ground, self-defense. The number one Republican issue at the time was gun rights. People are talking about stand your ground and saying the trial could become a threat to your right to bear arms, and that just makes people go crazy. People feel it in their hearts. That something has gone terribly wrong in our country. And we will never surrender our guns! You heard the NRA all over America. This is an attack on the Second Amendment. Lawful people have the right to carry arms to defend themselves. What do we do? Stand up, fight back! What do we do? Stand up, fight back! But for Trayvon's supporters, the trial became a catalyst for a new civil rights movement. No justice, no peace! It was simply a case that had become bigger than the case itself. I wouldn't say that Trayvon Martin's case further divided the country. All it did was expose the divide. I mean, we've always been divided. We the jury find the defendant, Orenthal James Simpson, not guilty of the crime of murder count A, a felony... Trayvon was like the OJ Simpson case in that it broke down over racial lines. I mean, tell me if you go to church, tell me what your race is, tell me what your education level is, I could probably make a pretty educated guess as to whether you think George Zimmerman is guilty or innocent. African Americans put huge stakes on the outcome of this trial, because it was really a fundamental question whether or not a teenager could walk around in his own neighborhood, and if he was killed, would there be any accountability? There's a lot of cynicism in the black community as to whether or not you can get justice for a black teenage boy. Hands up, you get shot. Hands down, you get shot. Run, you get shot. Don't run, you get shot. There's nothing we can do. And Trayvon signified that helplessness. You know, we realize that it's very hard to convict a policeman. Well, this wasn't a policeman, this was a civilian. And so, I think that there was a kernel of hope that people put in it. The case just seemed so straightforward! It's not just George Zimmerman. The justice system itself was on trial. Good morning, please be seated. Good morning, we're on the record. Case number 12CF1083, State vs. George Zimmerman. Before opening arguments, the judge made an important ruling. The judge ruled that any talk of racial profiling would not be allowed in front of the jury. I would ask the State to stay away from racial profiling, but not the word "profiled" itself, if it's used in other terms. Racial profiling is all this case is about! That's the entire thing! For second-degree murder, you have to prove ill will, hatred, spite. Those are all states of mind. If you have to prove ill will or spite without discussing race, between two people that didn't know each other, that's almost impossible. To take race out, is to take the core of the ill will, spite part of the case. You have to talk about race. If racial profiling had been admitted, it could use George Zimmerman's background to build a case that he had this inordinate fear of this young black man. George Zimmerman had made several phone calls about teenagers of color before this night. Trayvon Martin was literally walking home with candy in his hand, and he was perceived as a threat. And the reason he was perceived as a threat was the color of his skin. Any black prosecutor would have insisted that that was part of the case, because it was part of the case. What happened in trial was completely controlled by the State Attorney. Our legal team had no control over anything that happened in that courtroom. Only thing we could do is speculate like all the rest of America. The rule of sequestration is being invoked. That means are there any witnesses who are gonna be testifying here in the courtroom? Do you want them out at this point? Yes. And Mr. Crump will also leave the courtroom? Is he listed as a witness? Yes, he is, your honor. Yes, he will. They barred me from the courtroom during the trial, saying that I was a possible witness. You knew they were never gonna let me take that stand. Mark O'Mara knew well in order to get Ben Crump out of the prosecution's ear that he would have to put him on the witness stand, but that was done out of spite. I think they blamed Ben for pushing this issue, for putting this case in the limelight. And having him kicked out of the courtroom was some payback. It was retaliation. Something I would've done. I mean, he's gone. He becomes a non-factor. And hence, he's not allowed to talk about the case. And so, to have an adversary silenced is a win. At this time, we'll begin with our opening statements. Mr. Guy, you may proceed Good morning. Good morning. F--king punks! These assholes, they always get away. Those were the words in that grown man's mouth when he got out of his car armed with a fully loaded semiautomatic pistol and two flashlights to follow, on foot, Trayvon Benjamin Martin. He told the police that Trayvon Martin approached him, confronted him, said a couple of words to him, and then punched him and knocked him to the ground, just moments after that. Ladies and gentlemen, that did not happen. He said that Trayvon Martin had him down on the ground, and covered his mouth and his nose. His nose that was bleeding already, from having been struck by the first punch. That didn't happen. They looked at Trayvon Martin's hands. There was no blood on them. He didn't have bruised knuckles. He didn't have swollen hands. The defendant claimed that Trayvon Martin went for his gun. Well, guess what. Trayvon Martin's DNA was not on that gun. George Zimmerman did not shoot Trayvon Martin because he had to, he shot him for the worst of all reasons... Because he wanted to. Thank you for your time. The opening statement blew me away. I was floored. I thought it was by far one of the best opening statements I had ever heard. It was a textbook opening statement. This is an all-female jury, and they were riveted. This is how it's done. I don't agree. They staked it out trying to appeal to the sympathies of the jury with a very emotional opening statement, but emotion isn't evidence. Next up is the defense, and we're told that Don West will be delivering their opening statements. West is known as a really respected figure in Florida law. A very intellectual and thoughtful attorney. So we should expect that his opening statement will be very cerebral and very precise. I'd like to tell you a little joke. I know how that may sound a bit weird. Here's how it goes: "Knock, knock." "Who's there?" "George Zimmerman." "George Zimmerman who?" "All right, good. You're on the jury." Nothing? That's funny. He told a joke at a murder trial. So it started off on a bad note. Well, maybe that was, you know, amusing to him, but I didn't find anything funny about it. Don West might've looked like a jerk, might've looked like he was being rude, but he knew exactly what he was doing. If I've heard it once, I've heard it a thousand times. That Trayvon Martin was unarmed. What the evidence will show you is that's not true. Trayvon Martin armed himself with the concrete sidewalk and used it to smash George Zimmerman's head. That is a deadly weapon. Trayvon Martin is armed with the sidewalk. The sidewalk is his weapon. What it did show you was the lengths that the defense was willing to go in order to save their client and that Trayvon Martin was not the victim. He's the villain. From the beginning, you could hear black Americans all over the country just laughing. And it's like, here we go again. Everybody have their notepads and pencils ready? Okay, the State will call your first witness, please. Chad Joseph. Mr. Joseph, how old are you? 15. And how did you meet Trayvon Martin? By Tracy. That's my mom's boyfriend. Trayvon sort of adopted him as his little brother. Did Trayvon Martin ask you if you wanted anything before he left for the store? Yes. - And what was that? Skittles. I've served on juries, and I can tell you it's not the folder full of forensics, it's the story you're telling your jurors. Here's a teenager, a kid, heading home to his little brother to bring him some candy. Then he sees a stranger. These assholes, they always get away. As the evidence was presented... I think that was probably the worst thing for me, because I didn't want to see the pictures. I didn't want to see him laying on the ground. When I was there, I'm sitting in front of his mother, who's seeing images of her deceased son. No parent should have to do that. Ever. And then, we saw the hoodie. To so many watching, it's not a piece of evidence. That's an icon. That sweatshirt symbolizes the racial profiling they believe George Zimmerman is guilty of. I don't know, I guess you psyche yourself out. You make your mind think that, "Mm, that wasn't Trayvon's." State, please call their next witness. We call Investigator Chris Serino. Chris Serino was supposed to be a star witness for the prosecution. He was the lead detective when the case first began. That the testimony you shall give will be the truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the truth, so help you God? Yes, I do. - Thank you. He was supposed to be the guy that came in and proved to the jury that this was second-degree murder. The problem is his initial filing was manslaughter, not murder. And how do you explain to a jury that the lead detective did not think he did not have enough evidence for second-degree murder? The officer was really caught in crossfire. He had political pressure. He had society pressures. He had media pressures. The way the police handled this stinks to high heaven. Chris Serino's initial sense of the case seemed to be manslaughter. I don't even think he wanted to submit that. And in fact, there were multiple, multiple versions that he submitted, and it kept getting changed. Man, that was not Chris. That was from up top. Whether if it came from City Hall, or the Chief just pulled the trigger on it, I couldn't tell you. But Chris told me that he wrote it and Captain O'Connor had to, like, re-- like, kind of almost rewrote it for him. And Chris was so scared about testifying to that that he hired a lawyer. He hired Baez. If there was one person who the public held in contempt as far as being a defense attorney, it was Jose Baez. Not because he represented Casey Anthony, but because of the way he represented Casey Anthony. There's a sense that at this point, Chris Serino was trying to protect Chris Serino. Protect his own reputation. What if Chris Serino is trying to make sure he doesn't become the fall guy? Well, that's not gonna happen on my watch. Good afternoon, sir. Christopher F. Serino. What is your occupation? I'm a Sanford police officer. How long have you been a member of the Sanford Police Department? Going on 16 years. Chris Serino winds up being a missed opportunity for the prosecutors. Sort of a non-entity. Is that where you understood Mr. Martin... Trayvon Martin was standing... The day he got killed? Yes, it was. Bernie was stuck, especially in light of the fact that he couldn't ask him about his manslaughter recommendation. And then, Mark O'Mara gets a hold of him, and what unfolded was somehow worse. Good afternoon, officer. Good afternoon, sir. You told him Trayvon Martin would videotape a lot of what he was doing. And that this whole event may well have been on video. Correct? Yes, sir. And what did he say when you told him that? I believe his words were, "Thank God, I was hoping somebody would videotape it." His statement, what did that indicate to you? Either he was telling the truth, or he was a complete, pathological liar, one of the two. Okay. Was there anything else in this case where you got the insight that he might be a pathological liar? No. You think he was telling the truth? Yes. Object! But the prosecution doesn't even try. Today, Detective Serino's testimony sent shockwaves through the media. Listen to some of this questioning. You think he's telling the truth? Yes. Chris Serino made that comment that he had a sense he believed George Zimmerman. Oh, boy, oh, boy! Asking somebody if they're telling the truth and this is a witness talking about another witness. And then the prosecution objected the next day. By the way, we object to that thing that happened yesterday. But what is the specific objection? Mr. O'Mara was asking the investigator specifically to comment in terms of the truth, the veracity of what the defendant said or didn't say, and that's improper. It's not like you can un-ring the bell. Ladies and gentlemen, my instruction to you is that that is an improper comment by a witness as to the truth and veracity of another witness, and you are to disregard the question and the answer. From a trial lawyer standpoint, that's taking a highlighter. The prosecution may not have been on their game. It was excruciating to listen to from a prosecution perspective. George Zimmerman was honest. He was trustworthy. There are defense attorneys across the country slack-jawed tonight thinking what a great job Mark O'Mara did. It will be taught in law schools. Mark O'Mara, he knew the weaknesses of the State of Florida, and he capitalized on them 110%. Today, we're expecting the prosecution to unveil what it's calling a star witness, a teenage girl who was among the last to talk with Trayvon Martin before he died. ...testimony in these proceedings will be the truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the truth, so help you God? Yes, ma'am. Thank you. She was on the phone with Trayvon seconds before he was shot. She just wanted to tell what happened with her friend, what she remembered, what she heard. That was a turning point in the trial. She was the prosecution's star witness. I want to focus on February 26 of 2012. That evening, were you all talking on the telephone? Yes. Tell us, if you can, what he described happen. Uh... He just told me the man looked creepy. Okay, and what did you say? Okay. They're having trouble hearing you. So repeat your answer. When you said what you asked him-- I had asked him how the man looked like. He looked like a "creepy-ass cracker." Creepy-ass cracker? Okay, let me make sure we got that. "Creepy-ass cracker." Yeah. - Okay. She was the voice of Trayvon Martin. But she had not been prepared at all for that moment. Would you please repeat your answer? At that time, I didn't know nothing about a trial. It's not normal to me. It's not like a regular thing I do. I did not feel comfortable. That was the first time I ever went to court. Rachel Jeantel is somebody who was made fun of in high school. And Trayvon Martin, who's this cool kid, this good-looking teenage boy is one of the few people who's nice to her. We were friends. We were good friends. It really took a toll on me. It's still taking a toll on me. Rachel has all these questions in her mind. What if she hadn't told him to run? What if I just told him to hang up with me and call the police? Was she burdened by guilt? Absolutely. I felt guilty. I could've did something. I kept calling Trayvon. When the phone hung up, I kept calling him. I should've called 911. Really, I should've called 911. This is a young woman who is just, you know, overcome and burdened with grief and with guilt. Okay. They're a series of decisions that she makes to try to protect herself, like I think a lot of young women in her circumstance would do. Her parents are Latino and Haitian. A lot of these families have mixed status. Some people have papers, some people do not. There is a real sort of aversion to authority, aversion to the police. I was very paranoid at the time. Very paranoid. I was panicking. Rachel Jeantel wrote a letter to Sybrina about what actually happened to Trayvon. I was on the phone when Trayvon decided to go to the corner store. I didn't know how to write cursive. I didn't want to be unproper, so another person wrote the letter for me. In this letter, she changes her name, she changes her age. She doesn't want to be a witness in a murder trial. In the letter to Ms. Fulton, you said your name, "My name is Diamond Eugene." Yes, it is. And you said that you were 16? Yes. The problem was some of the things that she'd said in the past tripped her up when she tried to correct them in the future. Good afternoon, Ms. Jeantel. Good afternoon, Mr. Don. "Mr. Don." This was the same Mr. Don who had put her through hours and hours of grueling deposition testimony. What I was wondering was why you lied about your age to make yourself younger than you actually were. Objection, she's already answered why she lied about her age. Why did you make yourself younger than you were? Excuse me, I'm not going to answer this question again. Can you give me another question, 'cause I'm not going to repeat myself. There had been a heated exchange between the two of them in the deposition. Why did you make yourself younger than you were? You could've made yourself older. Trying to protect my identity. I had told you this. I had a serious issue with Don West. I disliked this man. And please do not ask me that question again. I'm sorry, I don't believe you answered it. So I am gonna ask it again. Yes, I did. The question is why did you lie about your age? Objection she just answered the-- I need a break, I need a break. - Let's take a break. So Don would attack her and frustrate her and keep her off-kilter. It worked, and he did a good job of that. I was just angry. But I did want justice for Trayvon. So I had to grow up, take it like a woman. When he got her in the courtroom, he knew what buttons to push. The next thing that you heard him say was, "Why you following me?" "Why are you following me?" Yes. You're right. You're right. You can go. You can go! I'm sorry, it takes me a little bit of time sometimes to come up with the next question. Rachel Jeantel violated all of the rules that witnesses are supposed to follow. She rolled her eyes. She made gratuitous comments that were inappropriate for the context. Do you watch "The First 48"? They call the first number that the victim talked to. What? I'm sorry, "The First 48"? A show. "The First 48." All of which contributed I think, to how credible she was ultimately. I had told you-- Any time a witness gets combative or defensive, you're winning. You listening? It's real simple from a defense perspective. You got a witness like that, and you just want them to talk, and talk, and talk. I had told you during the interview, between me and Crump, I had rushed on it. Yes. How much more time do you think that you need to finish your cross? Well, I certainly wouldn't... I don't know for sure, I would think we should plan on at least a couple of hours. What? Ms. Jeantel, be quiet. Ladies and gentlemen, we're going to break for the evening. Everybody still remain seated. This was a headache, and I was overwhelmed. And then the next day... Oh my God. The next day, she's sort of put on display in order to sort of make her deficiencies a mockery, to sort of make them into a show. And it's a racial show. Are you able to read that copy well enough that you can tell us if it's in fact the same letter? No. Are you unable to read that at all? I don't understand. Um... Cursive. I don't read cursive. He already knew the answer to the question. I don't read cursive. I don't know how to read cursive. This is an attempt to make her an other, to distance Rachel Jeantel from the jury, saying, "This could never be your daughter." She says she doesn't read cursive. That was an embarrassing, humiliating moment, I must say, for that 19-year-old. One of the things that was striking is sort of how little objection was thrown up as she's being just manhandled. People are not born to be witnesses to murder trials. An attorney's job is to take a witness and to try to help them through the process, but they didn't do that. She just seemed up there with no net. You can hear laughing in the courtroom, but I didn't find anything funny. She's sort of seen as this sort of ghetto figure. When she's a girl, she's a kid. Don't tell me that those jurors weren't thinking this young black girl is different from me because they were. She was the most bizarre witness in 20 years I've probably seen on the stand. I'm sorry, she comes in in jeans and a sweater, and a little blouse. You gonna say I'm big, I'm black. "She talked ghetto." We have to excuse her poor manners, her disrespectful language, and cocky ignorance because she's black? Rachel Jeantel was treated like an ignorant, barely literate black girl. She was pilloried and she was clowned. This was a team of lawyers that over time, became more and more villainous to black people watching the trial. Race permeated every aspect of this case, and the intelligence of the defense was the subtlety in bringing it out. Jeantel was very good for the defense. She was precious. Are you making a reference to the movie? No! - Okay. Not at all, I thought her testimony was precious. It was priceless. I would cry if that was my witness. If that's their star witness, umm... good luck. Please be seated. Good morning. We're back on the record, case number 12CF1083, State vs. George Zimmerman. During the trial, there wasn't a clear strategy of how to portray Trayvon. They didn't have one single person come up to speak about who Trayvon Martin was. This would've endeared him to the jury, so that maybe the jury could've broken through those barriers of race to see Trayvon Martin as their own son. Maybe the jury could've met Trayvon's football coach. Trayvon was one of the best players coming out of our park. Maybe the jury could've met Trayvon's cousin. We worked in a concession stand on the football field. He was my best friend growing up. Maybe the jury could've met Trayvon's uncle. We go to basketball or football games. And when we come in, my nurse would be off, he would put me in the bed. That's the kind of person Trayvon was. Maybe the jury could've met Trayvon's aviation teacher. Trayvon was so motivated. Kid was always smiling, and you could tell he was happy about being there. I remember flying with Trayvon. He was just blown away by the beauty of it. And he wasn't afraid of asking questions, because I was the youngest person and also the first black man to fly solo around the world. The same thing my mentor saw in me, I saw in him. Trayvon was a carbon copy of me at a younger age, going through that same challenge that I went through. Nine out of ten people, if you go back to their high school, yes, they smoked pot. Yes, they skipped school. Yes, they had issues. They're young adults, they got hormones raging, they have different distractions in life. I look at my own self, when I was in high school, I hated school. I used to skip school all the time. I'm no different than he was. The difference is I lived longer. Because someone decided to end his life. And that... That hit me. An unfortunate aspect of Florida law is that when the assailant doesn't know the victim, you're not able to bring in character witnesses. But most prosecutors are creative enough to call a witness who would get something in about that person's character. Yes. They put his brother on the stand, but those aren't the questions they ask. Since your brother's death, have you had an opportunity to hear a tape that contains screaming and a gunshot? Yes. And did you recognize any voices on that tape? Yes. Whose voice do you recognize? My brother. Trayvon's? Yes. Your Honor, that's all I have. Thank you. I watch hours of testimony from certain witnesses and then comes Jahvaris Fulton, the best living example of who Trayvon Martin would've become, and they put him up there for four minutes. And when it comes to the defense, his family is on trial. You said a moment ago that you actually were not as certain that it was your brother's voice when you first heard it though, correct? Correct. Matter of fact, you had talked to a reporter about who's voice it may have been, correct? Yes. I would think it was my brother, but I'm not completely positive. This reporter, he came to my school, and I was still trying to wrap my head around what happened. I just think he's away right now, you know? He went to go visit some family and then he just didn't come back yet. And, like, I just still don't believe it. I guess it was probably by shock and denial and sadness I didn't really want to believe that it was him. No other questions, Your Honor. Thank you very much. The State may call your next witness. The State will call Sybrina Fulton. I remember just not wanting to be there, but I knew I had to for my son. By the time Sybrina got to the stand, she had built up this armor. She had blockers on where she couldn't see nothing but what was straight in front of her. Do you have any children? Yes, I do. And can you tell us who they are and their names? My youngest son is Trayvon Benjamin Martin. He's in Heaven. And my oldest son is Jahvaris Lamar Fulton. I want to play a recording for you, ma'am. 911. Do you need police, fire, or medical? Um, maybe both, I'm not sure. There someone screaming outside... I can't imagine somebody with a loaded gun screaming for help. And I absolutely know that was Trayvon. Good morning, ma'am. - Good morning. First, truly apologize for your loss. Objection, improper. Not a question. Okay, you need to make a question. Sorry. Excuse me? You need to ask a question. Mark O'Mara tried the apologetic approach, but we already knew what he was gonna do. If it was your son, in fact, screaming as you testified, that would suggest that it was Mr. Zimmerman's fault that led to his death, correct? Correct. And if it was not your son screaming, if it was in fact George Zimmerman, then you would have to accept that it was Trayvon Martin who caused his own death, correct? Objection. This is speculation. Sustained. As a mom, you certainly hope that your son, Trayvon Martin, would not have done anything that would've led to his own death, correct? What I hope for is that this would have never happened, and he would still be here. That's my hope. Again, I don't need to put you through more than we need to. No other questions, Your Honor. She went on the stand and she held her own. She didn't crack, she didn't bend, she didn't fold, they couldn't shake her, and she stuck to her guns. Just because you have strength doesn't mean that you're not feeling the pain. I don't think people understand that type of pain. That type of pain is so unusual. And it's so deep. And it's something that we have to live with every single day. I've thought long and hard about that night. I really wish Trayvon had just ran and just wouldn't stop running. Spending that time alone in the hotel... You know, you really start to feel the hurt, the pain that you're going through, 'cause you're by yourself. There was some times when I really wanted to break down, but I would just lean on God, and I would just say a prayer, and I would just lift myself back up to where I needed to be. Day nine of court proceedings now underway in Florida. So far, 32 witnesses have taken the stand. Today, we expect to hear testimony from the medical examiner. Shiping Bao performed the autopsy and then was called by the State in support of their murder play. In most murder cases, you do not have a witness to the murder. So the medical examiner is typically your most important witness. Dr. Bao, I'm gonna show you State's exhibit 81. Do you recognize that photograph, sir? State's exhibit 102. Is that a close-up of the gunshot wound? I want to talk about the position of the body when shot. Are you able to say the position that Trayvon Martin was in terms of whether he was standing up, sitting down, lying down, on top of somebody, below somebody-- are you able to say unequivocally the position of the body when it was shot, when he was shot? Okay. All of a sudden, Bao goes off on these insane tangents. Well, hold on, Dr. Bao. Okay. You're talking about your opinion is based on your experience. Okay. We just can't get into specifics, but the jury understands that. Okay. And then he starts to say, "I need my notes. I need my notes. I need my notes." I'm going to request that we have a copy of the notes. And then, arguing with the defense counsel. He was a nightmare of a witness. Your Honor, may the witness please-- Dr. Bao, after you have answered, wait for the next question. Thank you. You may proceed. Thank you, so--Again-- Stop! I thought, is this the best that they could come up with? This is a case of national interest, and he was a complete disaster. Let me make sure I understand. No, if you might let me ask-- I have never seen a witness, ever, that claimed a total lack of memory. I almost fell out of the chair when he said, "I don't remember anything." He didn't remember even one part of the autopsy. So that was a bad start. Except for one thing, you can't remember anything about it. I didn't have to do a whole lot in cross-examination because the train had already left the station. If you're a juror, and you just watched Dr. Shiping Bao fall apart on the stand, you have nothing but reasonable doubt. Everybody could see Dr. Bao in full bloom of his idiocy. Zero. I remember zero. And I'm the expert! It was a train wreck, a disaster, the Hindenburg. My God! You know, the prosecution's allowed to talk to and prep their witnesses! That was two scoops of crazy! I started doubting my belief in God. And it just all felt like being in hell. Surf the internet with browser of future osdb.link/brave 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 