Rest in Power: The Trayvon Martin Story: Season 1, Episode 3 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Rest in Power: The Trayvon Martin Story 
 s1e3 - Justice for George - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Rest in Power: The Trayvon Martin Story (2018–…): Season 1, Episode 3 - Justice for George - full transcript 
 Awaiting trial, Zimmerman's background is explored as he becomes an unlikely hero to the far right. Trayvon's parents are subject to grueling depositions, and a jury is seated in what is being called the trial of the century. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Emmett Till was killed in a horrible, deliberate way. His mother could've kept the funeral private, but she wanted people to see just how wicked this country was. I'd never in a million years thought that I would be in the same position. Thousands of protestors descending on Sanford. ...Demanding George Zimmerman be arrested for killing the 17-year-old... 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 With that arrest came hope. But we knew that we still had a long way to go. Today, for the first time, George Zimmerman appears in court. They put on a show for America, and America bought it. Mark O'Mara knows what he's doing. Get your crosshairs off George Zimmerman. George, the one true God sees all the good works that you have done. Donations to George Zimmerman are said to be skyrocketing. This started a hardcore White backlash. I didn't know what racism 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 really looked like in America. You have to hold the mirror to America's face without America seeing all the ugliness. They'll look away and say, "We're just fine." What do we do? - Stand up, fight back. The jury is seated in George Zimmerman's murder trial. And something we have never seen from Zimmerman, a big smile across his face. Here we go. Today, the killer of Trayvon Martin was arrested and has been charged. After the arrest, we felt like finally we'll have some type of closure. We'll have some type of justice. But that was just the beginning of a long journey. If you were aware of Angela Corey's reputation in communities of color, you might be worried. She had a lot of bad press because of how she treated African-American defendants in Jacksonville. There were people who absolutely despised her with a white-hot burning passion. And Marissa Alexander was the spark that lit the fire. She was a Black woman who had just been beaten by her husband. She went into the garage, running away from him, came back with a gun, and fired two shots in his direction. She claims Stand Your Ground before the trial began. And the judge in the case rejected it. Angela Corey convicted Alexander on three counts of aggravated assault. The judge sentenced her to 20 years in prison. She didn't even shoot the guy. She shot warning shots. She was standing her ground, but that wasn't given to her. If there was a Stand Your Ground case, it's this one. A--wait--wait a minute. Hold on, I-- There's actually a YouTube video of Corey getting into a screaming match with the Congresswoman from this area, Corrine Brown. I cannot hear the Congresswoman. All the community is asking for is mercy and justice. And so the question becomes, is this prosecutor gonna be as passionate about prosecuting George Zimmerman as she was prosecuting a Black woman who shot at the ceiling. By returning the second-degree murder charge, it allows her to get the political goodwill or capital that she was looking for among African-Americans. I think, by this point, the case was so politicized that had they not indicted, she was afraid there would be riots. I wanna introduce to you Bernie de la Rionda, one of my top homicide prosecutors who will lead this investigation. Her chief assistant was Bernie de la Rionda. Bernie is a very good prosecutor. Knows the law very well. He's been prosecuting cases in Jacksonville since the mid to late '80s. He's got like 30 to 40 people on death row, more than any other individual prosecutor in this state. We look forward to presenting this case in a courtroom of law. Bernie is a Jack Webb in "Dragnet" kind of guy. Just the facts. You all have not heard all the evidence. Please be patient and wait for the trial. On the other side, George Zimmerman wasn't happy with the first counsel he got. He's not returning my messages, he's not returning my texts, and he's not returning my emails. Zimmerman finally wisened up, and he ended up hiring Mark O'Mara. Tonight we learn that Zimmerman does have a new attorney, Mark O'Mara. He's been described as brilliant, a tactician, hallmarks of a skillful trial attorney. Mark is--is more measured. And intellectual and scholastic in his approach. More professorial. Mark O'Mara was excellent in public relations. He always stayed and answered every last question that every reporter had. He's very disarming. Nobody wanted Trayvon Martin to be prejudged as he was walking down that street. I ask not to prejudge George Zimmerman, and please do not prejudge the criminal justice system. It's going to work. The way that you'd normally go about defending a client, does that change now, given the atmosphere across the country? It truly does, completely. It sounds ignorant, but I would've thought that we had come further since the '60s. And maybe we just have a lot further to go than I realized. Does it affect you emotionally? Yeah. Yes. Mark O'Mara is a good attorney. He knows what he's doing. Today for the first time, George Zimmerman appears in court to face the charges... He's tired, you know. He's facing the second-degree murder charges now. He's frightened. That's--that would frighten any one of us. Zimmerman's wife of five years says her husband is not a flight risk or a threat to the community. Hello, you have a pre-paid call from... George Zimmerman. Shellie. Hello, you have a pre-paid-- Shortly after the arrest, we travelled to Sanford for the bond hearing. George Zimmerman could bond out of jail today. The man who shot and killed Trayvon Martin will... That was the first time that we--we actually came face to face with--with the assailant of our child. To have to look at the killer of the child, the person who took his breath away from him... I don't know what I would do if the person who killed my child was in front of me. The lawyer suggested that I be closer to the wall with everybody else sitting closer to the aisle, just in case my emotions ran hot I wouldn't be able to hop over them. I could hear a person speaking but I tuned him out because I didn't wanna make myself angry. His attorneys knew that that would be the headline. He apologized, as if this were a fender bender. It was just a way for him to try to get out of jail. Mark O'Mara knew how difficult it is to defend someone who does not get bail. This was a big deal. Um, as far as his financial abilities, unfortunately, this is a family of very short means. George Zimmerman claims in his bond hearing that he's broke and has no money. The back-and-forth continued for nearly two hours. When it was over, Judge Lester made his decision swiftly. I'm going to grant the motion to set bond in the amount of $150,000 with the following conditions... To make bail, Zimmerman had to put up $15,000 of the $150,000 bond. How did Trayvon Martin's parents take this? Not well, Trace. They left that courthouse visibly upset and angry. They put on a show for America and America bought it. I just felt like $150,000 wasn't enough money to release somebody that had taken a life. I just didn't feel like it was equivalent to what we had lost. George Zimmerman is a free man. I have no doubt about him. I don't know what happened. My name is Wes Robinson. I met George Zimmerman in 2005. You know, I was in a dark place, you know. Really stressed out with my amputation. In the beginning years of remission from chemo, George was a breath of fresh air. He did a lot for me. Our circle consisted of myself, George, sometimes my brother. All his friends were Spanish or Black. George Zimmerman's father is a White judge. But his mother comes from an Afro-Peruvian background. And on your mother's side? She's Peruvian. Afro-Peruvian. Yes. Afro-Peruvian? Afro-Peruvian. Yeah, there's a lot of different, in fact, Peru had-- Sounds like a fragrance. Yeah. George Zimmerman is not White. He's part Latino. The family used the Afro-Peruvian heritage as a way to protect from charges of racism. Georgie is not racist. We are not racist. We don't see colors. I mean, we are color-blind. We went to a lot of the bars by UCF a lot. And guys would look up at us and say, "Why are these Mexicans in the VIP? "Who do you guys think you are? You come into our country. This is America." All of that bothered him. And then, he was all about Shellie. At that point in time, we just went different ways. Okay, merry Christmas, everybody. Everybody has to say something. Oh, man. Merry Christmas to future Christmases. Oh, I like it. Okay, George. Merry Christmas to everybody, and, um, I feel truly blessed over here. How many kids does George and Shellie think they're gonna have? Five! Um, three. Three. George and Shellie were kind of like an example for me what relationships should be like. They seem very supportive of each other. One unit together. Nothing can break them apart. We were great friends and I thought he was a wonderful person. Um, that's why I married him. Oh, boy. George. Oh, my God, we almost hit him. He's so funny. Oh, my God. George went from having minority friends and being around all of us all the time to marrying a White woman. And I felt like George changed during that time. He was getting away from what his mother represented and moving closer and closer to what his father represented. Hispanics have the potential to be White in a way that Black people don't. In a society where White people thrive, there's a way in which one wants to be White, only in relationship to not being Black. I believe you become your atmosphere. White family. White perception. White privilege. The Black people were laughing. Because the people he chose to care about, and the people he chose to have in his life, I would be ignorant to say that he wouldn't have changed. One day, George said, "Oh, I met this U.S. marshal." His name was Mark Osterman. Sometimes George called me his--his token White friend. Were you a role model for him? He says so. And would you consider him a very good friend? Best friend I've ever had. White masculinity is aspirational. We're all supposed to wanna be White men, because it affords so much power. You helped him pick out the gun that he ultimately shot and killed Trayvon Martin with. Yes, sir. Part of White Christian male culture is guns. And so that gun made him a little more White. George Zimmerman got let into the club. If he wasn't viewed as a White man before, he is now. George told me he felt in place. He felt he was where he needed to be. He was studying Criminal Justice at Seminole State. I was teaching a Criminal Litigation course. George Zimmerman was one of my students. Not the most talkative person. Kind of quiet. He just had the--the persona of someone who wanted a career in law enforcement. He even looked the part. We learned that his goal was to be a police officer. But for some reason, he was denied. He had a prior arrest for resisting arrest. So I said, "Nope, he's rejected." I think he had a pretty tough time with that. Started hearing from Shellie that they're having problems. George is being very angry, uh, raising his voice, doing a lot of things that George normally does not do toward his wife. And she was crying to me, telling me how different George is becoming. He wanted to become a police officer but he never did. Since he couldn't be a real cop, he was gonna be the neighborhood cop. We moved into The Retreat in June 2011. George lived a couple of houses down. We'd wave, but we never really engaged in conversation. We heard a lot of people lost their homes in there when the market crashed. And in the front of the neighborhood there was a couple of vacant houses. I believe one of them actually had a squatter issue at one point. These neighborhoods that were more upscale decided to go Section 8, and then, during the foreclosure crisis was the downfall of the Sanford Housing Authority. Section 8 vouchers were given out to persons that lived in the housing authority, so they could go, you know, basically anywhere that offered Section 8. At the time, that was The Retreat at Twin Lakes. The Retreat had to find a way to control the "project niggers." "We've got to keep them out of our pools, "keep them out of our clubhouses, and keep them from gathering in certain places." The Retreat at Twin Lakes, elegance and class. You live in this utopia of White privilege. And as soon as that privilege gets extended to a different culture, is it really White privilege anymore? There had been several break-ins in the neighborhood. And that was the final tipping point to starting the Neighborhood Watch. From the very first meeting, it was announced that George was the head of the Neighborhood Watch. I mean, all his information was on the emails that went out. He was the person to contact. He thought he could maybe protect the neighborhood and be the hero. "And, you know what? If I can't fix my marriage, I could still do something right." During that time, I believe he called the police about 50 times. Two Black males in their late teens. Wife beater, black tank top. This gentleman is walking in the neighborhood. I don't know what he's doing. I don't wanna approach him, personally. Suspicious characters at the gate of my neighborhood. I'm with the Neighborhood Watch... Two days before the shooting, Shellie finally had enough and moved to her family house. She felt like this is it. They're going-- they're heading for divorce. There's nothing that could fix this. The day of the shooting, George came out to her family house, knock at the door, and had a huge, huge fight about how he really want her to come back, but she refused to come back until his anger issues are fixed. After he left, she was crying so much about how fearful she was, and that she'd seen a new George that she'd never seen before. A couple of hours late, I hear from Shellie. "Oh, my God, you won't believe this." God, these assholes, they always get away. "George has shot someone." I don't know what happened that night. But he should've just remembered who the hell he was. Press #-2-2 for the violent offense hotline. Please enter your pin number. Name. George Zimmerman. You may begin speaking now. While his face isn't inside the hoodie, the Skittles and iced tea makes it clear this gun range target is supposed to be Trayvon Martin. What do you think of that? This is the highest level of disgust and the, I don't know, lowest level of civility. The sellers say they support Zimmerman, that he is innocent, and that he shot a thug. George Zimmerman becomes this sort of strange hero to choose for the far right. Anyone that sides against George Zimmerman and condemns his actions should have a day when their neighborhood watchman turns his back and lets their house be burglarized, their families beaten, their daughter raped, all because they attempted to instill fear in a man that was heroically doing what was right. Why? Why were they sympathetic to George Zimmerman? If we consult our hearts, we know why. There's some pretty awful ideas that White supremacists have about Black people. And the Trayvon Martin case brought that kind of a backlash with it. Memes are essentially online symbols. And they capture a mood or an idea of some sort. And they proliferate very quickly. We started to see an influx of hate groups using them to spread their message. Whether that was on Reddit threads, hate forums like Stormfront, even the mainstream platforms. They took advantage of Twitter and they took advantage of Facebook. The memes show Black death as an accomplishment. Black men as the prey, as the hunted. And what it reminds me of are the historical depictions of Black men hanging from trees. For a lot of the very far right, this sort of alt-right, George Zimmerman, he's not even White, so he doesn't even deserve their support, but even they still rally behind him because at least he isn't Black, right? Mr. Zimmerman is White, in effect. It made him hugely attractive to the alt-right, because they saw a fellow traveler. Here's a White guy who's beating up on Black people. Here's a White guy who's aggressive, takes the fight to them. People were creating video games to satisfy some of that bloodlust. People felt that he made the country better by taking this Black kid off the planet. Zimmerman wasn't stupid in the sense that he understood that these people had come out in support of him. He was searching for money, and these are potential financial backers. This website, "The real George Zimmerman," in it, George Zimmerman announces he's got a Paypal account, urging supporters to donate money for his defense fund. A lot of people were like, "This is our hero. And we're not gonna let them take you down." George Zimmerman's legal defense fund raised over $200,000. His wife was lying. They had this code language to speak to each other on the phone about donations. The Zimmerman's allegedly funneled donations from supporters into multiple personal accounts. Always in amounts under $10,000, so as not to alert federal authorities. They even used the phrase "Peter Pan" as a code word for Paypal. Zimmerman was also hiding a second passport he acquired shortly after shooting and killing Trayvon Martin. It appears that George Zimmerman was getting ready to flee the country. The state filed a petition to revoke George Zimmerman's bail on the ground that he had lied at the first bail hearing about his finances. Tell us. Now Shellie Zimmerman is in custody. A warrant was issued this afternoon, and she was arrested very shortly afterwards. It was done to hide the money so that they could deceive the court, lie to the court-- Mrs. Zimmerman lied to the court, and this defendant just sat there and allowed that to happen. He was using his wife as a conduit to do this. There was a credibility question that now needs to be sort of rehabilitated by explaining away what they were thinking when they did what they did, and that's what happened. I'm trying to figure out when he was ever credible. The judge has set bail for Mr. Zimmerman at $1 million. So now, after months of marches and protests in the name of Trayvon Martin, the supporters of George Zimmerman are planning their own rally, "Justice for George." Donations to George Zimmerman are said to be skyrocketing. Stands to reason that the discourse on Fox News is driving a lot of these donations. I spoke to Mr. Zimmerman's father, uh, and I did speak to Mr. Zimmerman. I'll keep that conversation private. There was some jailhouse phone calls. And they kept using S.H. as a code. "S.H. called, that he's gonna take care of this, take care of that." And we believe it was Sean Hannity. Free again, Zimmerman had to post $100,000 to meet the requirement for his release. After staying silent for months, George Zimmerman finally makes his first media appearance On "Hannity" tonight. There was a report suggesting that I offered to pay your legal fees. Never happened. Never happened. No, sir. Um, do you regret getting out of the car to follow Trayvon that night? No, sir. Do you regret that you-- you had a gun that night? No, sir. Sean Hannity got the first interview with Zimmerman, which was one of the biggest gets in the media in a long time. Do you feel you wouldn't be here for this interview if you didn't have that gun? I feel that it was all God's plan, and for me to second guess it or judge it, um... Is there anything you might do differently in retrospect now that time has passed a little bit? No, sir. The Trayvon Martin case led to sort of a hardcore White backlash. Get the hell off the couch, you know, stand up, and stand your ground. "Stand your ground" became the slogan for his supporters. The NRA actually bears some of the blame. In the face of great peril, we always stand our ground. The NRA's modus operandi is to scare White people into thinking they need to have weapons. And they need to be able to fire that weapon if they feel afraid, no matter what. The Stand-Your-Ground law is obviously a part of this movement. After Trayvon Martin was killed, it put a lot of pressure on Rick Scott. Several months later Governor Scott established as task force to reexamine Stand Your Ground. We're here today to announce that the work of the task force on citizen safety and protection will begin. And the task force was really like a sham from the beginning, because of the people that were on the task force. It included Dennis Baxley, one of the original primary sponsors of the law. It included David Simmons, who was one of the authors of the law. And in the end they let Marion Hammer testify. And her testimony was pivotal. Your view has been colored and discolored by inaccurate media coverage and the rampant, deliberate disinformation that has surrounded the issue in recent months. The "Tampa Bay Times" had just put out an investigation that showed what some of these cases looked like. I mean, we're talking about, like, two guys who were on a boat dock, and they got into a fight, and they fell into the water. And as one of them was climbing out, the other guy shot him in the back of the head. Not guilty under Stand Your Ground. The report also showed that you were more likely to be set free through Stand Your Ground if the victim was Black. 73% of those who killed a Black person face no penalty. 59% who killed a White person faced no penalty. Pretty soon after, the task force put out the report saying that they weren't gonna change the law. We had great people, uh, on that, uh, committee. They went around the state and listened about the Stand Your Ground laws, and they came back and said we shouldn't change it, and I agree with them. But the other thing that Stand Your Ground does, which makes it a totally unique law, is it provides a path to immunity from trial for those who invoke it. If you believe that you're worthy of Stand Your Ground protections after you've killed someone, you can call for a pre-trial hearing. And it was up to a judge specifically to grant you that immunity. Big developments in the Trayvon Martin shooting case. The attorney representing George Zimmerman now says he will not rely on Florida's so-called Stand Your Ground law. For Mark O'Mara, there is strategy involved with that. 'Cause it would've gotten into all the political components of is it Stand Your Ground or is it not? Do you believe in it or not? The facts don't seem to support a Stand Your Ground event. What it seems to support is that Mr. Zimmerman acted in just traditional self-defense. The good, old-fashioned self-defense case. Period. For the defense, it's the idea that there was a fight. And that that is the most important aspect of their interaction, was the fight. Where the person on the ground, Zimmerman, could not retreat. That George was the innocent victim, and that Trayvon Martin was the thuggish attacker. And at that point it became very clear that this was gonna be the trial of Trayvon Martin. Depositions in any case, and for attorneys, that's the battle before you go to war in the courtroom. We showed up for depositions and there were cameras there. But the only depositions that they chose to videotape were of Trayvon Martin's friends and family. And they didn't even let the prosecution know ahead of time that they were going to be videotaped. There was a fear that the information contained in these depositions would get leaked to the media. I think it was a clear and key strategy to the defense to begin assassinating the character of the witnesses before they ever took the stand. Mark O'Mara knows that by possibly putting this out into the world, that he's tainting the jury pool. It is a strategy, because remember, jurors watch TV. They read papers. This is the deposition of Sybrina Fulton. Why don't you raise your right hand, please? Do you solemnly swear or affirm that the testimony you're about to give... Yes. As we go through this, I'm certain that it is going to bring to the forefront memories of Trayvon's passing. I don't mean to be insensitive. I'm trying to balance that insensitivity with my job, okay? Okay. Mark O'Mara is a very experienced attorney. But this is a really big case. He wanted legal heft. And he brought in Don West. My friend and colleague Mark O'Mara got involved as counsel. And after some discussion and wondering whether it was the best or the stupidest thing we would've ever taken on together, um, I joined up. What's the street address where you live? The witnesses have made a fundamental decision for protection and safety of their family, that they will not give their personal addresses out. Mr. Martin, you're aware that you may be subject to contempt for refusing to answer questions. Yes, and I'm not giving my address. Let's call the judge. This is the truth-seeking process. My job is to coax it, sometimes push, sometimes hit a little bit to make it come out. I mean, he's already answered that. I mean, why are we going over the same thing over and over? I would object as being repetitive. It'd take a whole lot less time just to have the witness answer. I think it's unfair to the witness. This isn't a proper objection to a deposition. It sure is, sir. Frankly, until it rises to the level of harassment, I can ask questions repeatedly if I choose to. Don West, I think, on the surface looked ruthless. Now, that's strategy. That's how you play the game. Were you aware that he had some tattoos? Was that okay with you? Yeah, that was fine with me because I felt that the tattoos were appropriate. Do you have any tattoos? Yes, I do. Is that why you thought that that was appropriate? The lawyers raised things that were completely irrelevant in my estimation. Did you know him to have some removable gold caps for his teeth? Yes. Tracy ever talked to you about concerns with Trayvon smoking a lot of weed? No. Let me ask you a couple of other questions. Did you receive any of the money that was raised at any of the rallies? No, all of--all the money that we've been raising has been going to the foundation. Did it assist you in your own housing expenses? No. Then they come to this line of questioning about the foundation. And whether or not Tracy and Sybrina have somehow profited off of their son's death. Are you saying you never received any of the money? Personally, no, I didn't. I'm gonna flat out ask you, because the way the questions were asked, it implied like you gathered all this money to steal it. Did--is that what you were trying to do? No, I would much rather have my son back. Do you wanna take just a couple of minutes? Might be a good time for a few. Should we do that? Yeah. Yeah, why don't we just take a few minutes. Off work, 11:23 a.m. 40 minutes past the hour right now in Florida. And the search is on for six men and women to serve on the jury in the George Zimmerman trial. You know, lawyers will tell you that a case is won or lost in jury selection. How do you find an unbiased jury in a case this highly publicized? Jury selection is a science. That's why criminal defense lawyers hire jury selection experts. In this case, the defense jury selection expert is exceptional. His name is Robert Herschel. These jury selection experts, they have access to LexisNexis. As soon as they find out who the juror is, they start looking the person up, and they get a profile of the person. 500 people have received jury summons to show up at the courthouse. We seek justice for our son Trayvon. And we also seek a fair and impartial trial. I think it's important that jurors get to know that George is a real person. He's a sensitive person, he's generous. He's, uh, very likeable if you actually get to meet him. The challenge is to find a group of people who have somehow not been influenced by more than a year of non-stop coverage. People should not fool themselves and think that a jury is unaffected, and that they're gonna not be influenced by all the outside noise that happens. And do you really make the best juror if you are that unaware of what's going on in our society? And you watch the news every day? Yes, I do. All right. In jury selection it became clear that everybody knew something about the case. And they had their take on it. What else did you learn about Trayvon Martin from the news? Anything else you can recall? Um, I know that his mom loved him a great deal. But his father wasn't present. Which is hard for a boy. - Sure. This potential juror had no idea, had never heard me open my mouth. That spoke in volumes. The one issue that no one's gonna wanna admit that they're looking at is race. Race is not supposed to matter in terms of jury selection. There were, uh, several potential African-American jurors. You know, just seeing them walk in the courtroom, you know, it gave us a little hope. Rightfully or wrongfully, I think we were more suspicious about African-American jurors. I think it made me question whether when we had a Black juror that we were really hearing the genuine views. We kept coming back to this idea that the Black jury would not be able to give George Zimmerman a fair shake. Like, if it's a Black jury, the deck is stacked in Trayvon's favor. If it's a White jury... "Oh, well, they can be fair." I donated to the defense fund some time ago. You believe that the juror has contributed to somebody's defense fund, and then might have a picture of George Zimmerman on her Facebook, that juror could still be objective? Yes. Another juror, a White single mother, faulted Trayvon for getting suspended from his Miami high school, which led him to Sanford in the first place. Being a single parent with two boys of my own, I don't wanna judge, but I just wanna say that this could've been prevented had he not been up here. That has nothing to do with whether or not George Zimmerman killed Trayvon Martin in cold blood. You're trying to find ways to blame him for his own death. Every day, people were being eliminated. And they mostly were African-Americans. I just kept on seeing every single African-American juror struck. And after they eliminated everybody, they were left with the jury of which none were African-American. When the jurors finally were picked, it didn't look good to me. Six women seated on the jury. We're told five of them are White, the sixth, Black or Hispanic. These women were the furthest thing from a teenage Black boy. The makeup of that jury was intentional. It was not a mistake or a coincidence. The whole system's guilty. Protestors demonstrating outside the trial of George Zimmerman. As Black people, we need to ask ourselves, "How can we trust the process? How can we rely on the system for true justice?" If we don't get one Black person on the jury, we're supposed to say that this trial is gonna turn out just and fair? I don't think that's a fair fight. It was clear the state prosecution did not wanna play race. They thought that race would get in their way. These prosecutors were not comfortable with racial issues. That's a big problem, because this was all about race. But nobody wanted to talk about it. Except them. I know God is in control, but the devil is busy. And something we have never seen from George Zimmerman, a big smile across his face. Opening statements begin Monday morning. Here we go. Surf the internet with browser of future osdb.link/brave 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 