Rest in Power: The Trayvon Martin Story: Season 1, Episode 5 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Rest in Power: The Trayvon Martin Story 
 s1e5 - Reasonable Doubt - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Rest in Power: The Trayvon Martin Story (2018–…): Season 1, Episode 5 - Reasonable Doubt - full transcript 
 Zimmerman's team capitalizes on the faults of the prosecution and focuses their defense on race, criminalizing Trayvon Martin. The public waits for a verdict that will have deep repercussions on the nation's future. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 The George Zimmerman trial is nearing its end. Do you know whose voice that was? My son, George. They tried to discredit me about the 911 call. And then, they bring in witness after witness to build up this great community leader that George Zimmerman was. George was tutoring some young children. Best friend I've ever had. They took the stand and they lied under oath. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Just when I thought this case couldn't get any more bizarre... When I looked out the window, I saw two African-American guys, you know, sitting there with a pair of rusty scissors and my son in one arm. Had nothing to do with this case. That was textbook. White fear. It's about that fear of a black guy coming through the window. After 14 days of testimony, slide shows, witnesses, theatrics, and even a little courtroom bickering, the case comes down to this. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 After closing arguments, I was like, I'm leaving. They didn't want to watch their son die twice. Police have been urging the community to keep things peaceful. Now all eyes are on this jury. And every legal expert in the country says you can never predict what a jury will do. Please be seated. Good morning. We're on the record. Case Number 12CF1083A. State versus George Zimmerman. As a black person in America, this trial was all-consuming. Every single day was waking up, turning the TV on, and watching the entirety of this trial play out. Did Zimmerman deceive police-- The shell casing was right by number eight. Juror number three, yes. Juror number four, yes. Once these things become TV media spectacles, it just gets bigger and bigger and feeds off itself. You're looking at our design of the Retreat at Twin Lakes. You got headline news breaking out the eighth grade dioramas. As they move, he says Trayvon Martin disappears out of sight. This was reduced to such a spectacle. And we're talking about very serious things here. Today, a former college professor who taught George Zimmerman Criminal Justice testified via Skype. Sir, I am telling you-- I have someone trying to call in on this line. As Pleasants' face and screen name were carried on national TV, pranksters began to join the video chat, disrupting his testimony. It was like a clown show. I've watched trials before, both as a civilian and a journalist, And nothing about what the prosecution did makes any sense. The prosecution never really stood up for Trayvon. The State was afraid that if it introduced Trayvon Martin's personality, the good achievements he had done during his life, the defense would counter it with tweets and phone calls and phone records that would show Trayvon Martin was not the perfect person. But how are you going to convince a jury that he was intentionally murdered without showing something? You know, just sitting behind the prosecuting team, and watching them, I felt that who better to call as a witness? I was the last relative that he had conversed with. I felt as though I know him best. I remember I begged and begged, "Put me on the witness stand." But they didn't, and I have a huge problem with that. After nine days of testimony, and dozens of witnesses, the prosecution has just rested its case in the George Zimmerman murder trial. And now, it's time for the defense to begin their case. When they started out, they called the shooter's mother. Good afternoon, ma'am. Good afternoon, Mr. O'Mara. Tell us your name. Gladys Zimmerman. I want to have you listen to the 911 phone call by Ms. Lamilla with screams in the back of it. Does he look hurt to you? I can't see him. I don't want to go out there. I don't know what's going on. You need to call the cops. Do you know whose voice that was screaming in the background? Yes, sir. And whose voice was that? My son George. The way that he was screaming, it describes to me as fear. I would say terror. She may have wanted it to be her son, but I know it was Trayvon. I think this is a good example of how both witnesses can firmly believe what they're saying is the truth. Both witnesses believed what they were saying, both mothers. But obviously, it couldn't both be true. George Zimmerman's friends took the stand today. All looking to prove one thing: That he was the one pleading for help during this confrontation with Trayvon Martin. And do you know George Zimmerman? Yes, I do. The whole case starts to become whose voice is it on the 911 tapes? Not only I just heard the scream, I felt the scream. Like my nephew is screaming for his life. I just immediately recognized it as George's voice. There was no hoping it was one person or another. Do you know whose voice that is in the background, screaming? Yes, definitely. It's Georgie. I hear him screaming. I thought it was George. Can you tell me why you think that? Just the tone. And did you have discussions with him about gun safety? Firearm safety is-- was always at the first, the top of our list of discussions. The defense was pretty creative, asking a sly question here and there about George's character, even though it had nothing to do with his actions that night. George was tutoring some young children and I encouraged that. And I was very proud of him for that. The fact that the prosecution let so much of this evidence in, without objecting was a failure on their part. He is my very dear friend. I think of him as a son. One time he asked me to show him how to tie a Windsor knot for a tie. And that just touched a very personal part of my heart. And he's always been there ever since. Every defense lawyer would try to get character in the question. It's up to the prosecution to make the objection. But if they don't make the objection, go for it. I was a combat medic in Vietnam. It was the Tet Offensive. 1968. Your job is to run. You go to where they're at. But invariably, because you know the men that you eat and sleep with, you know who it's gonna be before you get there. Is it a male or female? It sounds like a male. And you don't know why? Whose voice do you believe that to be screaming for help? There's absolutely no doubt in my mind that is George Zimmerman. And I wish to God I did not have that ability to understand that. He knows combat. And he knows that scream. And so once again, you have the defense just outclassing the prosecution. And it's not clear how hard the prosecution is trying. Oh, if you're keeping score at home, that's seven, seven defense witnesses who say it was George Zimmerman yelling for help, compared to only two State witnesses who say it was Trayvon Martin. Of course they're gonna say it was his voice. They're all friends with Zimmerman! And then Chris Serino, who was the lead detective, gets called by the defense. Over two days last week, Serino testified on behalf of the prosecution. And once again, it's the 911 tapes that are under the microscope. Did there come a time that you met with Tracy Martin and his girlfriend, Brandi Green, in your office? Yes, sir, there was. Do you recall about how many days after the event of the shooting that was? It was either the day after, or the day after the walkthrough. I think it was the 28th.Okay. I went ahead and played the 911 recordings for him. And what was Mr. Martin's response? Emotional. I let him listen first before I asked anything. Okay, and what did you ask him? I enquired as if that was, in fact, his son yelling for help. And what was his response? He... Looked away, and under his breath, as I interpreted it, said, "No." When he said, "No," what question do you think he was answering? That the voice in the background was not that of his son's. I lost a lot of respect for him at that particular moment, because I never said that it wasn't him on the tape. That was far from the truth. So what happens? Defense calls Tracy Martin. The defense says, "We'll put him on the stand, and we'll call him a liar." By them calling me to the stand, you know, they thought that I was gonna do some damage to our case. But I stood on what I been standing on since this incident happened. After he played the tape, he basically just said, "Do you recognize the voice?" And what was your response? My response was that's simp--I didn't... Um... Tell him I didn't know... I didn't tell him, "No, that wasn't Trayvon." I kind of... I think the chairs had wheels on them. I kind of pushed away from the... Away from the table. And just kind of shook my head and said, "I can't tell." So your words were, "I can't tell." Something to that effect, but I never said, "No, that wasn't my son's voice." Did you really know what to do at that point? No, I was... Our world was, from that point, until today, our world has just been turned upside down. The jury members saw a father that was in pain. And they saw the love that Tracy has for Trayvon. The defense tried to turn him, as a witness, against his own child. It was one of the more crass moments. It didn't play well in the public. I think it was distasteful for a lot of people to see. One of the jurors just had her hand over her mouth like this the entire time. Just because you can doesn't mean you should. The jury could say, "Why are you not leaving this family alone?" You know, it's bad enough that they lost their child. I really wasn't focused on Don West, about Mark O'Mara. I was just fixated on the individual that had killed my son. I wanted to make eye contact. I wanted to look into his eyes. I wanted to see what my son saw that night. And he never made eye contact with me. I think the prosecution made a decision early on not to pursue this as a stalking case. But if they had pursued it, I think they would've had a stronger leg to stand on because they could've used George Zimmerman's background to build a case that he had this inordinate fear of this young black man. That he became the aggressor and decided to chase him. For the defense, it's a different story. The argument became the idea that there was a fight and that that is the most important aspect of their interaction. Call your next witness, please. The defense will call Adam Pollock. Adam Pollock owned Kokopelli's Gym, where he trained people in MMA-style fighting. And one of those people that he trained was George Zimmerman. Let's talk a bit about Mr. Zimmerman. Do you know him? Absolutely. When he came to your gym, was he grossly obese? Absolutely. And was that a main focus of his workout regimen? That was the main focus of why he was there, was to lose weight and get into better shape. That was not true. This guy is a wannabe police officer. And he was taking this fighting class. So it's almost astounding that the defense brought someone up who teaches people how to fight to convince the jury that George Zimmerman was slow, and he was out of shape, and he didn't really know how to fight. He's just physically soft, and a very, very pleasant, very nice man, but he was predominantly fat. Not a lot of muscle. They tried to downplay Mr. Zimmerman's physical capabilities because when you hear that someone has been training in physical combat, the average juror would expect that person to physically dominate someone. You know, you look at him in the courtroom today, he gained 110 pounds since the incident. Is that part of this? Is it possible he put on the weight for this reason? The George Zimmerman I saw in the courtroom, who came walking in looking like he was out of shape, looking like he didn't know how to throw a punch is not the same militant, fit George Zimmerman that we saw the night of the Trayvon Martin shooting. And that's what's critical. On a scale of one to ten, what number would you assign to his abilities? .5. Less than a one. Yes. Well, he admitted George Zimmerman trained with him, but what he said was he didn't learn any real techniques or have any real ability. But that seems to be inconsistent with Mr. Zimmerman's statement. When he came to see you after Trayvon was killed, what did he say to you that night? The first thing he said to me was "Thank you," and you know, I said, "For what?" And he said, "You helped save my life." He told me that he was having his head smashed into the sidewalk. When he was hitting my head against it, it felt like my head was gonna explode. And I thought I was gonna lose consciousness. He said, "Well, you taught me how to move if you're in a bad situation." And he was able to move just a little bit to get onto the grass. So here we have a man who is claiming that he was on the brink of death when he shot Trayvon Martin. But when the ambulance arrives, they ask him if he wants to go to the hospital, and he says no! There's no dispute there was a fight here, but Zimmerman's injuries paint a conflicting picture about the severity of this fight. George Zimmerman only had a two centimeters long lesion on the back of his head. You have to wonder whether he really was in fear for his life. A prior witness for the prosecution said he did not see anyone get their head smashed against the sidewalk. Did you see at any time the person on top grab the person on the bottom's head and slam it into the concrete? No. There was no blood on the sidewalk where Zimmerman said this happened. In addition, Trayvon Martin's body was found almost ten feet from the sidewalk and Zimmerman said he never moved the body. Now, the defense is calling Dennis Root, a former law enforcement officer and an expert witness in the use of force. When it was time for the prosecution to cross-examine Dennis Root, it actually started off pretty well. Okay, and the defendant didn't describe to you how it was they moved from where he claimed the confrontation started to where they ended up? No, there was no explanation as far as how they transitioned. I think you said you reviewed some medical records Yes, sir. - Okay. Did you review the medical record that... Um... Where the woman measured the longest laceration on the back of his head as two centimeters? I don't want to quote the dis-- Yes, there was a... They weren't that large. Is that what you're asking? - Right. Two centimeters, right? That's less than an inch. Okay, I'm really not good with that. I gotta be honest with you. I get confused. But then he brought out the dummy. And that's when things kind of... Went downhill. Right? Yes, sir. Okay. Well, when they brought the dummy out, I was very concerned. I thought, "What is this?" So as the defendant described it to you, Am I... Is this the way he described it in the area of his belly button? I'm not a big fan of demonstrative evidence. Lawyers should've learned from "If the gloves don't fit, you must acquit." Were you aware that the defendant described to his best friend that, um, when he slid down, the defendant slid down, that Trayvon Martin is up around his armpits? Were you aware of that? And when John Guy gets the dummy in his hand, he's playing, essentially, the role of Trayvon Martin, and he's on top! He's basically conceding that George Zimmerman is on the bottom. Completely flip-flopped from what the opening statement said the facts would show. How do you win a case that way? He gives the jury two different versions of what could've happened. And that's the classic definition of reasonable doubt! The strange thing here is it usually doesn't come from the prosecution. And then you see, you know, Mark O'Mara and Don West licking their chops. So I'm clear, would you consider a big ol' piece of concrete a weapon if I hit you in the head with it? If you hit me in the head with concrete, yes, I would consider that--How about if I just took and smashed it on the concrete? So... George Zimmerman, Trayvon Martin. Were the injuries on Mr. Zimmerman's... Back of his head consistent with someone doing this on cement? Mark O'Mara uses that dummy to demonstrate for the jury, and sear into their memories forever, George Zimmerman's head just getting banged, and banged, and banged on the ground. What about somebody resisting the attempt? There's a moment where Bernie is pretty clearly chewing John Guy out. Bernie was looking really upset and was just in John Guy's face During the trial, I heard negative things about my son. But it's always a practice to blame the victim. Mark O'Mara decided that what he was going to do in this trial was to prosecute Trayvon Martin, make him seem like a thuggish attacker. He wasn't just walking home, but was actually waiting for the opportunity to commit a crime. So you said there was no evidence that Trayvon Martin was doing anything wrong, correct? None whatsoever. You don't know that though, correct? No, I do not.Right. Matter of fact, there was a type of a tool found in the area where Trayvon Martin may have been hiding. You looked in the bushes and you found... What was it? It was a piece of a window. Looked like a Slim Jim, the device used to go ahead and jimmy-lock some vehicles. Race permeated every aspect of this case. These are the cards that were dealt, and they played them. There are studies that suggest that aggressive behavior can be residual from marijuana use. We also know from looking at the 7-11 video that Mr. Martin is swaying. We also know from the evidence that Mr. Martin is carrying a lighter. Listening to his attorneys speak negatively on Trayvon was torture. He's not even on trial! And it just hurt. Emotions running high in the courtroom today while the defense calls one of their final witnesses: A former neighbor of George Zimmerman. An event happened at your residence where a crime was committed. Yes. Can you explain to the jury what happened with that? I was home on a Wednesday with my son; he was, I think, nine months at the time. And I heard someone ring my doorbell. When I looked out the window, I saw two young African-American guys wearing blue shirts. So I just assumed they were with a company or something. But then they kept ringing over and over again. And I just knew it was bad. I called 911. They said to get to the farthest room and grab anything you can use for a weapon. I heard them come up the stairwell. And he was shaking the doorknob, trying to get in, and I was sitting there with a pair of rusty scissors and my son in one arm. And the police came and they ended up leaving. They had stolen my camera, laptop, and they had tried to get our TV. She was pretty. She had a family. I saw the jurors nodding during her testimony. But I kept on thinking why is she even testifying? What does this have to do with Trayvon Martin? Had nothing to do with this case! This witness may have been talking about a home invasion, but the real focus here seems to be about race. She suggests that the reason George Zimmerman was right to suspect Trayvon Martin was because two young black men had broken into this woman's home. It was so manipulative, and it was playing the elephant in the room. It was playing that race card without really playing it. I think that it would be an unfair characterization to suggest that we were playing to a race issue on that. I don't think so. It is shortsighted and simply ignorant of anybody to think that both sides did not factor in race into every aspect of their cases. Mark O'Mara knew who his audience was. His audience wasn't, you know, the millions of people watching that trial. His audience was the people sitting in that jury box. And the people sitting in that jury box, everyone can relate to having someone who looks just like them saying that this was a concern. And I think that's sort of part of what was at work in that jury pool. They saw Trayvon Martin as that black guy I fear who could've broken into my house. Those are the kind of presumptions that prevent black people from getting justice. White fear! You, jury members, you should be scared too, of the black people, 'cause they're gonna come get you next. Olivia Bertalan says in the end, it is George Zimmerman who makes her feel safe. I was just appreciative that he was offering his hand and had told me I could spend time with his wife, because I was so afraid. Did any of your interactions with Mr. Zimmerman in this regard leave you with some impression that he was just too involved in trying to help you out? No. Did you think that his behavior was helpful to you? Very. In calling upon that sense of nobility, that men are protecting white women from the violence of black men. I mean, we're calling back to the days of lynching here. As if we're back in the 1950's with the death of Emmett Till. Emmett Till, the teenager killed in Money, Mississippi. The picture of his disfigured face and body helps to set off the Civil Rights Movement. The person who stalks and kills this young black man is a civillian. He was lynched for supposedly whistling at a white girl. That is the age-old trope, that whiteness and White America is actually embodied in white women. And that we have to protect White America, therefore, we have to protect white women. I think that that is not a leap at all. But just deeply historical. It's a historical truth. I know that's the stereotype. It's been exploited ever since what? Jim Crow? But I don't quite get the connection to this case unless you're suggesting that we were doing that somehow on purpose to appeal to the women on the jury. No, that's offensive to me. And there's nothing to suggest that race was a motivator in George Zimmerman's actions. If you think racial animus was George Zimmerman's motive, it has to be proven beyond a reasonable doubt. I didn't feel like George was racially profiling. It wasn't that he was looking out for a young black kid just because he didn't like young black kids. He was looking out for a young black kid because a young black kid is the one that broke into our home, and that was creating crimes. And he was walking. Throughout the neighborhood. But the problem is that's the definition of racial profiling. At some point then, one of those people were found and arrested and charged with that crime. Yes. A month or two afterwards, a police officer came to my door and showed me a lineup and asked me to identify the guy who broke into our house. She then told me that he lived on the other side of our neighborhood. He was 17. He walked away from it untouched because he's a minor. Yeah, he said they always get away. They did, they got away from my house. They got away from the neighbor's house. Even when they did get caught, they still got away. They got sent back home with a slap on the wrist. Ms. Bertalan, I believe you said that this crime happened to you on August 3, 2011. Did you have contact with George Zimmerman that day? Correct? Yes. Yes, sir. And the reason he came to your house, as he described to you was that he had heard you had been a victim, right? Yes, sir. And that wasn't the only conversation you had with this defendant about that case and you becoming a victim, right? Right. Is it correct to say that you and he talked about this approximately 20 times after that? Probably around there. And you discussed that that person lived in Retreat at Twin Lakes near the back gate, right? Yes. She tells her story of George Zimmerman trying to protect his neighbor because he thinks that young man may be back. Is this a case of mistaken identity? Who did George Zimmerman think he was following that night? And did he have ill-will and spite in his mind when he did it? Number one: If you think this is the same assailant, you've now called 911. Why not wait for the police? Why not do as they tell you? Zimmerman made multiple calls to the non-emergency line, and may have been doing this for months. If you think this is somebody dangerous, and committing home invasions, probably it's not a good idea to pursue them into the dark. Trayvon Martin was running away from Zimmerman that night. And this testimony reveals that Zimmerman may have been acting out of rage. And he winds up killing this teenage boy because of spite, because of animus. And because he's not the victim, he's the villain. That was the story that was missing in the prosecution of George Zimmerman. You should not get to get away with murder because you lost a fight that you started. We begin with the latest on the George Zimmerman trial. Closing arguments set to start today. After 12 days of testimony and more than 50 witnesses, there is a lot of summing up to do. During closing arguments, I was really hopeful. I don't know if I was being naive, or I just didn't understand the court system, but I was hopeful. It's their last opportunity really to rehabilitate the case in Trayvon's favor. We're not used to rooting for the prosecutor. The state that has locked us up, that has been responsible for all of this destruction of our communities, now we turn to you to protect us. Trayvon Martin's parents are sitting in that courtroom hoping for this place to bring them justice. They have to believe in it, because there is nothing else. A teenager is dead. He is dead through no fault of his own. He bought Skittles and some kind of watermelon, or iced tea, or whatever it's called. That was his crime. Bernie tends to see everything in black and white. He had $40.15 in his pockets. He's not comfortable with racial issues. And I think that was something he struggled with in this case. The prosecutors themselves is white people participating in a white drama, could not stand up to defend this young black boy who had fallen. If the minimum you're going for is at least to hang that jury, you gotta give that jury something to hang onto. You gotta give them a narrative. The back of his head, you recall testimony There was two. How small were they? You recall the testimony of the witness, Ms. Colgate, I think I had it-- Tell me how big it was. I think she was... It was hard to keep... Anyway, you remember. Bernie was asking questions of the jury in his closing arguments. You don't ask any questions of the jury in your closing arguments! You give them answers! Why are his hands not injured? If this 17-year-old young man is wailing on him, how come he's not defending himself? And what is the jury left with but we don't know what happened. That's a reasonable doubt! Armpits... How does he get the gun out? The truth does not lie! Then we move onto Hannity! He tells one lie after another. You said on the 911 call that he's running. Maybe I said running, but he was more... You said, "He's running." Yes, he was like skipping... Going away quickly.Mm-hmm. But he wasn't running out of fear. But what does he say? Oh, he's skipping away. La, la, la. That's what he's claiming. Confusion is doubt. Doubt is acquittal. Mr. O'Mara, whenever you're ready. Thank you. If I may sit... It's not like Mark O'Mara and his team had the best closing argument in the history of trials. You can't help but have a first impression. You might have an impression of George Zimmerman. You might have an impression of him because he's standing at the defense table. Maybe, in fact, that because the City Attorney's office decided to charge him, he has to have done something wrong. He stayed focused. Self-defense, his client was in fear of his life, and he reasonably defended himself. That's cement. And that is not an unarmed teenager with nothing but Skittles trying to get home. Had Trayvon Martin been shot in the hip, and survived, what do you think he would've been charged with? Aggravated battery? Two counts? You go back to that room, and say, "Let's talk first about self-defense." If I think George may have acted in self-defense, we are done. And the prosecution couldn't prove beyond a reasonable doubt otherwise, that's the essence of what happened. It wasn't till the final closing arguments before the prosecution included that really passionate narrative about a scared kid. The human heart. It has a great many functions. John Guy, the final voice of the prosecution, tells a beautiful sort of tale about how we owe it to the dead to serve in their memory, and to do the right thing for their families. So if we really want to know what happened, out there behind those homes, on that dark, rainy night, Should we not look into the heart of the grown man, and the heart of that child? The defendant didn't shoot Trayvon Martin because he had to. He shot him because he wanted to. This is the truth. Thank you for your time. He tried to make that case, but he didn't make it throughout the whole trial. He made it in his closing, but that was too late. I think the prosecution utterly failed. And they failed every day until the very end. Ladies and gentlemen of the jury, I thank you for your attention during this trial. At this time, if all of you will please take your notes with you and follow Deputy Jarvis back into the jury room. All right. Thank you very much, Court is in recess. After both sides did their closing arguments, we went into this conference room. I remember just getting an eerie feeling. Our attorney said that we should stay there during deliberations. I was like, "Listen, I'm leaving." If I have to catch a flight home, if I have to catch a bus home, if I have to rent a car, it doesn't matter, I'm leaving here. I prayed about it, asked God to guide me in the right direction. That direction was packing our stuff, getting on the Turnpike, heading South. I didn't fold anything up. I just brushed everything into the suitcase, and put my stuff in the vehicle. That probably was the longest, quietest three-hour ride that I've ever rode. I don't remember no one even conversating on the way back. All I saw was the Turnpike headed home. Please be seated. We're back on the record. I understand that we have a verdict. In the circuit court of the 18th Judicial Circuit in and for Seminole County, Florida, State of Florida versus George Zimmerman, verdict: We, the jury, find George Zimmerman not guilty. So say we all for a person. No! No! Oh my God! They found him not guilty? No! Thank you all very much. Court is adjourned for this case. Thank you, Judge. I'm just fortunate that I went down to Miami because if I stayed... I would've gotten arrested. I honestly don't think the bailiffs or the sheriffs that was in that room would've been able to come between me and what I was going to try to get at. Outside the Seminole County Courthouse, protestors were devastated. That's not right! That's not how this world is supposed to be! Justice for Trayvon! Justice for Trayvon! How can you murder an innocent child and sleep at night? As Zimmerman walked the halls, people yelled, "Shame." Shame! Shame! Shame! Shame! Shame! Others could only shed tears. I couldn't imagine being that family right now. I just thought we were gonna get some kind of justice. For black America, it was the cold water in the face again. Here we are. And I just started crying. I saw grown men knees buckle. They just went down to their knees. It was so much disappointment. There was no energy in them to fight. There was no energy in them to burn down nothing, because all the energy had been spent praying and hoping that this man get some time. It was a sad situation. So many people pulling for us... So many people depending on us... We didn't want the verdict to define who Trayvon Martin was. We wanted to make sure that we defined who Trayvon Martin was. Sybrina said that this isn't it. We had the eyes of every camera in the nation, and we had our voices. Nationwide protest! Nationwide protest! We had to go out there and we had to tell the world that this wasn't over. Even though the killer of our son got acquitted, we got work to do. Thousands of demonstrators taking the streets across the country. In San Francisco, 200 people on the march. Not one more! In Chicago, signs reading "We are all Trayvon." In Los Angeles, hundreds of marchers shut down an entrance to Interstate 10. In New York, a mass of demonstrators shut down Times Square. And in Oakland, protests turn violent-- flag burnings and broken windows. But at the epicenter of the case, Sanford, Florida, Sunday morning sermons requesting understanding. Violence doesn't solve anything. We had to fight for not only my son, but everybody's son. Reaction to the verdict dominating social media. In the hours after the verdict, nearly 4 1/2 million tweets were unleashed. The whole movement of young people becoming active started with that not guilty verdict and Black Lives Matter. Patrisse Cullors, Opal Tometi, Alicia Garza-- young black actors were ready to go. I looked into Alicia Garza's post. I was like, "What's Alicia writing?" I took it out and I was like, "Let's put a hashtag on that." We wanted to call attention to the fact that this would not have happened if he was not a black teenager. We weren't just going to go protest in black communities. We were going to protest in Beverly Hills. It goes to the heart of whiteness. Our slogan right now is "Black lives matter." So I see these folks with these "black lives matter" signs, and I'm like, "Whoa, I think we're on to something." Civil rights organizations plan to hold 100 rallies at federal buildings across the country this Saturday. Those protestors in Tallahassee at the governor's office continuing their sit-in. People who I had never seen at a protest or a rally were asking, "When's the next one? What are we going to do next?" These demands for justice showing no signs of stopping. Trayvon Martin, Trayvon Martin. His initial introduction is meek, mild, humble. That charade wears off. Oh, yeah. George referred to black people-- it's not "black people." It's "monkeys." That's not appropriate right now. Drop it. - Say to me what? These witnesses were scared to death of this guy. That guy's gonna come kill my whole family. He's a scary person. He should not be on the streets holding a gun. Surf the internet with browser of future osdb.link/brave 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 