Rest in Power: The Trayvon Martin Story: Season 1, Episode 6 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Rest in Power: The Trayvon Martin Story 
 s1e6 - Et Tu, America? - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Rest in Power: The Trayvon Martin Story (2018–…): Season 1, Episode 6 - Et Tu, America? - full transcript 
 Zimmerman's acquittal sparks the Black Lives Matter movement and a white lash that helps elect Donald Trump. Thedebate about gun control rages as Zimmerman walks the street with a loaded gun. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 I don't know who George Zimmerman was before, but now he's a scary person. I need to leave. Somebody needs to get here quick. I'm really scared. Black lives matter! Trayvon's death became the Black Lives Matter movement. Black lives should have mattered throughout history, but they have not mattered. We're gonna speak up and say our lives matter. Stop killing us. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 It's begging the country to heal. But this was just the beginning. Another Florida teenager shot to death. Then Eric Garner happens. Michael Brown in Ferguson happens. Chaos on the streets of Missouri. Sometimes people get sick and tired. And this is one of those times. It was an uprising. It felt like we were on the precipice of revolution. We cannot ignore the realities of the current state of America. I think celebrities, we have to use our platform. Colin Kaepernick criticized by fans 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 and on social media. Black Lives Matter activated some very angry white racists. Get that son of a bitch off the field. We're talking about the ethnic cleansing of America. 21-year-old Dylann Roof opened fire, killing nine church-goers. We have to be bigger-- Better-- And stronger than ever before, and we will make America great again. Right after the verdict, I felt probably the biggest letdown. Shakespeare wrote, "Et tu, Brute?" But I had posted a tweet saying, "Et tu, America?" Because I trusted that the system was going to work. And it didn't. I understand that people have opinions about whether stand-your- ground had an effect of the case of Trayvon. News flash: stand-your-ground law didn't apply. That wasn't even a factor in this case. Those are opinions. The reality is that stand-your-ground played a significant decisive role. When the law changed at the behest of Marion Hammer and the NRA, that changed the substantive law of self-defense in Florida. A person doesn't have to assert stand-your-ground to benefit from it because it changed expressly the jury instructions. The jury in George Zimmerman's trial was instructed about stand-your-ground. The last set of instructions it received before it deliberated was that George Zimmerman had a right to stand his ground. And that was one of the last things the jury heard. After that verdict came out in July, one of the jurors went on CNN and told Anderson Cooper that they did not convict George Zimmerman because of, quote, stand-your-ground. He had a right to defend himself because of the heat of the moment and the stand-your-ground. In essence, the NRA had its thumb on the scale of justice in that jury booth. After George Zimmerman was acquitted, Angela Corey gave a very strange press conference. There's so many people to thank starting with Sheriff Eslinger and his entire Sheriff's office-- She was thanking people. It was just very unusual. And then she gave that interview a day or two later to Headline News, and she didn't come off well. One word to describe the verdict. Our system. Disappointing. George Zimmerman. Murderer. Lucky. That angered a lot of defense lawyers, including Zimmerman's own lawyers who felt that was out of bounds. Prosecutors charged him with a crime they could never, ever prove. Uh, sometimes I can be a little more blunt. I think the prosecution of George Zimmerman was disgraceful. He didn't know why he was turned into this monster, but quite honestly you guys had a lot to do with it. You just did, 'cause you took a story that was fed to you and you ran with it and you ran right over him. Do you think this verdict will hurt race relations? This verdict still has nothing to do with civil rights. Civil rights needs to be talked about but not in the context of the George Zimmerman verdict. Thank you. Thanks. Today, protestors across the country took to the streets, rallying against what they believe is a grave injustice. I think it's important to recognize that the African-American community is looking at this issue through a set of experiences and a history that doesn't go away. When Trayvon Martin was first shot, uh, I said that this could have been my son. Uh, another way of saying that is Trayvon Martin could have been me, uh, 35 years ago. There are very few African-American men in this country who haven't had the experience of being followed when they were shopping in the department store. That includes me. I think it was important for our country to hear the nation's President identify with someone who was killed by a vigilante. And we looked at Barack Obama-- first black President-- and we all just knew there were always going to be more Trayvon Martins than there were Barack Obamas. After Trayvon Martin was killed, you basically are seeing a community at their breaking point. This was a time when we had to create justice for ourselves. And I think that's what movements do. Trayvon Martin! Trayvon Martin! How does it not just become another protest? How do we make this thing big? We needed a sustained movement. We wanted to harness that energy. Black Lives Matter was the demand that the world affirm our dignity. We started to circulate it on social media. I bought the domain name, went to Twitter and Facebook and launched the page. It was this rallying call that everyone could get behind that very clearly and plainly stated that black lives indeed matter. Black lives matter! Black lives matter! They may not matter to George Zimmerman. But they matter to us. When he was acquitted, he just jumped in his car and took off. He was just gone. I worked 30 years for the sheriff. I'm very familiar with the area and how to find people. I began searching for Mr. Zimmerman. Since the Trayvon incident, uh, George has been involved in a number of situations where police were called. 911, do you need police, fire, or medical? Hands up! Keep coming! George was living with a girlfriend. They'd get into an argument. George points a shotgun at her, breaks some of her furniture. Okay, all right, step out this way for me. You need help? - I have a bad back, so-- Need a little help? - No, no, I think I'm good. Another girlfriend, Brittany Brunelle, was leaving George's residence. A police officer pulls her over. They ask her for a statement, and she says, "Hell no." She says, "I'm not crazy. "That guy's gonna come kill my whole family if I give you a statement." Sadly after Trayvon Martin was killed, many others have come after. Eric Garner is originally confronted for allegedly selling loose cigarettes. Watch your back, sir. Please, don't touch me. Don't touch me. Hold up, hold up, hold up. Don't touch me, please. Hang on. Don't touch me. Damn, man. Give us your hands, buddy. Put your hand behind your back. The city medical examiner ruled today that the death is a homicide caused by a police chokehold. The chokehold is outlawed in New York City, but who cares about those little policy procedures if we can keep the status quo? The police union says Daniel Pantaleo did nothing wrong. He's the model of what we want a police officer to be. Eric Garner is killed, and no one gets held accountable. Right to that explosive grand jury decision-- no indictment for New York City police officer in the death of Eric Garner from a chokehold. Lack of accountability is the driving force for us getting into the streets. Hundreds of protesters shut down major highways across the country. I can't breathe! I can't breathe! I remember when we protested Eric Garner. And I get a call--Michael Brown in Ferguson happened. An unarmed African-American teenager was shot and killed by police in the St. Louis suburb of Ferguson, Missouri. Two teenage boys walking in the middle of the day, broad daylight, and the first thing the police officer says to them is, "Get the **** out the street or there's gonna be trouble." He's running this way, he turns his body towards this way. Hands in the air, being compliant. He gets shot in his face and chest and goes down and dies. This happens again and again. And it's swept under the rug again and again. Not this time. After Trayvon Martin, I'm starting to represent a lot of young black victims to try to establish a legacy that their lives mattered. Sometimes people get sick and tired and they wanna do something about things, and they wanna try to make a change and try to make a difference. And so this is one of those times. Everyone reaches a breaking point. And in Ferguson... they had reached theirs. Tanks, snipers, tear gas. These police looked like an army. The people were, like, going to war. I remember going out with the gas mask on. Stay down. They're shooting real rounds. This was a cauldron of violence. They were unleashing militaristic terror on civilian communities. The Grand Jury deliberated over two days. They determined that no probable cause exists to file any charge against Officer Wilson. Mayhem on the streets of Ferguson. The National Guard is on alert. The people that rioted in Ferguson were the kids that had had enough. This was a community ready to fight back in a very real way. There was a line from Trayvon to the uprising in Ferguson. That sense of outrage continued to grow. They gonna keep killing us, man. They gonna keep killing us. It ain't gonna never stop, man. Breaking news from Cleveland tonight-- 12-year-old Tamir Rice has died from a gunshot wound. The 12-year-old was at a recreation center playing with his airsoft gun when he was shot and killed by a police officer. The Cleveland Police Department shot that baby and watched him die in the snow. The family has many, many questions that need to be answered. Outrage over this incident stems from one underlying worry that in the eyes of the judicial system, black lives don't matter. Hands up, don't shoot! These are the things that are happening to us every day. Philando Castille's girlfriend can't control what's happening. But what she can do is make sure that the world is watching. I just need the world to watch. I have control over this medium, even though I don't have control over my real life right now. Murderer! It's okay. I'm right here with you. Mmm. And we all believed that if we had video, then that would all change because they'll see it with their own eyes and they'll do something about it. Boy, were we naive. Boy, were we naive. Freddie Gray case, Terence Crutcher, Sandra Bland. Alton Sterling doesn't even get a trial. They saw the video. They said, "Oh, that's horrible." And they went back to eating their dinner. We cannot ignore the realities of the current state of America. Trayvon Martin. Michael Brown. Tamir Rice. Eric Garner. It's time to look in the mirror and ask ourselves, what are we doing to create change? As an athlete, we have the loudest voices. Our message to our fellow athletes was, "What are we gonna do?" It's time for us to do something about it. Colin sacrificed himself for what he believed in. Colin Kaepernick has been blasted by fans and on social media, claiming he's disgracing the flag and the military. You know, this country stands for freedom, liberty, justice for all. And it's not happening for all right now. This is not new, but what is new is more awareness. And this new awareness challenges white people. It's very difficult for white people to talk about racism because we have been brainwashed to be racist. And we don't want to accept that. And we think we're not racist. Whites in America can feel so tired of hearing about this. And the question is, if you're that tired of hearing about it, how tired do you think you'd be of living with it? So many white people are questioning this country in a way that they hadn't had to. But on the other hand, Black Lives Matter challenges white people's bubbles. You know, my daughter was watching that one night. She's 12 years old. She said, "Mommy, does that mean my life doesn't matter?" I mean, it's crazy. There is this real fear. I can say I believe in world peace. And I can get 1,000 trolls saying, "You are part of a terrorist organization." I just said I believe in world peace. So it doesn't actually matter what I say. It's what I look like. This is a movement that, uh, promotes the execution of police officers. On the one hand, it's laughable. On the other hand, it's frightening because people actually believe it. It really becomes a political sticking point. Black lives matter. White lives matter. All lives matter. Why do black lives matter and not all lives matter? Why can't it also be about me? Not all lives is getting choked out for selling a pack of cigarettes on the street. Not all lives matter that you're 12 years old and you're on the playground with a toy gun and you get shot. We're actually demanding that all lives matter by asserting that black lives must matter. I was watching the head of Black Lives Matter being interviewed the other night, and I said to myself, "Give me a break." All lives matter. You have white people who are offended by the idea of people saying black lives matter. Whites are afraid to confront their own whiteness, because if they're gonna do that, then they have to admit that they're oppressors. So then some of those white people say white lives matter. White Lives Matter engendered this backlash among white people. It's the idea that black folks should never assert their rights. How dare they? And Black Lives Matter activated some very angry white racists. Breaking news out of Charleston, South Carolina, tonight, where there was a tragic shooting inside of a church. Nine people have been killed. 21-year-old Dylann Roof has been caught. And when he typed in information about Trayvon, he landed on the Council of Conservative Citizens website that said that black people were slaughtering white people in the streets and something had to be done. These are all basically lies about the black community. Donald Trump went down that escalator and announced he was running for President one day before Dylann Roof's shooting rampage happened. And those same white supremacists that trained up Dylann Roof served as a pretty large support base for Donald Trump. Trump during the campaign tweeted out fake black-on-white hate-crime statistics-- the same propaganda that motivated Dylann Roof. I am officially running... For President of the United States. The American Dream is dead. You know, since the verdict was read, there's this black cloud that looms over Sanford Police Department. We've lost officers because they couldn't keep up with the stressors of the job. Either they left, or they're dead. I've had three strokes, which led to my retirement. I suffered a heart attack. I decided to resign. I left the department about two years ago in July of 2015. I remember somebody called me and said, "Hey, I've been speaking to Serino." He's like, "Man, I'm telling you, he's bad." After the Trayvon Martin case, Chris was just different. I heard that he was having back surgery. That's the one I always hear people taking hard-core opiates for. The conditions were perfect to pick up an addiction. Word trickled out that we were responding to his residence. Just tough. And that was on the day he died. This case killed Chris Serino. There's no doubt about it. The Trayvon Martin case had local backlash. But what I thought was interesting was that there was also a political backlash in the 2016 presidential election which we didn't foresee. Florida's the largest swing state in the country. But we're the crazy person at the party. In Florida, Trayvon Martin's case inalterably changed our politics. These very kind of raw racial issues came to the fore, and that didn't benefit the Democratic party apparently as much as it did Donald Trump. I want to turn right now, though, to the Trump campaign. He is in Sanford, Florida. That is where Donald Trump is gonna take the stage any moment... In Florida, the white turnout for Trump in certain counties was unexpectedly large. You watch. You watch. We didn't expect him to run up the score the way he did. But in hindsight, it might not surprise us so much that he did. You know, Donald Trump isn't part of the establishment in this country. I think that he's willing to stand up and say something to get a conversation started about what's actually happening in this country. Florida Gun Supply is being sued after the owner declared his store was a Muslim-free zone. And somebody came to the back room and said, "Andy, George Zimmerman is on the phone." And I said, "No way." And I was honored that I would receive a phone call, uh, from George Zimmerman. His initial introduction is that of meek, mild, humble, quiet. The more you meet with him, the more that charade wears off. He said, "Andy, I was just doing this painting. The Confederate Flag." He said, "What I wanna do is I wanna sell a limited number "of these prints all signed by me and we will give a lot of the money to charity, and we'll split the rest." He's doing all this good stuff and we're gonna donate some money to charity. I'm in. I completely understand that people think the Confederate flag to be a racist symbol, but the vast majority of people believe that it's a symbol of heritage. It's a symbol of our history that people think is associated with the South and the South was fighting for slavery. That's a common misconception about what actually took place. When you study the history, that was one thing that the war was about. People don't go to war for one issue. Uh, I mean, I'm not a historian. I--I mean, you're putting me on the spot for something I-- You know... Um--Um--The Confederate-- The, um... In general, the war was about tyranny. Tyranny is any time a government overreaches and they control a life too much. What if we went back to the guy who made the Confederate flag, William Thompson? What he said is, "The flag is a representative "of the superiority of the white race over the inferior colored race." When you say, "No, it wasn't about slavery. It was about states' rights," that's true. But the states' rights that they were defending were the rights to own people. When you're sitting in conversation with George and you refer to black people, it's not black people or the African-Americans or, you know, a different community. It's monkeys. And he literally says those words. "Oh, they're monkeys. Oh, another monkey." And one of the big party tricks that George would do is he would always have a few bags of Skittles in his pocket so that when somebody mentioned something, you know, like, "Hey, good job," George's response would be take a bag of Skittles, sign it, and hand it out. George Zimmerman goes on to sort of exploit it and turn this killing into a perverse kind of fame. He winds up auctioning off the gun that killed Trayvon Martin. And despite a torrent of criticism and one website removing his auction, NBC's Gabe Gutierrez reports Zimmerman is not backing down. It's, I think, uncomfortable to most people that George is autographing guns, autographing bags of Skittles. He makes racial statements to people. I've heard 'em. They're recorded. The bar owner says--tells the cops, "Look, he comes in here all the time. "He's always got a gun on, always stirs up stuff. I just want him gone." According to another event, a scuffle ensues, the police come. They stop this guy down the road. Right now we rely on a lot of politicians to change laws, and sometimes you have to be a part of those changes. Do you affirm the testimony you're about to give before the committee will be the truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the truth, so help you God? I do. Thank you. I remember going and speaking in Congress about stand-your-ground. Our first witness is Sybrina Fulton. Ms. Fulton is the mother of Trayvon Martin. I just wanted to let you know how important it is that we amend this stand-your-ground. None of us in this hearing room were there that night. We also know that stand-your-ground was not a defense that Mr. Zimmerman raised. It wasn't like they were really ever gonna consider anything. Because of the Republican Congress funded by the NRA, these stand-your-ground laws were not repealed. Of course I was very disappointed, but I realized that you can't give up. You gotta continue this fight. We had our time to grieve, but it was time for us to help somebody else. And so we started establishing programs. Even though I was hurting, myself, on the inside, I felt obligated to help other mothers. The primary mission of the Circle of Mothers was to heal mothers, was to help mothers, to bring mothers in the same room so we can connect together, so we can bond together. Tracy handled the fathers, 'cause I think that's his specialty. We're here for the community. The community has been here for us. Thank you all. Enjoy the rest of the evening. We gonna continue to be the voice for the voiceless. Eventually, we were invited by President Obama to the White House. It was an honor to meet the first black president. They were just bigger than life. The initiative, My Brother's Keeper, came about because of Trayvon Martin. In January of 2016, Hillary contacted me to find out if I would work with her campaign. That's where the mothers of the movement came about. We might be the seven that are sitting here, but it's so much bigger than us. It's something that has been placed inside us that says you can't help your son or daughters, but you certainly can help other children. It felt natural, and we campaigned for her up until the election and actually we were there on Election Day in New York at the Convention Center. We were just so excited. Once some of the results started coming in, it was very quiet. It was very sad. We didn't say anything. When we thought that we had came so much further, we had not. Hail Trump, hail our people, hail victory! We have a long way to go. My name is Sybrina Fulton. My son who's in Heaven was Trayvon Martin. The Women's March was awesome. It was refreshing to see so many women standing up for the same cause. It was an honor to speak. We will continue to stand tall. Women's rights are human rights. Thank you. Donald Trump has divided this country so much. We're more divided than we have ever been. A lot of people didn't even know that that much hatred-- that much racism--was still going on in this country. So maybe it opened some people's eyes. Donald Trump represents what we saw in action in the Trayvon Martin case. It's just that he's bringing it out of the closet and putting it right in the fresh air where everybody can take a look at it. There was a recent "Washington Post" ABC News poll that said that 9% of people thought it was okay to have white supremacist or Neo-Nazi beliefs. If you expand that out to the U.S. population, that's 30 million people. Black lives matter! Black lives matter! Black lives matter! Black lives matter! Sir, can I ask you which group you're with? America! Shoot! About half of the organizations that were at the Charlottesville protests... Were groups that were new from the Trump era. And that's sort of astounding. Daily Stormer went from one chapter to 30 chapters during Trump's run. Groups like Identity Evropa, Vanguard America-- these organizations, they did not exist until Donald Trump ran for office. And many of them are the millennial types that earned their stripes in the period when Trayvon Martin's shooting happened. When did you get into, as you said, the racial stuff? When the Trayvon Martin case happened, every single case it's some little black asshole behaving like a savage and he gets himself in trouble, shockingly enough. We're talking about the ethnic cleansing of America. At some point, we will have enough power that we will clear them from the streets forever. That which is degenerate in white countries will be removed. Oh, my God! Medic! And now we got bodies to the ground. After researching George for a couple months, I was alerted by the producer of the show that George was sending threats to him via his text and his emails. And then George started sending them to him about me and my family, saying that, uh, he's gonna slam my face into a wall and he's coming to my house. You might wanna let Mrs. Warren know. And then two or three days later, I started getting them via text, via email, and via my voice mail. The voice mails that he leaves are interesting. They're cryptic. He doesn't talk on them specifically. There's several where you hear-- it's like a xylophone being played. And it's slow at first, then it starts going faster and faster and faster and faster and faster and faster, and then it--call cuts off. Tonight George Zimmerman is back in the news, now charged with stalking. Zimmerman made alleged threats to Dennis Warren, a former member of Florida law enforcement, saying, "I know how to handle people who F with me. I have since February of 2012." Zimmerman is accused of harassing a private investigator who was helping the producer of a Trayvon Martin documentary. He also allegedly threatened to feed the investigator to an alligator. Today in court, Warren asked Judge Jerri Collins for a restraining order against Zimmerman. All right? - Thank you, Your Honor. Thank you. Who knows what he'll do next? This man is a scary man to be walking around drinking, carrying a gun on his side, and wearing a bulletproof vest. And, uh, that's just common sense. It's gotta be scary to live in Florida. Just look at Parkland. To every politician who is taking donations from the NRA, shame on you. Those kids have really articulated the core moral issues. I will vote! I will vote! It's tremendous seeing some hope and some resistance to the NRA. But even with this change, no one yet is going to undo these stand-your-ground laws. You have a right to vote, and you can't just wait until there's a big election to get involved. You have to get involved in local elections. You have to get involved in state elections. Because the NRA's power's totally unchecked. And the deck is just repeatedly stacked in favor of gun owners like George Zimmerman and not an innocent black teenager like Trayvon Martin. When you have a network that's primary role is to rally for the dead, to rally for the grieving, and to know that it's not gonna end anytime soon, it's pretty tragic. Protestors flooded the streets following the death of Stephon Clark. I continue to fight all across America to expose the legalized genocide of colored people. The solution is not gonna happen in the courts. The solution is gonna happen in society. Trayvon serves as a beacon-- a light to all the people out here so you guys'll never have to go through the pain and the hurt that these guys went through. You can't prepare yourself for the loss of a child. It's been six years, but I smile every day because I know God got him. I know God got him. This is about us fighting for your children. This is about you fighting for your children. 'Cause I can stand before you today and I can take off a lot of things. I can take off my earrings. My pants. My shoes. My shirt. But I cannot remove the color of my skin. The people are going to unite, because we're all humans and we have to live in this world together. Every single day there's young black people that we pass on the street and we don't wonder about them. Sometimes we don't even see them. They are invisible to us until someone kills them. Then suddenly we are all invested in them. We all want justice for them. And the question is, do we want justice for them while they're living? Every day I carry a little piece of my son with me. How people can just take a life and just don't care about how many people it affects and about who he was... I believe in God. I believe in the Bible. But I haven't found it in my heart to even think about forgiving. If I have to go to my grave being an imperfect soul, I think I'll go to my grave being an imperfect soul. and we got the underhand? Surf the internet with browser of future osdb.link/brave 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 