Rest in Power: The Trayvon Martin Story: Season 1, Episode 2 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Rest in Power: The Trayvon Martin Story 
 s1e2 - The Elephant in the Room - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Rest in Power: The Trayvon Martin Story (2018–…): Season 1, Episode 2 - The Elephant in the Room - full transcript 
 Trayvon Martin is the top story in America exposing racial injustice. President Obama's remarks create a political divide and Martin's parents endure attacks on their son's character as they continue to fight for an arrest. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Rescue 38. Law enforcement advised, can approach. For the first time in history, you had a black boy on the covers of every major magazine in America. I always wanted Trayvon to be famous, but not in this manner. At a point you ask yourself, "How can I get out of this news story?" But there's no getting out of the news story. ...Twist in a story that went from a local case 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 to the most widely reported issue in America. Trayvon Martin! Trayvon Martin! More than 2 million people from around the world demanding George Zimmerman be arrested. What do we want? - Justice! Trayvon Martin marked a moment in history. Justice. People felt impelled to act. Marchers from across the state took buses to participate. So many people remember that moment, and saying, "That was when I got out in the street. That's when I knew something had to change." This then explodes 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 into a social media revolution, and then everybody knew who Trayvon Martin was. You know, if I had a son, he'd look like Trayvon. That just immediately polarized the country. He said, "If I had a son, he'd look like that." The teenager was suspended from school for drug activity. He was violent and highly sexualized. You need to make Trayvon a villain. You need to make him into a nigger. Clearly, we are not living in post-racial America. Tension on the rise in this small town. One official called the city a "tinderbox." It's a perfect microcosm for what has split us as a country. Why are we going through so much pain, when all we want is justice for our son. There is breaking news coming out of Florida... Newly released 911 calls are raising questions about what is a watchman and what is a vigilante? Outrage over the teen's death now starting to spread nationwide. It's been over three weeks without an arrest, and his parents still want to know why. At this point, you got a massive hurricane heading at you. I just remember coming into work, shaking the mouse, getting the computer to wake up, and it woke up, all right. And I had hundreds, if not thousands of emails that are coming into us. The black community was expecting for this young man to be arrested. You got a black kid who was killed. And nobody in the black community trusted the Sanford Police Department. Relations between the Sanford police and its black community were strained well before Martin's shooting. In 2010, this black homeless man was knocked unconscious as he tried to stop a fight. His white attacker, the son of a Sanford police lieutenant, wasn't charged until three weeks of public outcry. There's so much about Sanford, Florida, that's emblematic of sort of the race problems in America. There's an old part of town, literally on the other side of the tracks, Goldsboro. Along this road, was a thriving community. An all-black township. We produced lawyers, doctors, right out of Goldsboro. But then, the historic black town was forcibly taken over by Sanford, a white town right next door. Back in the days of segregation, the Klan used to march up to that line. And the black men of Goldsboro used to have to come out with their shotguns and dare them to come across the line. It's a town with a really fraught racial history. We were colored. We were negroes. Most time, we were niggers in Sanford. Jackie Robinson had come here to play in the stadium, and whites in Sanford did not want a black man playing with the white men. The chief was called over by the Ku Klux Klan to come in the field. Police chief went out on the baseball field and told Jackie Robinson a nigger would not hit a ball in the city of Sanford. Fast-forward to today, you see black people thrown up against the side of police cars. You see black people sitting on the ground with their arms crossed behind their backs. There are constant arrests. There's a culture of prejudice and bigotry. But that good old boy network, where one hand watches the other, one hand look out for the other, that was definitely involved here in Sanford. There were claims that the Sanford Police Department was protecting George Zimmerman. There's no way we'd be protecting George Zimmerman. And so do I. And this new video shows Zimmerman walking unescorted at the police station. The recording raises new questions about whether Zimmerman received preferential treatment. Not--I'm not gonna talk about all the facts and circumstances. I see something was not right. The case started stinking. The police-community relationship was at an all-time low, and the Trayvon Martin case put it out in the open. Stayed in his car. He could've stayed in his car. Then there's not a shooting. It would've never occurred. That's what we're trying to tell you. We were overcome with emotion and fear and anger. I called Chief Billy Lee. He says, "Well, what do you want me to do?" I said, "We want you to arrest him. That's what we want you to do." There was pressure applied. You know, all we wanted was an arrest. And I explained to them, well, you--you just can't do that. You have to understand the process. The chief said he was standing his ground. As members of the NRA, we stand our ground. The NRA used its influence, money, and lobbying muscle to get the stand-your-ground law passed in Florida and over a dozen other states as well. The law changed the actual definition of self-defense. Stand-your-ground, it seemed to protect people who killed. Stand-your-ground makes cops and prosecutors potentially liable for charging people who assert self-defense. If we improperly prosecute somebody when they're claiming self-defense, we could be liable for that. The Sanford Police have in the back of their mind, if I don't do this right, I could be sued personally. Chris Serino was a hard-nosed, old school detective. He was trying to discredit George Zimmerman's testimony. Okay, why suspicious? Detective Serino could've said, "George, stand up, turn around, "put your hands behind your back. You're under arrest." And the only thing that could've prevented him from going out and arresting George Zimmerman, if he believed he had probable cause, would be a fear of civil liability under the stand-your-ground law, or if he had instructions from someone above him, like the State Attorney's Office saying, "You're not to make an arrest without my prior approval." The State Attorney kept saying, you know, "Not enough, not enough." You know, "We don't have anything here." But you've got the pressure from the media, pressure from the community, pressure from the city commission. I'm not sure where the breaking point was, but it--it certainly happened. We recommended that Mr. Zimmerman be charged with manslaughter. And we sent it to the State Attorney. So the city's kind of washed their hands. "Look, the police department did something." They chose to file this capias, asking the state attorney to put a warrant out for Zimmerman. You know, the pressure's building. Let's send it to the State Attorney's Office and let's let them clear it. Kind of a hot potato. That's when you sense the real divide. The next day, we had a task force meeting. The State Attorney looks at me, he does like this, he just starts poking that hole, saying, "You f#ked us with a red hot poker." They didn't want any part of it. They're like, "Don't send that to us." State Attorney decided that no charges would be brought. There would not be an arrest. There you go, there you go, there you go. I was back at home, and my mind was just racing. You know, a black teen shot, killed. It gets considered as a justifiable homicide. I couldn't get an answer, and so I decided to start investigating by myself. All I kept thinking about was his cell phone, his cell phone, his cell phone. Well, he just went to the computer and he pulled it up. That's when we first found out that Trayvon was on the phone when all of this happened. I called the number on a phone bill. Trayvon's friend Rachel answered the phone, "According to the phone records, you were the last person that he talked to." She was just quiet. She couldn't tell me nothing. I didn't wanna be in this. For God's sake, this is a murder case. Sybrina pleaded with her. "Please, at least talk to our lawyer." I'm trying to figure out this in my head, 'cause I'm still in shock of what happened. Trayvon called me. He was heading to the 7-11. He was like, "Oh, I left the store. I'm walking back to the house." Suddenly, Trayvon tell me there's some guy watching him. I was like, "Trayvon, you better be paranoid, you better be conscious." Trayvon said, "Oh, shit." The dude is following him with the car. I was like, "You better run." Shit, he's running. Trayvon said, "I lost him." Then he's behind him again. Tray said, "Why are you following me?" George Zimmerman's saying, "What're you doing around here?" Then bam, the phone went off. Attorney Benjamin Crump holding an emergency press conference today. He says a new witness proves that Trayvon Martin was not the aggressor. He had no idea who this man was who was following him. And so he starts to run, and Zimmerman gets out of his car and pursues him. Crump pulled out a tape of the witness for reporters. This young lady connects the dots. She blows Zimmerman's absurd self-defense claim out of the water. Trayvon Martin's parents say enough is enough. We're asking for justice, justice, justice. Attorney Benjamin Crump says he has explosive new evidence. A new witness says she was on the phone with Trayvon Martin as he was stalked by George Zimmerman. He said this man was watching him. In his first statement to police, Zimmerman claimed he was ambushed and attacked. He jumped out from the bushes. Why he would be on the phone if he was gonna attack somebody? That don't make no sense. But she says Martin was running from the point of conflict, that Zimmerman was the aggressor and chased him down. Everyone thought, surely, George Zimmerman would be arrested. And at the end of the day, they still won't arrest the killer of Trayvon Benjamin Martin. The stand-your-ground law became more important to Norm Wolfinger than justice for Trayvon Martin. Stand-your-ground loomed over this entire situation. Prosecutors needed to consider it in determining what to charge him with, if anything. The prosecutor in Sanford decided there was no crime, because they read the stand-your-ground doctrine to say that George Zimmerman was standing his ground when he killed Trayvon Martin. And therefore, proactively, were gonna not arrest him, and not charge him with a crime. I get a call from Pam Bondi, who is the attorney general for the state of Florida. Hi, I'm so very, very sorry. As attorney general, I have absolutely no legal authority to take the case, and I looked, I tried, What is the strategy now? We gotta continue to expose them. And so, we went to New York. We called in every favor possible. 7:00 a.m., "Today" show. 8:00, "Good Morning, America." 9:00, Anderson Cooper. You gotta get over to "The View" by 11:00. You gotta get "Dateline." That's the hope. And, oh, by the way, Reverend Al is taping an hour live at 6:00 p.m. How have you been handling this? I read you made the statement that it's hard to sleep and eat. I'm just consumed with the fact that this guy has not been arrested, who murdered my son. Across the country, people wonder how this tragedy could've happened. All of us who had been 17-year-old black boys, knew 17-year-old black boys in our lives, looked at those pictures of Trayvon Martin and something snapped. This is the type of shit that happens every day in the U.S., but it was something about this no one could turn away from. This is the generation, especially for black people who are growing up during the War on Drugs, were growing up in neighborhoods that are over-policed, with Trayvon Martin's murder, he becomes a rallying call for us. It's not as if we hadn't seen the deaths of young black people, that we weren't paying attention to injustice, but in 2012, there was this emergence of social media, whereby we could connect with one another. Facebook was a big part of that. You realized that you're not alone. And also, you realized you got a lot to learn. It became particularly uncool to not talk about what was going on in the world. We felt it collectively. I remember seeing on social media saying, "If you're not talking about Trayvon Martin, "I don't want you on my wall. I don't want you on my Twitter feed." It was the first time I started hearing white people say, "Oh man, I think I need to check my own racism." So many of us had seen Sybrina and Tracy on television and felt bad. But as white people, this would never have happened to us, and it has never happened to us. Put my hand out for a taxi, a taxi picks me up. I walk into a restaurant, they've never asked me to pay for my bill before I eat. When I walk down the street, nobody grabs their purse in fear of me. I'm talking directly to my white friends, my white colleagues, and my white family. We have to speak up, and we have to be a part of this conversation to push this country forward. Uh, it boggles my mind that people think that white people shouldn't care about this. Kevin Cunningham, he was at Howard for the arrest of George Zimmerman. That petition was like the first call for national protests. At last check, there was 20,000 plus signatures. More than 100,000. 200,000 people signed an online petition. That is the fastest-growing Internet petition in the history of the Internet. A single petition calling for his arrest has 400,000 signatures. This petition was huge. It made a lot of us wanna get out to the streets ourselves. I encourage everyone to wear a hoodie to work, to school. Whatever you're doing, uh, wear a hoodie. Trayvon's hoodie became a symbol and helped create a sense of community and the sense of a community in struggle. We're gonna march to show our solidarity with Trayvon Martin's family. And if you're in New York, please join us in Union Square at 6:00. We were expecting to see a few hundred people. The closer we got, we were starting to see traffic being detoured. It was a sea of people out there. We are Trayvon. We are Trayvon. We are Trayvon. All you can hear is cries for justice. We are... - Trayvon! I was nervous, because I just hadn't been in a setting like that. There, right here. Rally underway in New York's Union Square Park. This is where the Occupy Wall Street movement has been making its base. Occupy Wall Street was there with local organizers. There was convergence of on the ground activism. We've got the right to march right down the middle of the street. You can see thousands upon thousands of people on 14th Street, and all eyes are on the parents of Trayvon Martin. I said, "I don't know if I could do this." You started seeing people there saying, "Man, I just wanna shake your hand." And, "Man, thank you guys for speaking up." Once we started hearing that, the nervousness started to leave. And I just want New York to know that we're not gonna stop until we get justice for Trayvon. Sybrina comes and she steps beside me, and I'm holding the mic to her mouth. Our son was not committing any crime. No.Our son is your son. Yes. I want you guys to stand up for justice and stand up for what's right. This is not about a black and white thing. This is about a right and wrong thing. Justice for Trayvon. Crowd goes crazy. It took my son being shot down to make me stand up. For me, who really wasn't paying attention to the things that was going on with this country, it definitely woke me up. It made me pay attention. It made me wanna fight. Justice! Marchers now taking it 30 blocks uptown, to Times Square. Mic check. - Mic check. I don't know about you. - I don't know about you. But I'm motherf#king angry. But I'm motherf#king angry. So many people remember that moment and saying, "That was when I got out in the street. That's when I knew something had to change." How long are they gonna say that this was justifiable, that George Zimmerman had a right to kill him? How long were they gonna lie to us? I am Trayvon Martin... When it first happened, we didn't know how widespread it was. It's a feeling that you really can't explain, but I can say that I'm proud that we spoke up. And now we have people galvanizing and a new civil rights movement being formed behind Trayvon's death. After the rally down at Union Square, I called a few of my friends in Florida, and I said, "I need the churches. I need the student groups." 'Cause I understood that it would only be a one- or two-day story if you couldn't show thousands of people say that this is outrageous. I was getting this early flight to go down to Sanford. On my way to the airport, my sister says my mother died the night before. When I landed, my cell phone rang. The president was calling me to give me condolences. He said, "I hear some noise in the background. Where are you?" I said, "I'm in Sanford, Florida. About this Trayvon Martin case." He said, "Really?" I said, "Yeah, well, I'm doing what mother would've wanted." We're going to show the authorities this is not going away. Y'all don't know what's on his way here. You're gonna have to answer for what happened to Trayvon Martin. The president of the NAACP, Ben Jealous, arrived in Sanford today, and is calling for the police chief to resign. Any chief who would allow his police officers to so mishandle a situation like this has to go. No more. - No more. Protestors joining the call for the removal of Chief Bill Lee. I like Bill Lee, but I think that a lot of times you have sacrificial lambs. Now Sanford city commissioners are calling for Lee to step down. I have come to the decision that I must temporarily remove myself from the position as police chief for the city of Sanford. Chief Lee, may I ask you a question, please? What would you have done differently now, in retrospect? What would you have done differently? Just hours after Bill Lee's resignation, protestors have gathered in Fort Mellon Park to demand Zimmerman's arrest. People rushed to Sanford. People made the trip from all over the country. This was unlike anything that I had witnessed in my lifetime. We must not allow... Thousands gathered here chanting, "Chief is gone. Zimmerman is next." You had at least 30,000 people there from all over the state. That was the biggest ever seen in an open area in the entire state of Florida. Enough is enough. We are tired of going to jail for nothing, and others going home for something. Arrest Zimmerman now! The beauty of that moment was the non-violence, was blacks and whites together, was generations together. It showed the protest movement at its best. If Trayvon would've been alive, Trayvon would've been at this rally. And I pledge I will not let my son die in vain. We get a call. "Governor Rick Scott wants to meet with you and your clients." And I'm saying, "The governor is here in Sanford?" I'm like, "Okay." Well, Rick Scott is a fascinating character. He was a rags to riches multi-millionaire. He had built the largest hospital company in America. Uh, he had to resign from the hospital company because he was being investigated for one of the largest Medicare frauds in history. It looks like my signature, but, I mean, what's your question? And years later wanted to become governor, and he came out of nowhere. No one really knew anything about him. A long time ago, I met Rick Scott in the capitol. And he crossed his legs. He had some cowboy boots. And emblazoned on the front of it is a Confederate flag. And he saw us notice, and he said, "Ah, these were a gift." For the last eight years, Rick Scott has been a great ally for the NRA. He has signed more pro-gun bills than any other governor in Florida history. So when Trayvon Martin's killing happened, Rick Scott's default it's gonna be like, "Well, I'm gonna look into it." There's not enough information. No one has enough information. And then the media suggested that George Zimmerman's father had something to do with him not being arrested because he used his power as a former magistrate. Do you think George Zimmerman is some way being protected because his father was a retired magistrate? The allegation was that the State Attorney knew Robert Zimmerman and there was some sort of meeting between them. They say both of them decided to overrule the lead investigator and not charge George Zimmerman. Wolfinger calling the family's accusations, quote, "outright lies." Once these things become TV media spectacles, they just get out of hand. The State Attorney recused himself. So then the case becomes, "Alright, what does Governor Rick Scott do?" And he appoints a prosecutor who's best known for prosecuting black children, Angela Corey. Over the last 30 years, Corey has prosecuted 65 homicide cases. The 57-year-old has a reputation as a tough conservative in the court room. Angela Corey was "law and order, charge 'em, lock 'em up." She decided to prosecute this 12-year-old, Cristian Fernandez, as an adult in the beating death of his two-year-old brother. The youngest person in Florida history to be charged for murder as an adult. She's the-- the Wicked Witch of the West. She wasn't somebody who was terribly sympathetic to the African-American community, but the thought was, "Okay, let's see if this might be the case that could be sort of her career-maker." I think if the public would be patient, they would understand that this is a very complicated area of the law, and that we're gonna do everything we can to make sure the public also has the answers that they need. Angela Corey knew that that was bullshit. If they wanted to arrest him, they could've. And they could've brought him before a judge and said, "He shot a black kid coming back from the store "who had bought Skittles, and who was doing nothing." We are Trayvon Martin. We are Trayvon Martin. Walkouts all across Miami today in support of Trayvon. Kids all over Florida started walking out of school, saying, "Arrest George Zimmerman." And then you had it nationwide. Every day I will announce to America how long justice has been delayed. So many people were standing up for us and supporting us. LeBron James tweeted a team photo to pay tribute to Martin. LeBron James posted a photo on social media. LeBron James writing "RIP Trayvon Martin" on his shoe. LeBron was saying "I see you." A lot of us are fathers. A lot of us have-- have young boys. Being a successful black man, if I walk down the street right now at night with a hoodie on, I'ma still feel that fear. No matter how much money you have, no matter how much popularity you have, you still had to deal with the question of race. No justice. Demonstrations are planned in more than 20 major cities this weekend. More than 2 million people from around the world have signed their names demanding George Zimmerman be arrested. Also, in Washington, a rally was held outside the White House to show support for Trayvon Martin, calling on the president to deliver justice in this case. When Trayvon was killed, we urged Obama to say something. They were discussing how to address this, and many people in the room were saying, "Leave it alone. Leave it alone. Don't talk about it." And he knew, during a presidential election year, that this was a risk. Obviously, this is a tragedy. It is absolutely imperative that we investigate every aspect of this. But my main message is to the parents of, uh, Trayvon Martin. You know, if I had a son, he'd look like Trayvon. And, um, you know, I think they are right to expect that all of us, as Americans, are gonna take this with the seriousness it deserves, and that we're gonna get to the bottom of exactly what happened. Thank you. That was pivotal. Obama didn't talk about blackness very much at all. But that moment, black people felt like we had a black president. Whereas white America felt totally different. The president himself... I don't like when politics gets in the way of facts. What the president said is disgraceful. Houston, we've got a problem. Tonight, it's the tragedy that has captured the attention of both civil rights watchdogs, and gun rights advocates nationwide. Some call for justice, while others preach patience for the facts to fully emerge. There's a time in the media where there was sympathy given to Trayvon Martin and the family. And that cut across the partisan lines that we're accustomed to. The way the police handled this stinks to high heaven. Every decent American should want justice in this case. Well, it has to be looked into. It's terrible what happened. 17 years old, and now there are all sorts of stories coming out which just don't sound right. Then Barack Obama says... You know, if I had a son, he'd look like Trayvon. It just immediately polarized the country. Black America hears it as a eureka moment. Finally having what we've known our entire lives affirmed. White America hears it as this black president accusing every single one of them of being racist. This is nonsense. I don't like when politics gets in the way of the facts, or when people come to criminal investigations with political agendas. Why did Barack Obama have to bring race into this? The President of the United States' only public reaction, "Look, if I had a son, he'd look like that." For what purpose does on say that? The conservative media was on attack. Do you really wanna have a conversation about who kills who in this country? Do you wanna look at the statistics? These pundits were all part of a master narrative. Zimmerman is not being treated fairly. The conversation in much of white America turned to, "Wait a minute, George Zimmerman is the victim." The victim of a President of the United States using unequal power against him. Now George Zimmerman has hired defense attorneys Hal Uhrig and Craig Sonner. The only place George was on trial was in the court of public opinion. One--one at a time. Right here. What--what? It fed on itself. It developed its own life. It was tough to try to break through that narrative. And we didn't have a seething town of civil unrest because of race relations. Jesse Jackson, Al Sharpton brought that to town. But he's not actually allowed to carry a gun as a Neighborhood Watch official. That's why you saying that when he made the call... You're wrong. You're wrong. He was acting-- well, I'm not wrong. That is the law, isn't it? You are wrong. A black friend of the family says that these screams... Which sparked so much protests across the nation, are actually the screams of George Zimmerman. We had a number of the people actually in the media going, "Huh." Look, he's somebody's son. No one needs to die unnecessarily. I can't imagine the pain of the family. But all evidence suggests that Trayvon Martin was a young punk and a thug. A poor black child murdered in cold blood on the way to the 7-11 to buy some candy. Get a good look at this magazine cover. Really soak it in. Some very different pictures emerge of the two men involved. Literally. These pictures we have all seen many, many times. It was conservative websites that actually first showed us the new pictures that clearly show Trayvon older. "If I had a son he'd probably look just like Trayvon." Which one, the 10-year-old or the 17-year-old? Which one would he look like? The teenager was suspended from school for drug activity. Let's now take this kid and turn him into a villain. Let's turn him into a menace. It goes back to that classic storyline that we all know, about the black victim not really being a victim. I covered the Rodney King trial. I vividly remember hearing people say, "Well, we don't know what happened before the tape started running." Well, we know what happened on tape. I think the hoodie is as much responsible for Trayvon Martin's death as George Zimmerman was. Trayvon Martin wearing a hoodie was deemed just as dangerous as George Zimmerman having a gun. Just because someone wears a hoodie... does not make them a hoodlum. If the hoodie was the problem, then white people who wear hoodies would end up dead, and that's not the case. The website "The Daily Caller" has published more than 150 pages of Trayvon's Twitter activity. You had right wing blogs doxing him. The photo depicts him extending his middle finger. Have you seen a kid's Facebook posts lately? Who didn't have a picture flicking the camera off? The Twitter account was "No Limit Nigga." N-I-G-G-A. It wasn't, um, you know, "Dr. Martin Luther King's acolyte." "No, I'm a no limit nigga." We have screen grabs that showed sexual aggression typical of hip-hop culture in America today. He was violent and highly sexualized. But they were out to gather as much information as they could to justify his very death. Let me tell you something about Trayvon Martin's trip to the 7-11. There's a street drug. It's not called "scat." There's a street drug that's popular with the kids. It has three ingredients. Sudafed, which is cough syrup, Skittles and watermelon juice. A particular brand of watermelon juice. I had not heard that one. If you take Arizona watermelon fruit juice cocktail, a bag of Skittles, and add simple cough syrup, you get a cheap, codeine-based drink called "lean." Do these people actually know what lean is? Seems a bit of a coincidence to me, but the only two items he picked up out of the entire 7-11 were 2/3 of the ingredients needed to make lean. That--those are not the ingredients. And we could do this for hours. You killed my son. And then you're assassinating his character in the same breath. They tried to break me. They tried to break my family. They can talk about the suspension. They can talk about the marijuana. They can talk about the middle finger. They can talk about the grill. But at the end of the day, that does not justify a 28-year-old man with a loaded gun chasing, following, profiling, pursuing a 17-year-old. You need a racist idea to pin this on. You need to make Trayvon into a villain. You need to make him into a nigger. Protestors blocked the entrance of the Sanford Police Department today to increase the pressure for an arrest of George Zimmerman. - I am... - Trayvon. Marchers from across the state took buses to participate. A firestorm came. Organizers say the protests will continue weekend after weekend until authorities make an arrest. Special prosecutor Angela Corey telling Anderson Cooper there are significant hurdles to clear before an arrest can be made. Remember, our burden of proof is beyond a reasonable doubt. That's an extremely high burden, especially in light of the stand-your-ground law. And you're hoping to make that decision, you think, within the next couple of days? No, no, probably--hopefully by the end of the week after next, or we--we need a couple of weeks. Without stand-your-ground, he would have been arrested right away. Thousands of protestors descending on Sanford once again. Don't shoot me. Skittles and tea. There was a wound that had a scab on it for a long time. And this pulled that scab off. Now it's truly bleeding, and we don't know how to stop it. Father, this world is broken, this city is broken, but Father, you came to fix broken things. I don't think Sanford needs healing. I'm out and about in this city all day, every day, and I feel this city was invaded. This city was invaded by people who have their own personal agenda. And they're still coming in, who wants their 15 minutes of fame. They need to be shown the finger and shown the door. City Commissioner Randy Jones says Sanford residents have seen enough. Tensions rising weekend by weekend, protest by protest. One official called the city a "tinderbox." Black power! Black Power! - Black power! Black Power! The New Black Panther Party has placed a $10,000 bounty on the head of George Zimmerman. If you kill my damn baby, we're gonna kill your damn baby. Sanford is gonna explode. The head of a white separatist group called the National Socialist Movement have announced patrols on Sanford, Florida. Jeff Schoep says he'll protect white citizens from racial violence. No peace. No justice, no peace. A scary new turn in the Trayvon Martin saga. Early this morning, six shots were fired into a police car outside The Retreat at Twin Lakes. People were really scared about riots. Sanford spun out of control. Three counties have activated their emergency operation centers at the same level of preparedness as if a hurricane was about to hit. Breaking news. Special prosecutor Angela Corey is gearing up for a press conference to release new details in the Trayvon Martin case. I'm praying, "Lord, please don't let her come back and say that she doesn't have enough probable cause." Good evening, everyone. I'm Angela Corey, the special prosecutor for the Trayvon Martin case. We was just nervous. Like, what's gonna happen? This is it. Black people were watching this side by side, hoping that they would get justice. We were praying that God was on our side. Today we charge George Zimmerman with murder in the second degree. A capias has been issued for his arrest. We had been fighting for 40-some-odd days for an arrest. We just embraced each other. We just hugged and cried and prayed. It was a moral victory. It had to be. We simply wanted an arrest. We wanted nothing more, nothing less. We just wanted an arrest, and we got it. And I say thank you. I will confirm that Mr. Zimmerman is indeed in custody. Can you tell us where? I will not tell you where. He will have a right to appear in front of the magistrate in Seminole County within 24 hours of his arrest. And thus, formal prosecution will begin. Well, it didn't take long. We have many complicated homicides that are thoroughly investigated. Remember, the prosecutor's burden under our constitution is proof beyond a reasonable doubt. Here's the moment so many have waited for. George Zimmerman in handcuffs. I remember I told Tracy and Sybrina, "It's a great day, but it doesn't mean he's going to jail." And I'll never forget. Sybrina said, "They didn't even want him to go to court." Today George Zimmerman appeared in court to face charges that he shot and killed Trayvon Martin. People were relieved once he was actually arrested. But George Zimmerman becomes a hero to a lot of white America. There were people out there who are willing to give him money. Now, donations are said to be skyrocketing. Is there anything you might do differently? I feel that it was all God's plan. Surf the internet with browser of future osdb.link/brave 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 