Botched: Season 6, Episode 17 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Botched 
 s6e17 - Send Me A Mir-ear-acle - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Botched (2014–…): Season 6, Episode 17 - Send Me A Mir-ear-acle - full transcript 
 A young man with a cauliflower looking keloid on his ear hopes Dr. Nassif has a solution to remove it permanently. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Im feeling awful this morning. I had all the CCs you could ever think of. Im ready to have a reduction. I started to develop chronic back pain. You know Im angry. Im feeling flat chested right now, and Im very, very upset. I was born with a condition called microtia, which has ultimately left me with a keloid on my left ear. The risk of you getting that keloid back is still there. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Theres no guarantee here. I dont know if this is gonna work. Again, no ones done this. Yeah. Im a singer and Ive got my reality show. You did reality TV? Yes, in college. In college? Keeping Up With The Balkjes. Its very important to look good. So I had 500cc filler injected each butt cheeks. Of hydrogel? Yes. Scary. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Have no idea how much this chair helps my back. If I could sleep here, I would. Yeah? Taking all this weight off my breasts for my back. Im feeling awful this morning. My name is Sheyla, and I am cuckoo for breasts. I love breast implants, and I love big breasts, but they cause me back pain. Yeah. John, you like little boobs like a orange. No... little boobs. I like melons. Watermelons? Watermelons. I just like big boobs. I grew up in Brazil. I was unhappy with the way I used to look. In 2001, at age 21, I started going under the knife every six months. It became a habit. It was like going to get my nails done at a nail salon. I think I was-- Something wrong with me. I think I was cuckoo crazy. I have had 32 plastic surgeries in my breasts. I had all the CCs you can ever think of. I had 145 CCs, 245 CCs, 345 CCs. I had 555 CCs, 650, 850, 1200... ...and 3500 and 5,500. After that I didnt wanna stop. I still wanna go bigger. My goal were 8,000 CCs, but unfortunately-- well, I had a blessing. I got pregnant, so that stopped me a little bit. The doctor said, "We have to go back to this size because youre gonna breast feed." So got my breast reduction from 5500. I went all the way down to 750. So after Victoria was born a healthy little girl, I went back to Brazil and I say to to the doctors, "Can you please make me bigger again? I cannot live without my breasts." I think the less that I have right now is 2500 CCs. Im gonna miss my twins. Im gonna them so much. But its time for them to go. Its time to retire the boob business. In 2017 I started to develop chronic back pain. And Im sure this has to do with this unnecessary weight carrying around. Couple years ago, if you ask me, "Sheyla, go small," I would say, "You know what? No. Youre crazy." But today Im ready to have a reduction. If I can have my breasts reduced, that will be a big help for my back. I have to, you know, make it look better, but the smallest I can go is a thousand. I cant wait to see you without your boobies. Okay. Im ready to look sexy. Whats happening, Dre? What is going on, man? Hey, Eric. How you doin? Good to see you, man? How about you? Have a seat. Whats up, best friend? Hey, how ya doing? Good. Good. You know what I like? Uh, yes, sir. Yes, sir. My name is Andre. I was born with a condition called microtia. Its when youre ears are deformed and smaller than normal, which has ultimately left me with a keloid on my left ear. Some people say that it looks like a golf ball. Some people say that it looks like a snail, but no matter what you call it, I just want it gone. Was it always that big? or did it just-- did it seem to grow? It was pretty small when it first started out, but then it got bigger each year. up until now. So lets say, like, okay, a year from now youre completely healed, like, the keloids gone and all that, are you gonna, like, go and, like, start dating everybody? Yeah, definitely. Id be more open to it. The keloid definitely impacts dating. I dont, like, pursue anyone just because I think in my mind Im going to get rejected. Theyre not going to want someone with this giant keloid on their ear. Middle school was rough, I remember. That was when, like, a group of guys was just kind of, like, mean, right? Was that eighth grade or seventh grade? That was definitely eighth grade. Its so sad how cruel kids can be. I know. When we were little I witnessed Andre go through quite a lot of bullying. We had people even saying things to his face, like, "Whats on your ear? What is that? You have cauliflower ear. Why is your ear so ugly?" But we made it. We made it. We did. - Come here. - What is that? Put your hand in my back, upper back. Youre kidding me. You have a thing to tell you to sit up? So its a little thing. You stick in the middle of your back. Yes. Then you have to set your posture. What are you-- By the way, my height actually increased by about half an inch. Why dont you just sit up straight? The best way to get Paul to stop slouching is not by putting a device between his shoulder blades. Its by putting an ice-cream cone just above his head. Aah. So we have Andre, a young man born with microtia. Had reconstruction, and hes developed what? Keloids. Keloids. Oh, poor guy. Let me show you a photo. Oh. In simple terms, a keloid is overgrowth of scar tissue, and when you just cut it off, your body says, "Hey, theres still a wound here," and it keeps growing. so its very hard to excise and not have it grow back again. Can you please send in Andre? Andre. Hi. This guys tall. Nice to meet you. Andre. Nice to meet you. Hi, Andre. Terry Dubrow. How are you? Hello. Nice to meet you. Nice to meet you. Hi, Im his mom Malika. Malika? Uh-huh. Dr. Nassif. Dr. Dubrow. Hi. How are you? Hi, Dr. Dubrow. Nice to meet you. Come on in. Have a seat there. My mom, she was a single mother. We have a very close relationship. She was always encouraging me to just make the most out of a bad situation. I know that its straining to her to maybe go through another procedure again with the same results. If Dr. Nassif cant fix this, then Im just gonna have to live with it for the rest of my life. So youre born with a problem with your ear. Yeah. Okay. It was a unique situation when he was born. There was something wrong with his ear, and Im like, "- Is it something I did? - " No, you did nothing. Cause I work at a pharmacy. Its like was it a medicine I was probably exposed to before. Okay, listen. Listen to me. Uh-huh. You had nothing to do with this. - Okay. - It just happened. This is something that happens randomly then? Cause I always blamed myself. Yeah. There is not one specific reason why microtia occurs. Thank you. So if youve ever had any guilt... - I did. - Has nothing to do with you. Microtia could be a congenital thing, or it could be environmental. Many factors can cause this, but you cant really pick out one specific factor. The childrens hospital referred me to a doctor. And he examined him. Hes like, "We cant do any surgery until hes five. Mm-hm. So we waited until he was five. That was the worst surgery because they had to get cartilage from his rib. From the rib. Do you remember it? I do, yeah. I just remember I was in pain. How old were you when you got that keloid? Nine or eight I would say. He was like, "Mom, I dont want anymore surgeries." But now, if you can see, its like literally growing over his ear to where its covering some of his ear. I can tell this bothers you just as much as it bothers him. Definitely. No matter how much people say that they dont look at the outside, they do. And they judge you by that. As a mother, I just try to esteem in him, that hes loved, hes accepted, that thats just the outside. How you are on the outside doesnt reflect who you are on the inside. But Andre is kinda withdrawn a little bit. I feel he is limited by the outside appearance. Does it interfere with any glasses or any activities of any kind? I wore glasses and the thing about it is I didnt really have like pa-- Yeah, rim. A rim? So what would be your goal right now? Really just to get it looking as much like this ear as it could. Oh, I would-- I would like it to look exactly like that. Yeah. We want perfection. Yes. Bring it down a few notches, Mom. Bring it down. The doctors are in a business of making miracles and mir-ear-acles. You would be okay with not perfection, right? I would be okay if it-- if we get close to it. No big deal. Yeah, of course. No big deal. - The incision was very blue. - Red. Oh, you know what that means. Blood supplys not good. And-- Yes. I cried. Its like... I was dying. That I can kiss my career bye. Kiss your butt goodbye. All right, so were gonna take a peek here. Okay, okay. So its attached. Ohh. Youre missing the area up here. And thats right. - This is the reconstruction. - Mm-hm. We got really lucky here because Andres keloid is attached to a small pedicle to the top of his ear. Its not engulfing and eating his ear because if we had to remove a keloid that is eating your ear, then were lopping off the top third of his ear. What is our goals for where you both want it? You said, "Can you remove the keloid and make your left ear look like your right ear?" Mm-hm. Right? Yes. Correct. Okay. Probably not going to make them look exactly alike. Yeah. No matter what. Okay. At all. So a plan would possibly be doing a keloid excision with possible rib reconstruction. Okay. Assuming that the keloid doesnt grow back. A thought thats entering my mind is, if I put rib in between the keloid and the skin, is that going to act as a barrier to prevent further regrowth of a new keloid? And, yes, I just thought about that myself. Are there other treatments that can stop the keloid? There is one thing. There is something called 5-Flurouracil. It is an injectable. It helps prevent the buildup of scar tissue. There is a possibility that this modulator, which means it tells things to stop growing may be effective. I would inject the 5-Flurouracil at the end of surgery and every week until hopefully that initial healing stage is over. Ears are basically either there or not... Yeah. ...generally. Name me an actor or actress who has great ears? Cant think of any. You know, its just not a thing. There we go. All right. My names Kasia and Im from Amsterdam. Im a singer and my bass is way too low. Everyone knows you, you know? "Kasia, yeah, the one with the nice butt." I was always a fan of the butts, especially like J.Lo and Beyoncé and then Kim. And I thought this is like a whole evolution of the butt is getting bigger and bigger and bigger. I walk and I twerk. Its very weird what butt can do with your life. My career was blown up more than my butt. Hello! I look like ballerina? Ive got my reality show with two of my girlfriends, call it, Keeping Up With The Balkjes. Notice I have cellulite on my buttocks? I remember performing on the Amsterdam Gay parade. for 13, 14,000 people. And Im about to release my new album. Yeah, Im out there. Sounds funny, but my butt goes with my career. Okay, so you see this side, it doesnt look very nice. Kasia is real known for her music in Amsterdam but also for her, uh, beautiful body. And also the back, like you can see all the fillers, literally hanging. Instead of going up, its going down. When I was 22, I had fillers. Then I feel excited. I went back. And I got my boobies. So I thought its amazing. Its like I became a different person. It was like more or less like this. And thats how it was looking in the beginning. Yeah. So after the implants, I had 500cc filler injected each butt cheeks. Your looks are important. My butt going to be literally into my knees. It started eight months ago. Then I can kiss my career bye. Kiss your butt good-bye. Kiss career-- Kiss your butt-- Im doing my music video. Its very important to look good. I hope that Dr. Dubrow and Dr. Nassif find a safe solution to remove the filler and keep the implants but also keep my butt nice in shape. I hope Dr. Dubrow is going to fix it for you. Hes married, I think. Huh? Oh... You know how handy it would be married to a surgeon? - Sheyla. - Hello. So where you guys from? Brazil. Is that where youve had most of your plastic surgery? Yes, I want the big breasts, the tiny waist, but my doctor told me I had to a couple of surgeries to get that size cause I was flat chested. Okay, so what did they put in the first time? 145. Thats very, very small. Theyre almost like a baby breasts. Yeah, how long did you wait before you went to the next bigger size? I was like every six months. Surgery every six months-- Thats not something I would recommend. The more times you have a surgery, the higher the frequency of encountering a surgical or anesthetic complication. So then after that I had to have a special implant made. And how big were those? 5,500 CCs. Wow. But I was pregnant and I didnt know. Okay. So I had to go back into surgery to reduce the implants. So then you delivered, and you, what, you go back in and have big ones put back in again? I wasnt able to get those implants that I had custom made. They no longer fabricate those implants. So he took a 1500 implant and stacked two in each breast. Okay. I told them, "This is so common," and I say, "They do all the time." Stacking? Yeah, I lied. Yeah, you lied. ...to get away with my big breasts. Okay. So I show him a little video from Nip/Tuck because seen on the show. From the TV show? Yeah. Thats fiction. Thats fake. So you convinced him based on fiction. The fact that Sheyla was able to convince a plastic surgeon to do something unorthodox by showing him a video tells me two things-- one, shes very persuasive, and two, it mustve been a really good show. These double stacking implants was so swollen. It was infected, and the incision was very-- Red. ...blue. Blue? It was turning blue. Oh, you know what that means? Blood supplys not good. Yes, I cried. Its like I was dying. The area inside my breasts was black. Yeah. Complete, so they had to remove grafted skins from the side and leave me without the implants. So when I woke up... Oh, yes. ...and I had no implants, and you already know what happened, now? You freaked. I freaked out. I didnt look in the mirror for a long time. Im really interested in helping Sheyla. The problem is, is that when you take a patient whos had a history of so many previous operations, like Sheyla, it makes you wonder whether you can ever truly make her happy. And then got these put it in. So that was the last surgery. This was the last surgery. How long ago? 2012. So what are your goals now? A thousand. Why do you want a thousand? With the 2500 now I was okay. I was fine. But, uh, 2017 I was working at a psychiatric hospital. I was doing program with a patient. He got out of control, and he grabbed me, threw me across the room. So I land on my back, and then I got back pain. So the breasts became an issue. So now you have a functional issue. And I have this big gap, and youre going to see later, after the exam, and youre gonna see the defect. My breasts have deformed. They dont even look normal anymore. To take the weight off will require a lot of skin removal. The question is, how risky is it? So you had a 360 CC implant and 500 CCs of filler. Yes. Scary. - Okay, so this is what the keloid looks like. - Wow, its huge. All right, take a look. Okay. Its a mess. Okay, let me see something for a second. Are you sure these are 2,500 CCs? They seem a little smaller than that. My doctor told me 2500. Okay. Thats okay. So all right, you do have some breast tissue hanging off here. We call that a dissociation. But the good news is you have a lot of breast tissue. Its pretty thick. Yeah, thats good. Although I have several concerns about a patient whos had 32 previous breast surgeries. The main focus is on blood supply to the tissue and how much internal scaring there is. This is what could be done. Okay. We could take the breast implants out. Okay. We would have to close down the pocket to put a smaller smaller implant. Okay. Okay. If we dont close down the pocket, theyll just fall down into your armpit. Yeah, please do whatever you have to. So you have to close down the pocket, put the new saline breast implants in. Whether its 800, 850 or a thousand, thats all about the same. And then-- A thousand. A thousand-- And then youre gonna have a lot of excess lose skin. Correct? A fair amount, yeah. So that has to be removed and everything has to be tightened up. So you need a significant breast lift. I think I sort of have to take your case because its very high risk. Yay... Hes gonna do it. The number-one goal is to take care of the pain. The pain. And the functional problem. The number-two goal is to make them look good. Yes, yes, yes. Once he does this, youre gonna be a lot smaller. Are you-- you-- you sure mentally you are ready for this? I am hundred percent ready. I cant wait. Hello, everybody. Lets talk about the plant for today. The goal is to remove the keloid, inject it with 5-Flurouracil and steroids to prevent it from coming back. However, the risk of you getting that keloid back is still there. There are no guarantees in any of this. Yeah. With what you have. Theres no guarantee here. For Andres surgery, I will start by making an incision along the left ear and excise the keloid from his ear. The I will harvest two small pieces of rib and stitch them to the tissue on top of his ear. I will then use piece of skin from the keloid to make a skin graft to cover the rib and shape the ear before stitching the area closed. Finally I will inject Andres ear with 5-Flurouracil to prevent the keloid from coming back. Im incising, which means making a incision along the keloid but making sure I have extra skin so we can close ear together again. - Okay, so this is what the keloid looks like. - Wow, its huge. Lets just carve a piece of rib while the rib is still left in the chest. We dont need the whole rib, but not-- were not doing a nasal reconstruction. Since we need two relatively small pieces of rib cartilage, were gonna carve out the rib while the rib is actually left in the body. Were not gonna take out the whole rib. And this is more less invasive. In addition it should cause Andre less pain. So this is the piece of rib. And Im gonna-- Trying to stitch the skin on top of that ear. And I dont know if this is gonna work. - Again, no ones done this. - Yeah. Were trying to see if somehow theres a signal in the cartilage to the scar saying, "Stop making scar." And we may need to use the little skin graft because its pretty-- You know, its-- actually need more tissue. Because I ended up building the ear up so much in height to almost match the right ear, the skin I left behind, which was a lot, is not sufficient to close it. I need a skin graft. So Im gonna take a piece of skin from the keloid that I excised, stitch it all together, and hopefully everything will survive nicely. Im gonna do a little "injecciones' of this. 0.65 CCs out of the 5-FU. Look at that. Can you wear a pair of glasses there? - Damn right, baby. - Yep. This is why Terry and I do what we do. We help those who need us the most. Andre is a young, good-looking guy with the rest of his life ahead of him. He should not have to feel that hes being held back. Hopefully that skin graft doesnt die. Yep. What do you have going on here? This is an interesting, difficult patient who has a buttock problem. Her name is Kasia. Pretty girl but obviously likes to do enhancements. Yeah. She has foreign material in her buttock. I dont know exactly whats been injected, what procedures shes had. So lets bring in Kasia. Can you please send in Kasia? Kasia. Hello. How are you, Kasia? Dr. Nassif. Im fine. We kiss. Thats how we do in Holland. Terry Dubrow. Pleasure to meet you. Hi. Hello, my name is Cindy. Please. Nice to meet you. Have a seat. Wait a minute. What did you say? Those are free kisses from where? Holland. From Holland. Holland. My wifes parents lived in Holland for 11 years. How do you say "hospital" in... Ziekenhuis. Ziek-- Is that great? Ziekenhuis. My wife and I always say, when I dont feel well, I go, "I need to go to the "sicky-house." Sicky-house. Sicky-house. Feel sicky. I need to go to the sicky-house. So, Kasia, what do you do? Came from, like, reality show TV programs and then finally I fall in love with the music. So youre a singer. Yes. So wait. You did reality TV? Yes, in Holland. In Holland? What was it? Keeping Up With The Balkjes. How was that? It was cool. It was, like, five seasons. Five seasons. Yeah. You were really famous in Holland. Everyone more or less, Yeah. Many people knows me, yeah. Wow. Did the Keeping Up With... The Balkjes. The Balkjes reality show come to you because of the buttock, or did you have the buttock done because you saw the Keeping Up With The... show here? Yes. We found all the pop stars... Yeah? ...all the movie stars and reality stars. So I start with J.Lo. Then I saw Beyoncé. Ah... Right? So I went, like, larger. Then I saw Kim. So you had it done. 360... 360. ...CCs. And they look good. Yeah, back then, yes. Good. But then along the road I thought, "Okay..." Ah, here we go. More is better. Yeah. How can I have larger butt, right? And I went, like, to injecting permanent fillers. Permanent. Hydrogel, 500 CC each. Of hydrogel? Yes. In each cheek? Yes. So now you have-- Thats huge. So you have a 360 CC implant. and 500 CCs of filler. Yes. Scary. Hydrogel is a very common filler in Europe thats used to cause soft tissue expansion. But Ive never seen someone have 500 CCs injected in one anatomical area. So that could really predispose you to very significant complications. Lets look. All right? See if we can help you. All right. Okay. Thank you. Sure. Cant just make an incision and go like its a zit. You have to cut the whole section out. Okay, here it comes. Does this look like 2500 CCs to you? No. Exactly what I was worried about. God damn it! Welcome to our sicky-house. Ziekenhuis, ...ziekenhuis. I like sicky-house better. - Sicky-house. - Yeah. All right, lets get serious. So do me a favor. Stand up. Yeah. And let me see whats going on. All right. Turn this way. The buttock implant is here, and its obviously on top of the muscle. Youre just lucky it hasnt moved around too much. And then you have this area thats starting to change color. Its the area where gravity has its greatest effect. Okay, so have a seat. Do you know what thats indicative of? A reduction in blood supply. I think the shape change were seeing in Kasias buttock is due to the hydrogel moving around. Over time that reduction in the blood supply, due to that large volume could lead to very significant problems, like infection, necrosis, and, unfortunately, loss of large segments of her buttock skin. You cant just make an incision and go like its a zit. You have to cut the whole section out because the fillers incorporated into the tissue, so the way Ive treated these things is I remove that, I do some tucking, to take up the loose skin, but I also do a buttock lift to bring it up, which means a scar across your back. Whats the, um... The healing time? The healing time. It could be three to six months. Okay. What do you think? What do you wanna do? Im really gonna just take a moment, finish the things that Im working on. You cannot do this right now, I think, because of the music and the videos and everything. When I would be able to take enough time to rest and heal... Mm-hm. Come to me. I will work some magic on this. Okay? Yeah. Kasia should never have had 500 CCs of hydrogel put into her buttock, but sometimes celebrities get whatever they want. The good news is she can come back to us and get the proper solution. Lets go get some wine, okay? Im really looking forward to it. Okay. Wining, wining. Can we take those one with us? Yeah. ♪ What I wanted, what I needed ♪ Hi, Sheyla. How are you? Hello, Dr. Dubrow. Good to see you. Nice to meet you. How do you feel? I feel a little bit nervous. You do. Mm-hm, yeah. Todays my 33rd breast surgery. I have mixed emotions. Because, honestly, I need to get a breast reduction, but I wish I couldve kept them. I love them. Downsizing should relieve you of a lot of pain. Okay, so we think you have 2500 CCs. Its possible that I get in there, and theres not 2500. In fact its possible I get in there, and theres substantially less. Okay. If theres substantially less, Im gonna have to work with what it is and what I need to go down to get enough laxity so that I can lift you up. But my goal is a thousand. So let me ask you this, finally. I may freak out when I wake up. Well, let me tell you this. I go in there, all you have left is an 800 CC silicone. If I take 800 and put 500... Youre gonna have crazy person getting up surgery. Hold on a second, Sheyla. Okay. If I reduce you by only 300 CCs, youre still going to have all that back pain. What I want is a thousand, but if it gets that and a thousands not possible, youre the professional, youre the doctor, do whatever it takes. Have you ever said this to a doctor before? No. The first time. Although Ive operated on someone whos had multiple previous operations, this is the first time Ive done someone whos had 32. This could be a much more difficult operation than Im even suspecting, and Im suspecting a very difficult operation. For Sheylas surgery today, Im going to make incisions under her areolas and remove her old implants. Next, I will access the breast pockets, downsize her implants, and manipulate the breast tissue and skin to give her a better overall cosmetic result. All right, lets find out whats going on inside. Okay, here it comes. Pull-- Oh, my God. Its just a super overfilled saline implant. Does this look like 2500 CCs to you? No. Nuh-uh. Thats exactly what I was afraid of. Oh, my god. So I need to know how much is in here. What-- What was I worried about? What if theres only 1500 CCs. What if its much smaller? Yeah. What if its a thousand, and I have to move it down to 500. Yeah. Yeah. Remember that? This could be 900 CCs. Thousand, tops. Thousand, tops. Im calling that 900. This is silicone. Its silicone? Yeah. Its no saline? No, it looks like theres a valve on the inside. Do you see that? This made be a weird European double lumen. Double-lumen implants were originally designed to have a silicone inner shell and a saline outer shell that allows you to change the size of the implant intra-operatively so you can adjust for any breast asymmetries. All right, so that part is silicone. Yeah, this part has saline. Look at that. What? Its unusual that Sheyla has an outer silicone lumen and an inner saline lumen. This totally defeats the purpose. Ive never seen that before, and the only thing I have to say about that is its kind of weird. Okay, so a thousand. So w-- its a 400-CC implant. 660 CCs of saline, right? Yeah. So its a thousand-- Its basically a thousand-CC implant. Were gonna put the same thing. Sheyla has about a thousand-CC implants, which is what she wanted to be reduced to. If I dont reduce her any further, she wont have the functional improvements in terms of the back pain. And if I do, will she freak out on me? Its exactly what I was worried about. God damn it! Okay, so now what? Uh... I started to clean up the ear with the peroxide. Mm-hm. The peroxide on tissue, it actually kills it. Youre 20 hours out from surgery, and youre already asking for bigger implants just because of a number? Please, Dr. Dubrow, Ill do whatever you tell me. Let me see what they look like. Im feeling flat chested right now, and Im very, very upset. Its basically a thousand-CC implant. Okay, so lets do this. Do me a favor. Get me a 560 extra full silicone implant. Okay. Lets put it in and see what it looks like. Lets just test it. By the way, going from a thousand to 500 is proportionally about the same as 25 to a thousand, right? So its the same thing. So were essentially achieving the same thing. Im in. I just dont want her to freak out because of that. Yeah, well, you know, were here to do a job thats based on safety and aesthetics, and this allows us to do both. See, thats a much healthier implant-to-pocket relationship. The only concern I have is will she freak out or-- yeah, shes gonna freak out. Sit her up, see what it looks like. Okay, so theyre symmetrical. Theyre lifted. Theyre actually really pretty. This actually should give her both. It should give her pain relief And it gave her much better cosmetic appearances. So this achieved both of our goals. Well just have to wait and see if Sheylas happy or not. One things for sure, Sheyla will let us know. All right, lets close. - Hello, Dr. Nassif. - How are you? Good, how are you? Andre. Hi. Hi, how are you? Nice to meet you. Hey, buddy. So I havent seen Andre in a month, and we did his surgery, his post-op checks were great. After the keloid was removed, and I put two nice pieces of rib in there, so really would be a lot easier for you to wear your glasses. We have to be careful about making sure that skin graft lives Two, I want you to keep that dry. Just leave it alone. Dont touch it, dont instrument it. Two days ago he sent me a photo which showed that his skin graft was separating from the top of his ear. So whats happening? Well, um, I was in the shower, and then I got out, and then I started to clean the ear with the peroxide. Mm-hm. And then scab peeled off completely, and then thats when I yelled, like-- I was like, "Mom!" Peroxide. Yeah. Is that bad? Or-- Yeah. But peroxide on tissue, it actually kills it. Well, let me take a look. Okay? Okay. It looks like theres a piece of rib that Dr. Peng can work with to prevent the keloid from growing back. Okay. Okay? So were gonna prep it, give you a little shot there, numb it out, and then stitch it. Its not gonna take long. Okay. When the skin graft came off after the shower, I was petrified because a keloid does have potential to grow back. Hopefully we can just get this under control and it just stays away for good. The first part Im looking at is kind of the piece of cartilage. Uh-huh. Im gonna see how much of it we can save, but I took out the top layer of it. Were all done. Oh, really? Yeah. Lets take this off. Whats happening? You know Im angry. Uh-oh. How are you? First of all, youre not happy. Im sad. I already cried so much-- Okay, let me ask you a question. Whats upsetting you? I saw the card. You sent me with a card to carry with me. Okay, so you saw the card. So youre concerned that I took you all the way from 2500 down to 560, right? Im feeling flat chested right now. And Im very, very upset. There is no way in hell that I will keep 500 CCs. 2500 to a 500-- thats a lot. It is but what if you had 1060, 1,060 CCs in this one and a little bit more in that one? How do I know? Cause we measured it extremely carefully. Remember this discussion? I actually anticipated this possibility. Do you remember I said, "Hey, what Ive been thinking about, Sheyla, is that what if I go in there and you actually dont have 2500-- No. We never spook about any-- Its possible that I get in there, and theres not 2500. In fact its possible I get in there, and theres substantially less. I couldnt have done the lift. I couldnt have shaped your breast because it was too tight. In addition, you told the reason to downsize them now... To fix them. ...is because youre having pain. Yeah, back pain. So I did exactly what I needed to do. I dont like 500 CCs. These are just numbers. Forget the numbers. But the end-- Numbers-- I know but can you still make these big a little bit more? Dont go there. You had to have this operation. I assume that Sheylas previous surgeon knew she was obsessed with size, so thats why they told her what they told her. but thats not the kind of doctor I am. I want to relieve her of her back pain, but Im gonna do that and tell her the truth. Youre 20 hours out from surgery, and youre already asking for bigger implants just because of a number? Please, Dr. Dubrow. Im really sad now. Let me see what they look like. I mean-- They look pretty amazing. Will you come here, my man? Take a look at that. I dont wanna look. This part is more beautiful than before. - Beautiful-- so its beautiful. - Look at the shape. Dr. Dubrow, please put in more. Please? Dr. Dubrow, he did the best job. When I saw the real boobies, she looked great. Its amazing. Dr. Dubrow, can you do me something? Make this smaller because, you know, Hold on a second. ...I used to have skin here, so now its flapping because the blood was poor. Are you trying to talk me into doing a tummy tuck on you now to make your breasts look bigger? No tummy tuck. No, just some lipo I want a little bit around here so my breasts look bigger. You recover without a complication, and well talk about it. Well talk about it. - I love you. - I love you. Its okay. Bye-bye, ciao. Ciao. Thank you. This is the first time in my life that I have two normal looking ears, and its just kind of like a rebirth. Oh, heres Andre. Hi. Hi. The last time I saw Dr. Dubrow, I was pretty upset, and I still have a lot to say to him, and hes gonna hear it. I wanna talk to you. ♪ In an instant life can change ♪ This is the first time in my life that I have two normal looking ears, and its just kind of like a rebirth. Growing up with microtia and the keloids and being bullied constantly. Its always been a factor and something thats held me back. This is my first spring break, that Im going on a trip. For now Im just feeling optimistic about meeting new people, maybe even find myself a date. I am so excited for this trip. I cannot believe were finally going on it. I feel like I can let go now. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. - I feel relieved. - Yeah. Seems, like, unreal. Like, really. Yeah. Yes, it does. Its like a dream come true. Got to have fun and play. For both of us. Oh, heres Andre. Hi! Hi! Hi, Andre. Hi! Look at my baby. Oh, my god, you look so good. Youre still my baby. Hi. Are you ready? I feel so excited. I get to go on spring break with a brand new ear. Yeah. A difference that I have seen in Andre is the way he carries himself. Before the surgery was "I want to be able to do this," "I wish I could do this." Now Im seeing and hearing a lot more "When I do this," "Im doing this," "Lets go do this." His whole demeanor has honestly changed. I have a little something for you. Oh, wow. Oh, boy, lets see what it is. Open it, open it. Aw. Oh! Thats so nice. Try them out. Try them out. Oh, wow, look at you. Ooh! Okay, now were jiggy. Yeah. Now you can go. Before my surgery, I had a big, horrible snail-looking keloid on my left ear. I would constantly get stares and questions about my keloid that made it impossible to forget about it. And I couldnt even wear glasses, but now, thanks to Dr. Nassif, Im keloid free, and instead of feeling ashamed of people staring, Im now wearing my shades all day. Now look at me. - Wow. - Oh! Damn! Who is that? Im just really excited that I get to go to beautiful cities like Paris, looking beautiful for the first time. Have fun! Bye. I miss you. Oh... Yeah. Call me five times a day. No. Its been weeks since I had my surgery, and I had some unexpected results. I never thought I would be walking around with the small breasts like this. The last time I saw Dr. Dubrow, I was pretty upset. He says heal, rest, recover. Then well talk. Well, Im healed. And I still have a lot to say to him, and hes gonna hear it. Okay. All right, thanks. You expecting a Sheyla, one of your patients? Yes. Uh-oh. I wanna talk to you. I owe you an apology. Aw. Oh, this is gonna be good. Im rockin my world with my new breasts, and I love it, and Im-- You love it? I love it. Youre not totally unphappy? Im not, actually. Okay, I can go on with my day now. Im super excited that I actually got through to Sheyla that huge breasts dont need define her. Sheyla looks really good, and Im really happy for her but much happier for me. It was kind of like shock for me at the beginning. Then I came to realize how many doctors Ive been through. And you were the only one that ever said no to me. And my back thanks you so much. Your back pains gone. Its gone. Thats so awesome. I look so nice and beautiful. Before my surgery, my breasts was a hot mess. They were disfigured and so large, they made my back problem worse. I was so obsessed with surgery and make my body perfect that I didnt realize the impact it was having in my health. and my life. But, thanks to Dr. Dubrow, now my breasts is the size that they should be. I love the shape and my back pain is gone. I dont need huge breasts to feel sexy anymore. I feel sexy. Lets go, Dr. Nassif, because-- By far, yeah. Where am I going? ...we have something to talk about. Yeah, youre gonna do a face-- have a facial consultation. No, youre not. Yeah, yeah, go for it. Shes a great patient. Really, I recommend her highly. Bye. Bye. Mwah, yeah, Ill see you-- you know, Ill see you when I see you. Buh-bye, Sheyla. See ya. Plastic surgery is exactly what I need. Dr. Nassif and I are back. Ow! Whoa! You know what that looks like to me? Death. With tougher cases... Wait a minute, I cant even wrap my brain around it. Gets you a little nauseated, doesnt it? I wouldnt be surprised if the thing falls out while youre sitting here. Dont say that! The emotions run high. Its not fair. I was dysfunctional. I couldnt take care of my kids. Surgeries get even scarier. Oh. Full blown rupture. The nose completely collapsed. But its all worth it in the end. Thank you. Youre welcome. Hes my super hero. This is what happens when you go to the a great surgeon. Oh. OpenSubtitles recommends using Nord VPN from 3.49 USD/month ----> osdb.link/vpn 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 