Botched: Season 6, Episode 15 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Botched 
 s6e15 - Mia Mound and a DUI Disaster - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Botched (2014–…): Season 6, Episode 15 - Mia Mound and a DUI Disaster - full transcript 
 A Black Hawk crew chief with one MIA breast needs Dr Dubrow's help, while Dr Nassif attempts to bring back the smile of a DUI accident victim. Meanwhile, the doctors get served looks from a filler-obsessed nose patient. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 I called the best plastic surgeon I knew of. Please, make me a woman. And then my face started changing. Someone was like, "Oh, youre de-transitioning," and I was like, "Excuse me?" Ive been in the military for almost 10 years now. Ive been a Black Hawk crew chief. Black Hawk crew chief? Yeah. Yes. Should we call in the cavalry? Okay. Ended up having to take 70% of my muscle 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 because it was all infected. Wow, I thought she had more than this, which is gonna make it really hard to give her a shape down there. A drunk driver had hit us. I have some nerve damage. Ill probably never have my smile back again. Right now we can see it in this little muscle. Theres a chance that I can make your smile worse. My name is Kyleigh and my nose is a faux nose. Its all filler. I have this little, tiny flat nose. I dont like this little, teeny-tiny nose. It doesnt fit my face. Kyleigh is a very bubbly person 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 to the point where I annoy probably a lot of people around me, but to be honest, I really dont care. My favorite brand of shoe happens to be Christian Louboutin. They are magical. Theyre ruby slippers. They definitely will transport you to Wonderland. Even though I went through puberty as a biological male, I spent my whole life growing up with the assumption that I was a girl. In high school, I just, like, scrolled across a video and I said, "I dont know who Gigi Gorgeous is, but, yeah, let me watch this." This person had fully transitioned and had become a big inspiration for me. So I got my first prescription for hormones. I started to get, you know, some hips. I called the best plastic surgeon I knew of. I wanted facial feminization and breast augmentation. Here is Gigi Gorgeous face, heres here nose, here several of her angles. Please... Make me a woman. When I got out of surgery, I was, like, happy in this nirvana state. The first thing I did was reach for my chest. That power right there, I was woman, hear me roar. Five months after my surgery, I started to notice my nose was starting to go down. I had this little, tiny, flat nose. I went to see another doctor. He told me now theres non-surgical rhinoplasties. He put filler in my nose and I hate it. It doesnt last and having such a tiny nose just doesnt match everything else. Im really hoping Dr. Nassif can give me, like, a natural nose. Even my red bottoms cant fix this. Youre gonna lose. Uh-oh. Is that a threat? Solid. My name is Tanya and my left breast is missing in action. This right here... This prosthetic is my boob. There is no boob there. Wow. I currently have one implant. I wouldnt even be able to describe my breasts because I dont want to look at them. I got an infection on my skin. They had to do emergency surgery. They had taken out 70% of my muscle mass because it was also infected at that point. Im sorry. I dont want to live like this anymore. I let myself get emotional about what happened, but definitely only in private. Ive always been very strong, and so the biggest thing that held me back from sharing what was going on with anybody, was showing weakness. You know, just when I thought I had figured out how to fix even the most impossible breasts, this comes along. This is Tanya, shes in the military. Thats cool. Hold on. Is this distorted or what? No. But theres no volume. Its gone. Well, no. Look at the disruption of the tissue. That is the question. Absolutely why? So lets bring Tanya in and figure out if this is even fixable. Can you please send in Tanya? Hi. How are you? Dr. Nassif. Nice to meet you. Terry Dubrow. Please to meet you. Hi. Ive had ten doctors turn me down. As soon as they see me, they say, "I cant help you." And I am very nervous that Dr. Dubrow, Dr. Nassif cant help me today. Tanya... Yes. We saw a picture of you in a uniform. Yeah. Ive been in the military for almost 10 years now. Ive been a Black Hawk crew chief. Black Hawk? Yeah. Crew chief. Yes. Wow, thats cool. Do you ever just go up there and you just feel like, "Come on, Im gonna in Black f-in Hawk. Oh, yeah. "Who wants to mess--" Dont you feel that way... Oh, yeah. ...when you get in that thing? That confidence goes up. Yeah, right? Have you gone anywhere out of the country? No, but will be in the next year. Once I got the announcement of the deployment, I knew that I had to fix my breasts because the last thing that I wanna be thinking about is my prosthetic. I didnt wanna go on that deployment in my current condition. So what was the first thing that you did to your chest, and how did it all start? I had my first son, you know, breast feeding and all that good stuff, so... They deflated. I went the route of going bigger. I ended up with, like, a triple D. And I was uncomfortable, so I wanted to go smaller and get a lift. Then my scars got extremely dark. I went to get the scar revision. The doctor told me he should remove some of the breast tissue and put in a larger implant. Thats interesting. Thats a new one. Im totally confused. Why would surgeon ever take a patient to the operating room, remove breast tissue, and put a larger implant in them when all they wanted is a scar revision? You know why? Cause he wanted to charge her a lot of money, and hes a greedy asshole. My friend had had the similar procedure, and she looked great. Okay. So I said, "Okay, sure." Of course you did. So did it work? It did. And I was extremely happy. I was about full C, small D maybe. Everything was going okay for the first couple of weeks. Mm-hm. And then I started getting redness on the top of my left breast. So we get on antibiotics. And this continues on for about five months. Five months? Yes. Every time I go see him, he just tells me, like, "Well, do you wanna try another antibiotic?" Is the infection gone? No. Wow, its getting worse. Okay, go on. One day Im at the unit, Im walking out on the flight line, and I got to open the helicopter door, and Im just too weak to open it. So I drive myself to the doctor, and Im about to pass out, and so they come and they grab me. My blood pressure was almost nonexistent. Right. And thats the last thing that I remember. So when I wake up. The implants are out. The implant is out. Took the left one out, left the right one in. Yes. Ended up having to take 70% of my muscle because the left breast was severely infected. Wow. If a patient has a necrotizing soft tissue infection, you gotta remove the dead tissue, the necrotized tissue. Two, they need hyperbaric oxygen. Three, IV antibiotics. Numerous things you have to do. You dont just give them antibiotics and say, "Good-bye." Okay, so you know about this situation, right? To be fair, I mean, I didnt tell anybody. Why? Because I felt like it was the consequence of something that I did. You didnt do this to yourself. Some a-hole did this to you by mismanaging you. I appreciate that. No, but its the truth. Lets see what we can do. So whats the answer? Lets face it. This is left-breast down. A drunk driver had hit us. I couldnt believe that that was how bad my face looked. I feel like a monster. What is this thing youre using, this cutlet or whatever it is? Its a prosthesis. This prosthesis. Its really gross, but its the only one Ive been able to-- Look how big it is. ...form. Yeah, yeah. Its-- Its time we get rid of it. So right now this is kind of what I am dealing with. So you can see, right? This is called the inframammary crease. You know we have a jaw line here? Its almost like you dont have a jaw on this side. You dont have that structure that gives you that defined crease. So you think, "Well, why cant I just put a breast implant in it? The problem is, is that it will be on your abdomen. Youve lost that connection from the inner aspect of the left breast to the chest wall. That has haunted me my entire career. Tanya has one of the most difficult things to fix in all of breast surgery, which is the attachment of the breast tissue to the chest wall. Its made even that much more difficult by the fact that shes lost the muscle and a lot of that breast tissue in this area. It actually may not be fixable. Lets face it. This is left-breast down. Is it not? Yes, it is. So how do we rescue the left breast? Question is, can we come up with some creative solution to give you an attachment here to have that contour and then match it to the other side? I wont know till I get in there. Im willing to take whatever journey it is, even without knowing what exactly were going to do, and Im thrilled that hes willing to take the journey with me. Okay, are you in? Im in. Are you in, Esmeralda? Im fully in. I want my best friend back. You want your best friend back? Yes. I mean, my best friend has great breasts. I want your best friend to have great breasts, too. Yes. Thank you for again insulting me. I really appreciate it. I didnt insult you. I think this is the place right here. Yeah, its right here. Is it? My name is Brontee, and my face makes me feel deformed. I have really heavy cheek. Its very asymmetrical, unbalanced, and its not the way that I was born. Well, actually I was in a car accident about three years ago. I have some nerve damage on my face, so I get a lot of tugging at the eye and a lot of eye twitching. So I kind of just wanna see if theres something I can do just to relieve that a little bit. On July, 2016 I got hit by a drunk driver. It was a Friday night I asked my boyfriend Axel if he can take me to get food. A car came through the intersection on a red light and rammed right into us on the passengers side. I really just remember the glass shattering and flying through the car. I looked down and blood started just dripping down all over my lap, and thats when I realized I was injured. So is that some of the eye twitching that were seeing there now? Yes. And thats actually good thing. So were getting that nerve to stimulate, and then were gonna get it to calm down. After the accident, the surgeon basically just wanted to clean me up. He pretty much just took all the glass out of my face, and he stitched me up. I was told that Ill probably never have my smile back again, and they told me also that I have nerve damage. How are you feeling now that youre sitting up? I feel a lot of tension released. Good. Yeah. I didnt see what I looked like until, I believe, is two days in. I looked in the mirror, and I couldnt believe it that that was how bad my face looked. I feel like I saw, like, a monster, like a just deformed person. It was hard. It was hard to see my mom come in to the room and just see, like, the heartbreak on her face. And just, like, I feel like that killed me more than, like, my me and how I felt. So this basically was a MVA, motor vehicle accident. Oh... With glass in her face. Trauma to her face. Take a peek. Here she is. Lets see what she looks like now. So looks like she has some residual fullness from whatever that was. That-- Thats gonna be fascinating. All right, well, lets get her in. Okay? Very interesting. Can you please send in Brontee? Brontee. Hi. Its nice to meet you. Nice to meet you. How are you? Dr. Nassif. Good. Im Terry Dubrow. What is it? Axel. Brontee. Pleasure to meet you. Axel. So all we have is a few photos. And obviously we see the scaring stuff. What happened? Three years ago we were involved in a car accident, a drunk driver had hit us. She blew a .24, a blood alcohol. 0.18. I think it was .18. Wow. Still its more than twice the legal limit. Still, yeah, twice the limit, though, yeah. And also tested positive for cocaine as well. - Whoa. - Yeah, The window smashed, and my face took the impact of the glass. So the glass sliced right through your cheek. Yeah. You didnt have any injuries. - No. No, not really. - Really? Just a couple scrapes. You got taken to ER by paramedics? Yes, they didnt have a surgeon on duty, and they had to wait until the surgeon came in at about 7:00. Did any of the emergency room physicians try to just remove some of the glass, especially if it was pretty superficial? I think they just wrapped it up, and they were just trying to control the bleeding, so I just pretty much continued bleeding throughout the night. What time did you get there? Around midnight, a little after midnight. So besides having an open wound with glass, you were bleeding all night long. - Mm-hm. - Yeah. Bleeding. Brontee had many problems relating to waiting all night for a doctor to come in. One, she was bleeding all night. That couldve stopped if the doctor closed it. Two, the risk of infection goes up. Three, theres a possibility that it could increase scar formation if you wait too long. The doctor shouldve gotten his ass in there a lot sooner. And youve not had any other procedures since then. I have not. It was actually the lieutenant of the police department, the traffic department, told me to go ahead and reach out to you guys. Howd you know him? Hes familiar with the accident. He made a point to come and introduce himself to me, and hes the one-- Its actually-- at one of her court hearings there was-- how many? How many cops? Cops came? I was surrounded by police officers. Mind you, these are officers that she doesnt even know that werent involved directly in the accident, they came just to support her. Im eternally grateful for the support that Ive received from the police department. Theyve helped me tremendously. I would not be here today if it wasnt for the police department. How did this heal? What complications or what after effects have you had from the injury? Well, the bulkiness in my cheek effected my smile, so whenever I would try to, my cheek will push on to-- I feel like it basically is pushing my mouth back, so its like kinda like, "No, I dont want you to smile." Like the sensation that its pushing on you. Yeah. Like I feel like my face is, like, fighting back at me smiling. That really bothers me. I noticed since we were sitting here, you had a little blepharospasm. Your lower eyelid here was... Yes. Is that from the accident? Thats from the accident, yes. There was a chance that some of those muscles got cut. What do you guys do for the fun there? Like to go out to the bars. Serving looks. This is a little serve-looks test, ready? Do it. What is that? The pec muscles completely been eaten alive by the infection to the point where she basically doesnt have one anymore. All right, let me talk about your smile, what you think that is the problem. I can, like, feel it. Okay, you feel tension. I can, yeah. Well, it looks like youre smiling. I do still feel the pressure from my cheek pushing on it. All right, turn your head that way. Theres-- Theres a lot of skin laxity. Yeah. Right now we can see this little muscle. That muscles twitching most likely from some of the trauma even though usually it comes off and goes right around through here. Youve never noticed a twitching in this zone? Oh, she twitches here. I do? - Yeah. - Blink your eyes. There you go. You see this twitch? Yeah, theres your synkinesis right here. This is called synkinesis. Brontee has a classic case of what we call synkinesis, where the growth of the nerves after the injury caused abnormal connections to the muscles and give you abnormal movements. So regards to your nerves, that can be improved, but weve not sure. And we have to see what is causing that fullness. Is it extra skin? Just kind of pushed up like a big pin cushion? Or is it scar tissue? Is it the buccal fat pad, which is the little fat pad that lives inside your cheek? Did that get exposed so the little fats sticking out? You see this? Depression in this little area? One thing that we can do is add a little bit of fat. By doing that, can we somewhat try to make it symmetric like this side? Probably not perfect, but if I can actually improve that 40, 50, 60%, are you going to be happy? I will be ecstatic. Theres a very small chance that I can make your smile worse. Cause one of the nerves in this area can be superficial, and it can be injured. You were the victim of a drunk driver. And thats not right. And that, we have to do something about. Im on board. What color you gonna get, girl? I dont know. Its like a good Ferrari red. Do you remember when we first met? Yeah, you had on your pajamas and you Louboutins. Pajamas and Louboutins-- no I didnt. At least you had the red bottoms, baby. Nicoles a really good friend of mine. She told me about doctors. She told me about surgeries. She told me about risks. A Google search is not enough to make you feel comfortable when its your face and your body. I dont know whats going on with my nose, like someone was like, "Oh, youre de-transitioning," and I was like, "Excuse me?" Tried it. Tried it. You know, like, I had originally, like, used Gigi as an inspiration. For your surgery? You know, like for my surgery, yeah, because I was just, like, I dont wanna do the nose job, but it feminizes the face. Unfortunately, its not working out in my favor. If the doctors are able to help Kyleigh, I think its definitely gonna boost her self-esteem and make her feel like, you know, less like a freak, and just like a normal person again. So, like, after youre gonna fix your nose, are you done, bitch? She feels complete, like I feel, like, really good. I just want it to be, you know, like a functional nose thats not going to be something that I have to maintain. I support you, bitch. Did you get new boob? Maybe a little. Maybe a little bit. Yeah, you clocked it. Todays your big day. I cant wait. Im so excited. I also wrote something for you. "I know you have endured and battled in silence for years. In a few hours you will regain the you that was lost and revolve to become what you were destined to be." That was so sweet. Youre the best. And I promise Ill never keep anything from you again. I feel so relieved that I shared my story with my best friend Esmeralda. Shes been a rock and has just made it easier for me to open up. Hi, Tanya. Hi. How are you? Im good. Put it there. So we have some stuff to do today. So lets figure this thing out. The toughest part is going to be matching this inner portion to whatever inner portion comes out on the left breast. Should we call in the cavalry? Okay. For Tanyas surgery, Im going to start by opening up the left breast, inserting an implant while trying to recreate her inframammary crease by manipulating the scar tissue and finally giving her a breast lift. On the right breast, I will make an incision around her areola, remove her old implant, and then insert a smaller one and perform a breast lift, leaving Tanya with two symmetrical breasts. Dr. Terry Dubrow reporting for duty. We have a rescue mission to accomplish today. Were gonna rescue that left breast. All right, so lets start on the left side. Wow, the pec muscles completely been eaten alive by the infection to the point where she basically doesnt have one anymore, which is gonna make it really hard to give her a shape down there. I need to think of a creative way of giving Tanya the lower inner portion of her breast contour because shes lost so much soft tissue in there just putting an implant alone wont work. I think what Im gonna do is create a super defined pocket that basically displaces this implant over there, forcing the shape onto that side. What is your major malfunction, left breast? Okay, so Ive narrowed the pocket, hopefully pushing the implant towards the cleavage area. Heres a 615, bigger than I thought Id use, but I didnt realize she had lost so much breast tissue. All right, weve got a pocket, weve got a shape, weve got an inner cleavage area. I think I found a creative way to actually give Tanya an inner breast contour by creating a wall on the outer portion, pushing the implant over, giving her a breast crease. Now all I have to do is tighten the skin and then go over to the other side, and I should have a good symmetrical result. Lets go on the other side and start downsizing. So lets use the 445. Okay, so thisll give us projection. That should equal her left side, so I have to downsize the actual breast tissue now. Ive used everything in my armamentarium to defeat the enemy, and now all I have to do... is celebrate my victory. Weve got about the same size, definitely the same shape. Thats a good thing. Okay, lets close. Over the next few months my nose got flat. The doctor took too much cartilage. And now its just too small for you. Yeah. Thank you guys so much for being here. You guys are a great support system. Dont make me cry. I got this far. Just so sorry that you had to go through this. Brontee? Dr. Nassif is ready to see you now. All right. Baby. Ill see you guys in a while. Where are you going? Okay, okay, okay. I have a bunch of mixed emotions Im feeling today. Im a little bit nervous just because my previous experience, but I have my mom, my dad, and my boyfriend here, so it makes me just feel, like, a sense of relief just to know that theyre gonna be right there waiting for me. Brontees case looks straight forward except we just dont know what the fullness is. Once we get inside, theres always a little something that we just dont expect. And well have to see if that happens today with Brontee. Today, for Brontees surgery, my team is going to start by harvesting fat from her stomach. Next Im going to open her cheek along her old incision, explore the area underneath and remove whatevers causing the fullness. I will then pull the skin tight, remove any excess skin, and close the incision. Finally we will inject the fat from her stomach into the depression on her cheek. Any fat coming out? - Yeah. - Yeah. Thats actually a lot. Wow. Okay, lets make an incision into the face. Okay, so what were doing is were elevating the skin flap. I just have to do it very carefully. I dont wanna injure a nerve. We wanna keep everything down so we can see exactly whats causing the fullness. You can see how you have that fullness there? And this is where shes getting a lot of the movement of synkinesis. I dont really see a lot of scar tissue. I see a normal amount of scar tissue. So it looks like the trauma did not extend all the way up onto her cheek. Its just right in that incision there, so she got very lucky. Were gonna treat this like a facelift. Its almost like a little bit of tightening, and then we can take off whatevers excess skin. Yeah. Its not buccal fat, not fluid, not scar tissue. Its pretty much excess skin that has been created from the trap door deformity. When you close a big wound like that, sometimes you get scar contraction, which causes this excess skin to occur, and all we have to do is just cut it out. Okay, so heres the fat. For the area in the right upper cheek, which is pressed in, I wonder if thats gonna help with any of the synkinesis shes having. With that cannula going in and out, I hope its gonna disturb some of those aberrant nerves that are actually causing this twitching around her cheek and her eye and also relieve pressure off the smile, but only time will tell. Theres a lot more fullness-- Well, this fullness is actually just from the sharp needle. Yeah. Okay. And swelling of the skin. All right. Its gonna take months before she can even start seeing some improvement. So you know where we are, right? Yeah. This is Peishas vocal studios. And, you know, since you keep making fun of me, I wanted you to see how hard this is. Okay. ♪ Whoo! Hello. Look whos here? Peisha, Terry Dubrow. Hi. How are you? So nice to meet you. Nice to meet you. Hello, my darling. Hi. Mwah. Welcome back. I know. Welcome back. I havent seen you for so long. You look so much like your daughter. Thank you. I mean, you could be sisters. Ive been taking singing lessons from Peisha, who is Katherine McPhees mom. She just married my buddy David Foster. Aah. So what is this warm-up called, the death of sound? Are my ears bleeding? Come on up here, baby. No. Come on up. I cant sing at all, but my brother was actually a famous singer. Can you sing "Happy Birthday" for me? How about... Yeah, youre a little... I cant do it. Not so easy, is it, Terry? Do you make him sign an NDA that you werent actually his teacher? Lets go. We got a job. Cause I would. Im just being honest with you. Okay, so heres Kyleigh. She is transgender. Nice sharp jaw line. Feminine. Yeah. Lips, the ears are small and cute. Eyebrow. The issue here is the nose. So she feels like the nose has been overdone. Mm. Lets find out. Yeah. Can you please send in Kyleigh? Hi. Kyleigh, how are you? Good, how are you? Im Dr. Nassif. Nicole. Nice to meet you. Hi, Nicole. Terry Dubrow. Pleasure. Hi. Please, you two, have a seat. See that over there? What? Col-- Colorado. - Boy, youre a big fan, huh? - Denvers fun. Yeah, we lived there. Denvers a fun place. Okay, so whats-- what do you guys do for fun, then? Like to go out to the bars. Servings looks. "Serve looks" means, like... "Mm-hm." Yeah. That kind of thing? Oh. When you serve a look, you know, you just walk into a room, and if you see someone else who just doesnt look up to par, you just kind of give them a little... up and down like that. You know? This is a little serve looks test, right? Do it. What is that? Is that the best you can do, Terry? I can out-serve you any day. So youre here for your nose. Yes. Correct? How old were you when you first started to transition? Twenty. Twenty. Yeah. So I had a rhinoplasty, mentoplasty, and bilateral breast augmentation. Everything looked perfect. Then, over the next few months, my nose got flat. Oh. When you overdo the nose, the doctor takes out too much cartilage. When that happens, the nose is going to collapse, its gonna shrink, its gonna get flat, exactly what happened to Kyleighs nose. So I went to a doctor. I had seen somebody else who had gotten a nonsurgical rhinoplasty. And he injected you. Yeah. So youre trying to achieve more basically normal appearing nose, and now its just too small for you? Im, like, the only person, I feel like, thats ever asked for someone to make my nose bigger. But its, like, in reality, like its the truth. Yeah. So what we need to do, we need to examine it. Play with it. And do all that. Do everything you want with it. And then... Lets go do that. I like that idea of reconstructing the nose. I do it all the time. But I cant do it now. I created a wall, and thats gotta hurt. It hurts. It hurts. All right, hold on. Your nose feels really soft. It almost feels like theres filler all the way up there. Ooh, yeah. Yes, there is. Theres filler all the way up to the dorsum. Okay, in the middle of all this. I literally, like, sometimes in the morning, like, feel like I have to, like, pinch my nose. to make it stay, like, up. Im gonna stare inside. The inside of Kyleighs nose actually looks pretty good. Her septum is straight. The turbinates look good. However, when I touch the outside of her nose, I can still theres a lot of filler in there. When did you have that filler put in your nose? Sixteen months ago. Yeah, I mean, that can last, you know, up to 2 1/2 to three years. Now, I like that idea of reconstructing the nose. I do it all the time. But I cant do it now. Transition is, like, a phase, and then you get to be you. And I want that phase to be over because Im ready for it. Wait, wait, wait-- Now, hold on. Im not finished. Its not bad news. Its not bad news. You go-- Listen, hes not giving you bad news. Oh, no? Giving you good news. I told you I want to help you, but risks of the filler is that even when you dissolve it, theres particle left, especially around this side, when doing an open rhinoplasty. For me to do your nose, I have to do an open rhinoplasty. I gotta see everything. Yeah. I want everything gone so I can put a little cartilage here, a little cartilage here. I wanna do all that for you, but what I need from you is a little more time. I need you to give me about another eight more months, get everything out, let your body dissolve it. Can you do that? Yeah. Im used to getting a lot of crazy requests from patients, but I like Kyleigh. I want to help her with the transition. I want her to feel more confident and good about herself. However, we just need to give it more time. We gotta wait for the filler to dissolve, and then Ill be able to help her. Nicole, what do you think of what I said? I think it sounds like a good idea to be safe, make sure it can be done right, so... Instead of just rushing it to fix it. Which were not. Right? So I know youve been through a lot. But you look fantastic. You guys go have fun? You can give these dirty looks to all the girls for a little while more, and then Ill help you. Yeah. Are you happy with that answer? Be happy. Right? Just turn to the side. Ready? Hows that? Thats good. Served... heavily. He serves. Great meeting you. Thank you. Thank you so much. Thank you. Thank you. So nice to meet you. To meet two plastic surgeons who legitimately care about their patients is incredible to me. I couldnt be more appreciative. Dr. Nassif, Im coming back because I need you to fix my nose. Well, at least its gonna help in a few months, girl. New nose, new you. Miss Gorgeous. Shut up. Hi. Oh, the swellings coming down. So were going to do another ultrasound today, right? Yes. A little lymphatic massage. Yeah, let me get some gloves. Its been about a week since Brontees surgery, and the last time I saw her, her twitching around her cheek and her eye was a lot better. Smile. Pucker. Theres no synkinesis. Say, "One, two, three, four, five." One, two, three, four, five. My god. So right now I dont wanna get excited... I know. ...but right now there is no synkinesis. Not only, that, your nerve function looks... What? ...like its normalized. Lets face it, Youre gonna have prolonged swelling. That-That-- It-It-- This is gonna take some time. Lets turn on the ultrasound machine and get going. Okay. Even though Brontees nerves are a lot better, she still has a lot of swelling around her cheek, so Im gonna do some ultrasound and lymphatic massage to help get that swelling down. But even with the ultrasound, it could actually take at least a year to have things settle down. What exactly is it supposed to do? So the purpose of ultrasound is it heats up the tissues, so it increases blood flow, so its going to help speed up the recovery process. by limiting and reducing that inflammation. It means everything to me that Dr. Nassif is helping with the swelling. That was something that was really hard to kind of deal with first time around. That makes me really hopeful for the future. At one point-- moment, I was like, Oh, my god, did my suture come out? And then I looked, and Im like, "Oh, no, theyre just so pristine." So one thing that Dr. Peng and I do is we operate together. And we both put sutures in, so if you draw a line right in the middle of the suture, one side is one doctor, the other sides the other doctor. I want you to say what side do you like better? Um... No pressure. Guess we can have a look. Maybe the left-- or this side? All right, Im taking it away from you. Oh, no. Im just kidding. That side. Hello, young lady. How you doing? Good. Your lower lip is not moving. Hurting. Out here. Its mostly this side, of course. So even though you didnt have any of your normal breast architecture and normal connective tissue that gives a breast its shape, I created a wall on the outer portion of your breast, forcing the implant over to the inside, and thats gotta hurt. It hurts. It hurts. So then I put a 615cc implant, and it needed every cc of that 615 to give you some projection and some width and some semblance of a shape. All right, so lets take a look and see whats going on. Be gentle. I will. I promise, I will. Okay, thats totally-- Thats a pretty breast, huh? Yes. I have two boobs. By the way, I dont want to good mouth this because-- but this is gonna be something special if this stays. Wow, it took six hours, but its worth every minute. Left breast up, not left breast down anymore. I know. The thought of having two breasts right now makes me feel like Im on top of the world. I genuinely love you guys. You are so talented. Thank you so much. Youre so welcome. Give us a little hug. Come on. Yeah, yeah. For the first time in a long time I have my smile back. Baby, you look beautiful. Dr. Nassif, Dr. Dubrow are put on earth to be angels and help people like me. Hey, guys. Hi. Before my surgery, I had to deal with a lot of challenges, just the way it felt about myself, they way I saw myself. It was really hard. So this is the first time since my car accident, where Im feeling a hundred percent confident now I know its gonna take some time for the swelling to go down completely, a hundred percent, but Dr. Nassif gave me my old self back again. I just wanna thank all you guys just for being so supportive. We all lover her. Shes our little sister. We just want the best for her. Brontees great. Shes a great employee. Were proud of her and were happy to have her part of our team. Thank you so much for saying that. Thats great. Its my pleasure. My god. Babe, you look beautiful. I am so surprised. I walk out and not only are my parents there, and Axel, but so many people that have been supporting me from day one. Im so happy to see them. Oh, my god. Were you really surprised? Yes. Welcome back, Brontee. You guys are here. To see the two police officers that didnt have to help me but wanted to help me, Im so ecstatic to see them. I just feel so blessed to have them in my life. I have to give it to you for going out of your way and doing everything you can to serve the justice that I deserve to get. Well, you did, and you-- With dogged determination that you showed in court and going for all these years. Were very proud of you as well. Before my surgery, my right cheek was bulky from the accident. Whenever I would try to smile, my face was pushing back at me, and I had a constant eye twitch that really bothered me. Now, thanks to Dr. Nassif, my twitch has improved and even though Im still healing, and I feel like my cheek looks more normal and for the first time in a long time I have my smile back. Love you, Brontee! Dr. Nassif, Dr. Dubrow, theyve changed my life. I am forever grateful to them. I hope that they know that they are, like, put on earth to be angels and help people like me. Knowing what Tanyas been through, it makes me so excited to see her. Just opening up is a big step. We still can see that shes so independent, shes so brave and fearless. Shes just so humble, so down to earth, like Id be showing off. Heck, yeah, I drive this. Honestly, Ive never been near a helicopter before. I didnt realize it was this big. And just seeing this stuff over here, Im thinking, What are these, parachutes? Would you jump? Heck no. I love Dr. Dubrows work. Hes amazing. I have my life back. I feel like I can tackle anything now. I feel absolutely ready to go on any and every deployment I feel stronger than ever. Hey, guys! Hi. You look beautiful. So now that you guys know everything thats happened, I am so glad I did it. I feel amazing. And I just appreciate more than I can ever explain. Thank you so much. Im glad you got this. Seriously. You look beautiful. Thank you. At the beginning of the journey, I didnt think any of this was possible. I didnt think that she would have able to smile and radiate so much confidence. You got my best friend back. I havent worn a tank top in seven years. Just embrace it. Be happy, enjoy, go out there and flaunt it, girl. When I pictured getting help, I had a vision at the end. Do you guys wanna hop in? I do. And Ive made it. I have my closest friends, Black Hawk, and great boobs. Before my surgery, I had no left breast, and I had to wear a prosthetic every day. I had the complication for seven years because I was ashamed of the decisions that I had made. It took me so long to get ready for work because I had to put on several lawyers of clothing just to hide what I look like. And now, thanks to Dr. Dubrow, my left breast is no longer missing in action. You guys mean the world to me and thats why youre here. Thats why I thought it was important for you to be the first people to know and share the good news with. - Time for a group hug? - Yeah! You guys might know me from Cartel Crew, but Im here to talk about my ass. My whole family used to be in the cartel. Did they know Pablo Escobar? And I may subject her to dangerous plastic surgery. Should I have my head examined? Youve had 10 rhinoplasties? Your breathing never got better? No. No one has improved her breathing. What the hell is going on in there? A dentist did your breast augmentation. The label fell off. I didnt even think that was possible. If youd like to be considered for Botched, 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 