Botched: Season 6, Episode 1 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Botched 
 s6e1 - I Love New Boobs - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Botched (2014–…): Season 6, Episode 1 - I Love New Boobs - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Ah! My two favorite doctors in the whole wide world! Shes back. [narrator] Botched is back. Always more sprinkles. [narrator] And Dr. Nassif and Dr. Dubrows patients are more outrageous. [woman] My butt is making me flip out. [laughing] Thank you for seeing me. [giggles] Oh, that is an ass that snitched. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Hola! Ive spent nearly $200,000 transforming from a male to a walking, talking Bratz doll. All I wanted was a big booty. Your vagina is gaining weight? Im getting a fat nun. Yeah. These are my big, ginormous, dick pillows. Im plastic fantastic and obsessed with plastic surgery. Hell, yeah, Ill get my surgeries until Im in my grave. [Dr. Dubrow] If you continue on this plastic-surgery train, the next station is disaster. [narrator] And more challenging then ever. I have pubic hair growing out of my cheeks. I have two sets of breast implants. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Its forbidden. [narrator] Can the best in plastic surgery solve these impossible cases? [Dr. Nassif] The nose completely collapsed. Now Im just nervous. [Dr. Dubrow] What is that? Ew! Thats disgusting. This looks like a silicone bomb has exploded. [Dr. Nassif] This is now a reportable case. [Dr. Dubrow] Oh, my God, look at that. [Dr. Nassif] Oh [beep]! [narrator] And give patients the results theyve always dreamed of? Thank you so much. [Dr. Dubrow] You can hug me. Youre welcome. [cheering] [woman] Wow, look at that bum! [kids screaming] Dont grab em-- [Dr. Dubrow] But-- But wait a minute. [laughing] ♪ I wanna be sexy ♪ ♪ I wanna be hot ♪ ♪ Fix me, make me beautiful ♪ ♪ I wanna be perfect ♪ Seriously. Yall know me, Im the one that started this [beep]. Okay? Tiffany "New York" Pollard, the original HBIC. You may know me from "The Flavor of Love," "I Love New York," "New York Goes to Work," "New York Goes to Hollywood," and Im back to talk about the troubles Ive been having with my titties. I love that word. Titties, titties, titties. Once upon a time, about four years ago, I had to come see Dr. Dubrow and Dr. Nassif because I was a absolute wreck. [Dr. Nassif] Oh, you actually have a deviated septum. And my breasts were pouring down so low, I was just turning into a mudslide. [Dr. Dubrow] So youre-- [Dr. Nassif] 11. [Dr. Dubrow] 11 centimeters lower than you should be. This is not an easy case. Okay. Dr. Nassif and Dr. Dubrow were the right doctors to help me through my journey. [cheering] [woman] Thats my girl right there! Oh, my Gosh, I just love them so much! Theyre my angels in white coats. Dr. Dubrow did my breast augmentation last time, and he did a perfect job. But when I currently look at my breasts now, they literally remind me of Snoopys ears on my chest. When Dr. Dubrow first did my breasts, he warned me of possible complications. Then, as the months went on, the sliding and the dropping started to occur. It seemed like month by month they would get lower and lower and lower. So Im going back so I can get some answers. Also I believe my breast implants are actually making me sick. Ive been very lightheaded, burning in my stomach, hard to concentrate. A lot of the doctors just blew me off. It made it see like they just thought, "Hey youre having an anxiety attack." And they would draw blood, nothing. They just couldnt find anything. Like seriously, like, in the mornings, soon as I get up, I have diarrhea in the morning. I didnt know all that was going on. You didnt hear me or smell me? No, I would have let you know. Okay. Im starting to feel nervous, like maybe breast implants and myself dont mix. Im tryna figure out if I take my implants out, if Im gonna get healthier. I know this played a big part of who "New York" is, but underneath that, theres still Tiffany. Yeah. Oh, my gosh, taking out the implants is so scary for me because Im losing an energy. Like this is a really big thing for me, to go back just fully natural. Im hoping Im gonna be able to sit up high and perky on my own naturally. Oh my, thatd be amazing! ♪ Gotta get out ♪ ♪ Gotta break through ♪ ♪ Life is like handcuffs ♪ ♪ Dont wanna get loose ♪ Lets give that one more shot. Yeah, lets give that one more shot. Im Jonathan. Im 29 years old from Vancouver, Canada, and these are my big, ginormous dick pillows, D-S-L: dick sucking lips, okay? Theyre huge. I dont need them to be bigger anymore. I just want it to be normal. Not basic normal, not basic. When I saw Dr. Dubrow and Dr. Nassif last time, they actually rejected me. I dont even know whats the size that I want. I just want them bigger. You know what I mean? Really? [Jonathan] I just keep-- I feel like every time I get them bigger, I just keep wanting them to be bigger and bigger. We think youre very, very close to that tipping point, where you could go from okay, okay, okay to complete disaster. I did end up going bigger after seeing them. I was at already 11 vial of lip fillers, which equals to 11cc in my lips at the time. I kept going and going and going every three months. I went to different doctors every single time. I would go for a full vial, which is a lot of fillers. I was like, "Girl, Im gonna go all the way. Go hard or go home, okay?" In total I have 17 vials in my lips, which is crazy a lot. I regret not taking Dr. Nassif and Dr. Dubrows advice. You know, Ive been dancing and singing my whole life, and now people dont take me seriously when I tell them Im a performer. The big lips just kinda scream like superficial and fake looking. They are a distraction, and in order for me to get my career back, I need natural lips. So I stopped getting the injection and after not getting lip injection for over a year, theyre still so big. I was told my lip injection was temporary, but look at this. My lips are affecting me physically, I cant fully close my mouth. See what Im saying? You see that? Couple of times I actually drooled when I was looking down reading from my phone or reading a magazine. What am I, a baby? Like, that is not a good look. That is not the attention that I want, girl! ♪ I just want to dan dan dance ♪ Tens across the board. [Jonathan] I think Dr. Dubrow and Dr. Nassif are gonna think like, "I told you so, girl." I mean, they told me to stop, but I didnt stop. [laughing] Girl, Im crazy. Okay? You know when you called me a flying squirrel when you grabbed my neck? [squeaking] You could be a flying squirrel. [flapping noises] Come here, take a look. [laughing] You had surgery? You had surgery? Are you [beep] kidding me? I just went and had a deep plane facelift less than 24 hours ago. Terry keeps making fun of me with that neck. Oh, you blamed me for your facelift. Dont even blame your desire to have cosmetic surgery on me. Paul, Id tell you to grow thicker skin, but I dont wanna be responsible for your next surgical procedure. I have a really interesting case. [Dr. Nassif] Tiffany Pollard. [Dr. Dubrow] Yes! Right? [Dr. Nassif] I did her nose. [Dr. Nassif] Yeah, and her breasts dont look good. [Dr. Dubrow] They dont look good. So the question is-- is this related to something that I did, Tiffany did, or related to something else? Can you please send in Tiffany? Ah! My two favorite doctors in the whole world. [Dr. Dubrow] Shes back! [Tiffany] Seeing Dr. Dubrow and Dr. Nassif, its like a reunion, and it feels so good to just be back in that room with them. I must say you look honestly-- Yall better stop for real! Except for the nose, you look amazing. Nose looks-- I dont even notice about the nose. Your nose has even gotten smaller since last time Ive seen it. Did it? It shrunk. Your tip has gotten very small. I like a big tip. But I guess on the nose its okay to-- Boom! ...to keep a small tip. So whats up-- by the way, I know youre here to talk about your breasts. Give me a quick 4-1-1 of whats happening to your life? [Tiffany] Oh, gosh, Ive been getting sick. Diarrhea every morning like clockwork, dizzy, panic attacks, and then my girlfriend had her implants removed because theres this list that was going around the internet, "Breast Implant Illness." Yes, yes. Thats right, BII. Whats BII? Breast Implant Illness. Oh, okay. [laughing] Uh-oh short-term memory loss. Is that one of the symptoms? Another symptom. Theres a Facebook group, I think theres about 46,000 women... Oh, boy. [Dr. Dubrow] ...who have come together complaining of all of these symptoms, and if enough people have it, its a real thing, lets face it, right? The most rapidly expanding part of my practice is taking breast implants out for patients who think they may have Breast Implant Illness. The truth is, when you put a foreign body into a human, it can have a lot of reactions to it, and you can get a lot of the kinds of things that were seeing in Tiffany. Weve seen your pictures, and your breasts have really changed. Its so hard because when you first fixed them, they were like everything I ever wanted. But then as the time would go on and on, theyve slid down. So are you saying you want the implants out? Im so scarred, I dont know. I just still wanna feel really feminine and full busted. Can I see myself as the HBIC and be organic? I believe I can do it. I just dont wanna look flat. Can I do it? Lets go examine her? Lets go look. Make no mistake, even though I have a lot of experience doing it, its challenging. Boom, huh... Boom, huh... Boom, huh... Damn, Dubrow, I didnt know you can dance like that. ♪ I wanna be perfect ♪ Okay, we did a lift and the scars got a little wide because of the weight of the implant. They also stretched out the skin much more on this one than this one. The fact that Tiffanys breast skin has stretched so much since I operated on her, may indicate that she has a genetic predisposition towards stretching of the skin. At the end of the day, the body does what the body wants to do. Lets go through this, take the implants out, and then take the breasts apart to try to origami them into a nice shape. Please origami them! I want them high. All kidding aside, okay? All right. That is one of my most popular procedures, but make no mistake, even though I have a lot of experience doing it, its challenging. When youve had implants in for a long period of time, it changes the basic nature of the breast tissue. It can be very challenging to get a good breast shape. You have to figure out a way creatively, to do something with that stretched out breast tissue, make a pillow out of the pillow case. That would be impossible. Lately Ive been doing a little pillow making. I thought it was pillow biting for you. [Dr. Dubrow] Oh... Wait now, whats going on there? [laughing] Wow, he made a joke. And it was funny. Take that, Terry. Its the new me, baby. You know what the chances are of you having a breast implant complication when you dont have breast implants? Zero. Yes. You know, breast implants are great and they suck. And plastic surgeons dont wanna talk about that side. Thats why I love you. Youre real. Ill make you a deal. Okay. [Dr. Dubrow] We do this together if you want to. I want you to continue with everyone who knows you, talk about the truth about breast implants and how its not necessarily for everyone. All right. [Dr. Dubrow] Because plastic surgeons love to sugar-coat breast implants. You know that. [Tiffany] Youre right, youre right, youre right. And I will do that. [Dr. Dubrow] In Tiffanys case because she has a lot of breast implant illness symptoms, if we can remove those implants and give her a good breast shape and symmetry, she has a big public following, and she can tell people to maybe think twice about having breast augmentation. [Tiffany] Im so excited. Im gonna take really good care of you, give me a hug. Thank you so much! Thank you! Come on. My hug now. Aw... [Gia] By day I am single mom taking care of two kids, working my nine to five. And by night I am Gia Gotham, crazy cosplay girl. I live a double life, but we both share these big, busted boobs. I just feel like these girls are not on the same page whatsoever. Theres a major size difference. I need them to match. I really dont give a [beep] when Im Gia. Ive done the Harley Quinn and my own take on the Joker. Pam Anderson in "Scary Movie 3," I did kind of a spoof of that. Hello? Youre in the house? Body modification became a thing of interest for me with just some of my idols, like, growing up. Pam Anderson and Elvira, like, I just saw that aesthetic, and I was just blown away by it. I think I pretty much decided from an early age that I was gonna get my boobs done as soon I could. So when I was 20, I was larger and curvier, and the doctor I went to told me hed go as big as he could. And he was kind of stoked that I, like, actually had a lot of tissue, and he went up to 960 for my very first surgery. I was his largest creation. Ive always been obnoxious, and then it was, like, my outside matched, like, who I was, and at the same time I was, like, still wanting to go even bigger. So I went from my old 960cc implants to 1650ccs. And then I was like, "I kind of want these even bigger." So I went up to 2050ccs and got some lip implants, too. And I decided to kind of throw in a little extra obnoxiousness, getting my tongue split. After my last breast surgery in 2013, I had definitely ballooned up to over 300 pounds, and then I had gastric bypass surgery. The weight started falling off really, really quickly. As the weight started falling off, I started waking up. I discovered, you know, cosplay, taking on a whole new persona. I go by Gia Gotham-- just became an escape for me. Right now, Im definitely concerned with the size difference between my implants. In, like, the last, like, six months, the more weight I started losing, my breasts were not really best friends anymore, like, just they werent matching. So I wanna see Dr. Nassif and Dr. Dubrow because they will be able to tell me without any bull[beep] whats going on and help me correct the asymmetry that I have because as much as Im living my own double life, my boobs are also living their own double life in an alternate universe. So a few years ago we saw a patient named Jonathan. And here he is and take a look at him. You should remember his lips. Oh. Look at him. We told him, "Put a fork in it." He did not listen to us. Lets get him in here, and lets see what hes doing. Can you please send in Jonathan? Im back [Dr. Nassif] Yes, you are. Oh, my God, how are you guys? Whats happening? [Jonathan] Hi, Dr. Dubrow. Its good to see you. Its very special when patients come back to see us, like Tiffany and Jonathan. It just makes everything worth it. Its fantastic. I didnt take you guys' advice last time. I went bigger with my lips after. So in total I have about 17 vials in my lips. I dont think weve ever heard of that... Really? ...in such a small area. Thats record breaking. A normal amount of filler in the lips is about 1cc or one syringe. Putting 17 syringes into your lips? Im shocked that Jonathans lips didnt explode. Jonathan, not a good move. Now, you guys are best friends. Do you work together? We met go-go dancing back in the day. Then wed gone on tour with a couple of Canadian pop singers. So what do you do when youre a go-go dancer? You do a certain kind of dance, right? [Jonathan] You just dance sexy. Well, no, just keep the crowd hyped. We did that. In cages, on the bar, or on a podium. I know what you want. I wanna see you go-go dance. Yep. No, not me. No, I was hoping maybe give me some go-go dance tips. I think-- I can do it for my wife at home. Thats-- Oh, for sure. This is for you, Heather. Daddys gonna learn how to dance. Okay, and youre gonna go in, okay, around, up. Now put your body through it and sit. Now do it fast with me. Boom. Like that, see, wa-- you go... Boom, huh... Boom, huh... Boom, huh... [continuing] [Jonathan] There you go. Damn, Dubrow, I didnt know you could dance like that. Okay, I see you, boo. Im gonna start calling you Dirty Dancing Dubrow. How about that? [Dr. Nassif] Appreciate that, thank you. No worries. On a more serious note, how longs it been since youve had an injection? About 13 months. What is the filler? Is it hyaluronic acid? Its Juvéderm. Hyaluronic acid, yes. You did not go permanent then, right? Thank God. No, I didnt. Normally, hyaluronic acid, the most common lip filler thats used, will dissolve almost completely by about 12 or 13 months. The fact that Jonathan still has a large amount of filler indicates there may be something else going on. Are you gonna try to go more natural? I am, I actually turned 30 today. Todays my birthday. Its his birthday. [both] Happy birthday. Yes, thank you. I feel like Im going back to my original identity. Oh, you wanna just do it? Right now? [Dr. Nassif] Yeah. Boom! Do it right now. What? Girl, what did you just say? You can fix my lips right now? Let us do a quick examination and go from there. Oh, my gosh, is it gonna be okay? I gotta go day drinking after. Its my birthday. Thats so exciting, right now! [Dr. Nassif] Lets do it. Come on. Oh, my God, lets do it, yes. Lets reverse that. With this injection, Jonathans lips should get smaller. Yeah, that didnt work, did it? Im humpin. Youre probably a full C, small D. Dont play with me. ♪ I wanna be perfect ♪ [Dr. Nassif] So you wanna do something, huh? You wanna get these down to, like, this young man? Yes, I want them to be natural looking, I think you have perfect lips. Thanks, man. Perfect naturally plump lips. So lets examine him first. All right. [Jonathan] Yes, lets do this. Im so [beep] shocked that Dr. Dubrow and Dr. Nassif said that they could possibly fix my lips right now. I turn 30 today. Happy [beep] birthday to me, hey. I mean, feel this, feel this right there. Right there, right there. [Dr. Nassif] It does feel like theres some scar tissue. [Dr. Dubrow] It does. [Dr. Nassif] Okay, we can inject hyaluronidase, which is the reversal agent for fillers like Juvéderm. Now, what are the risks with doing this? So lets say filler goes down in certain areas, and the rest of it is scar. Lets say you have scar right here where we felt it. Yeah. Then your lips will be asymmetric. [Jonathan] Right. If that was the case, then its surgery. And that means incisions all the way inside your mouth, across the whole upper and the lower-- You guys are scaring me. Oh, my gosh. [Dr. Nassif] But you have to know that. I know. All right, so you wanna do it? Im gonna take a chance. I think I should. Yeah. Just go for it. With this injection, Jonathans lips should get smaller immediately. If it doesnt, were gonna wanna repeat it again and make sure. However, if nothing works in regards to the injections, then were gonna have to consider surgery. Yeah, that didnt work, did it? No. [Dr. Nassif] So when we do this, we see a little bit more of a reduction immediately. Okay. Right now theres a little bit of thought going through our minds that theres something else going on in there. That is [beep] crazy. Oh, my gosh, I cant believe it. [beep] I dont get shocked easy at all, and Im [beep] shook. I am shook. [Dr. Nassif] Im gonna wanna see you for the next few days for repeat injections. Okay. This is gonna tell us what is real and whats scarred tissue. [Jonathan] Im just hoping that they can dissolve the product without surgery. I dont want anybody cutting any part of my lips, then taking some of my skin off. That is so scary. Wow. Its my 30th birthday. Hey-hey-hey. [laughing] [Gia] Gosh, this is amazing. This is like heaven. [man] What is it youre looking for? What can I help you with? I do cosplay and-- [man] Oh, cool! I sort of wanna do something thats, like, looking like its coming, like, through my skin. I wanna do some take on Poison Ivy. I wanna, like, step it up. [man] Okay. For my cosplay I go by Gia Gotham. The name Gia is actually one of my favorite Angelina Jolie movies and Gotham because Gotham, Batman, Gotham City. How cool would that be, though, if I could get glow in the dark, like big [beep] pumpkins. But its gonna look so uneven. I really feel like I need to get to the bottom of, you know, what is going on. I need the Batman of boobs to help me, to save me. Dr. Dubrow is definitely the Batman of boobies 100%. Like what are you hoping for? Definitely symmetrical, and preferably if I could get them a little bit bigger. Going bigger is not gonna help her in any way, I dont feel like. Theyre gonna look ridiculous. Oh, shes pretty. Shes infected and shes coming for you. Uh-oh, watch out. Look out for her boobs. [Dr. Dubrow] Good morning. I have eye shadow on just for you. Thats how excited I am. I noticed that. She didnt get the memo about the makeup in surgery. But, ladies, I got it and I just didnt care. [laughing] Ive had implants for the past 13 years, and Ive always had complications with them. I am so excited to embark upon this new, healthy phase in my life. You know, I just wanna embrace it and feel beautiful and confident and go in there and get my titties cut out. What I love about where youre at is youre not letting the breast implants define you anymore, because up until this point things like breast implants in a way were part of you. The challenge, though, is we cant just take these out and replace them with pancakes. My boyfriend does like pancakes, but I dont think hes gonna wanna butter these up and eat them, so, like, no. Although its all fun and games with Tiffany, this is an extraordinarily difficult case because without those breast implants, she may feel better, but if she doesnt look good, thats not gonna help her necessarily in the long run. For Tiffanys surgery today, I will make an incision on each breast and remove her current implants. Then I will excise all the extra skin and create new breasts with remaining tissue to give her a nice shape with projection. I will also be giving her a breast lift so that her breasts will sit in the appropriate place on the chest wall. Okay, so lets start by making an incision out here. Lets take these out. Come on, you. So this is what were left with. Not that much to work with, huh? Very flat, the big question mark is can we get some kind of shape out of this breast? Trying to get a good shape out of someone like Tiffany, whos had breast implants in for a long period of time where the tissues been thin and the skin been stretched, is one of the most difficult things to do in plastic surgery. So Im gonna try and staple her breasts up into position to see whether I can get her a reasonable shape and a reasonable size. Well, thats the beginnings of a breast, isnt it? Yes. As long as we can keep it projected. [Dr. Dubrow] Okay, down please. All right, lets take these staples out and commit. Now were actually gonna start removing breast skin. You know, a lot of plastic surgeons wont tell women this-- breast implants are not for everybody. And in Tiffanys case, theyre better left out than put back in. Isnt it funny? Takes 3 1/2 hours to put them in and 12 seconds to take them out. Man, theres about twice as much loose skin on this side as the other. Im concerned I may be able to get a shape but nothing like the other one. No, not good. Not good at all. Ever see this before? Look at that. Lets take this apart and see whats going on. This is literally gonna be twice as much skin removal. What is the main issue that youre concerned with? I would like them to be symmetrical, and-- Go bigger. ♪ I wanna be perfect ♪ [Dr. Dubrow] Man, theres about twice as much loose skin on this side as the other. Im concerned I may be able to get a shape but nothing like the other one. No, not good. Not good at all. This is literally gonna be twice as much skin removal. To be honest, I dont think Ive ever removed this much skin from a single breast before. Look at that, look at that. Its really shocking how much the implant stretched her skin. It just goes to show you theres no guarantee about the surgical result even when the worlds best surgeon did it. Does that look, like, kind of good? Looks really good. [Dr. Dubrow] Not horrible. Okay, lets make some adjustments and then close Miss "New York." Hopefully not only will Tiffany like the way she looks, shell no longer need breast implant surgery because she doesnt have breast implants anymore, and what were really hoping for is that shell end up feeling better. Thats the most important thing. I wanna party and give it all up. See, when your tits dont sag anymore, you recognize your womanhood in a whole new way. My lips feel hella dry. I dont like to meet a man with dry lips. [nurse] That I can help you with. Oh, shes setting the scene. I might have things to do now. Can we go partying? Oh, doctor. How are you? Ive never woken up from a surgery and felt this beautiful. You need to know one thing. What? Youre a rarity. You did not make me a part of the Itty Bitty Tittie Committee. No, I did not. I still feel a little bit of Dolly Parton in my blood. I thank yall so much. Yall-- Look how good you look. And your makeup is still intact. Lord, have mercy. Tiffany is hilarious whether shes coming out of anesthesia or going into anesthesia. Whatever Tiffanys having, Paul should take some, too. Im ready to go clubbing. Our next patient is Gia, and shes very interesting because she had breast surgery and then lost a lot of weight. But it has significantly changed her breasts with all of that weight loss. [Dr. Nassif] Her skin looks like its being troubled by those huge implants. [Dr. Dubrow] Isnt that crazy? Look at these interesting tattoos. Like a leopard or something. Whoa, look at that. Weve got to meet Gia. Can you please send in Gia? Hi. [Dr. Dubrow] Hi, Gia. Nice to meet you. How are you? Terry Dubrow. Nice to meet you. Hi. Meeting Dr. Nassif and Dr. Dubrow is some kind of a different level of likely meeting a celebrity. Im literally gonna be in the presence of greatness today. So this is the character from "Suicide Squad," yes? Are you part of the whole cosplay thing or? [Gia] Definitely. Definitely. Are these tattoos or just painted on, the leopard spots? Oh, tattoos, yeah. [Dr. Dubrow] Because where Ive seen that on people is where they do modification. They do things with their ears or horns or... [Dr. Nassif] Oh, you had the split. Whoa, when did you do that? Right after my son was born. I had a really high pain threshold so it was a good time. But he numbed you up though, right? No. Youre kidding me. Didnt it bleed like crazy? Oh, my God, blood was like, filling up, like, in my throat. [Dr. Nassif] The tongue is a sensitive, strong muscle. And Gia had her tongue sawed in half without numbing medicine? That is insane. Stick it out, straight out. Thats super interesting. Sometimes people notice it when Im talking, especially my nine-to-five job. Its the most awkward thing. Theyll like, "Do you have a snake tongue?" And then Ill stick it out at them. You have a nine-to-five job? I do, I work with the public. You work with the public? Ive a very normal, like, day-time life. Like working my job nine to five, Im a single mom to two kids. By night, the little time I have left, is this. Interesting. [Dr. Dubrow] Gias like a lot of people that are one person by day and another at night. For example, by day Im intense surgeon man. At night you can sometimes find me in Heathers closet wearing her lingerie and binging on bonbons. All right, so Gia, in terms of breast augmentation, how many times have you had that done? Three times, as big as I could go, which was 2050cc. And what we notice in the photos, that you have laxity. [both] And an asymmetry. Yes, and it restricts me a little bit with cosplay, too. Is that what brought you here, the asymmetry? Yeah, what is the main issue that youre concerned with? I love my breasts, but I would like them to be symmetrical, and kind of see, like, if its even possible if I wanted to-- Go bigger [Gia] Go bigger. Theres a reason why the FDA puts a limit on breast size to 800ccs. Clearly if you go larger than that, your risks of complication are extraordinarily and prohibitively too high. Arent you concerned at all about having a problem with the skin or the wounds healing or anything by going bigger? Yeah, thats why Im here to see you. I think the answers to all of those questions that I have and the variables that you have are found in the examination room. [Gia] Cool, sounds good. All right, all right, great. This implant is upside down. This is the back label right there. Serial number 1, 2... [Jonathan] Now, thanks to the doctors, my lips are natural again. Hi, doctors! [Dr. Nassif] Jonathan, look at this man! ♪ I wanna be perfect ♪ Okay, so when we sit back and look at them, the first thing we notice is the left not only is droopier, but it also is much larger. And thats the main thing, right? By the way, this implant is... upside down. Wow. This isnt that much thicker than lower eyelid skin. This is the back label right there. You can see the back label of the implant. Oh, wait-- serial number 1-- no Im just kidding. [laughing] Gias breast implants are so large they have dramatically thinned her skin. And Ive never seen the label on an implant thats upside down. Its extraordinarily rare for me to see something Ive never seen before and I hope I never see again. My bet is this isnt due to a difference in the amount of breast tissue, this asymmetry. This one has a lot more saline in it. I mean, I would estimate this one has 400ccs less than this one. Wow. Funny, 400cc difference was my second and my final surgery. 1650 to 2050, so its almost like my doctor forgot to fill up my right breast, like if were being real here. You know that theres not much further you can go here before theres nothing there? Theres a lot at stake here if you have a complication, and youre 3mm away from a complication. You really are. Gias breast skin is so thin that theres very little blood supply running through the skin. If she considers going larger or even smaller, for that matter, theres a very significant risk of her losing that blood supply and suffering a major complication like nipple loss or skin death. So there are two things to consider. One, do nothing and hopefully for a long period of time nothing will happen. Or two, you downsize the implant, and then do a breast lift. But because your skin is so thin, right now any kind of lift would impair the blood supply to your nipple and it would die. Normally we say lets downsize. Downsize. Do the conservative thing. Do the conservative thing, but I think the conservative thing is to do nothing right now. So really the best option is to leave things alone? It really is. What do you think? I think youre right. I dont think I ever thought I would, as Gia come across any kind of issues to where it would affect my life as Bonnie... Cosplay is not my number-one priority, like I have a very important life by day. ...where I could, like, you know, get me to that place where its like, "Hey, now were getting, like, risky here," or threaten my ability to be the best mom I can be. Mind blown. Sound good? Yeah. [Dr. Nassif] Fantastic. [Kate] Thank you so much, fellas. Thank you very much. Pleasure to meet you. Thank you. Thats great advice. Thank you. Youre an impressive person. Thank you, you guys are like gods to me. [Dr. Nassif] Thank you. Thank you. Bye-bye. Hey, guys, so its been four days now since I got my first hyaluronidase injection, and since then Ive been getting it every single day. Were still gonna see how much more do I need. So Im super excited to see how much filler its gonna remove. I can definitely feel my real lips, which is really cool because I havent felt that in, like, five years. So Im super excited to see the full results soon. Oh, my goodness! Oh, my goodness! Awe! [Tiffany] Hi. Can you tell how happy I am? Really? Oh, my gosh. And did you like my high pitched shrill? You were higher than me. You dont remember this because you were on anesthesia. You were crazy amazing post-op in the recovery room. Oh, God, what did I do? Funny? Oh, I mean... Doctor, I feel full as hell. I might have to hit the stripper pole this weekend. Im hopping. Youre probably a full C, small D. Did you put D into the equation? Could be. Dont play with me. So how are you? Are you good? I am more tired, but my girlfriend said that thats just my body healing. [both doctors] Oh, yeah. [Tiffany] So Im just like, other than that, I feel so alive. On the table I was really pleasantly surprised with how they looked. But I havent seen them. You havent seen me. For a while. Okay. So lets see what they look like because-- [drum roll] [Dr. Dubrow] Right? Okay, because looking at this, remember, I was worried about no upper projection? Yeah, upper pull fullness. And this is not a push up bra. This is a surgical bra. No, its not. Whoa... [laughing] By the way, did you see what happened? They look like they have implants. I know. Dont they look like it? [Tiffany] I love them so much. I would have did this 10 years ago if I knew how wonderful I would feel today. I feel lighter, more energetic, and actually this is weird, I feel more feminine with the smaller breasts than I do with the bigger ones. This is gonna be more and more a part of your practice. This has become a huge part of my practice, taking out implants. Yall are amazing men. Congratulations. Yall deserve everything and more. By the way, congratulations. Thank you. Good, right? Its a beautiful job. I mean, a scary case. Beautiful job. Scary case. Very, very, very. It was ugly. You know, Ive been on this breast journey with Tiffany for a long period of time, and Im happy shes at a place that I know will remain stable, and wont need any additional surgery. For once, Im happy to be out of a job. Its so good to see yall. [Dr. Dubrow] So good, you look amazing. Thank you. Congratulations. [Tiffany] Thank you so much. Bye. [Dr. Dubrow] Well see you soon, thank you. [Jonathan] By having my lips reduced, I feel like Ive grow up a lot. Im no longer chasing the attention of having big lips. I no longer want that super fake kind of look that I used to want. ♪ Im all fired up ♪ ♪ I said Im all fired up ♪ ♪ So come on ♪ [Jonathan] My lips are the perfect size now. I did not have scar tissues in my lip. I didnt have to go through surgery to get to this point. Other than my lips, my hair is darker now, I toned down my makeup, my eyebrows is no longer as dramatic, I dont have lash extensions anymore. I feel like my true self again. The old Jonathans back. [Jonathan] Hi, doctors. [Dr. Nassif] Jonathan. Look at this man. [Jonathan] Im back! [Dr. Nassif] You look great. [Tiffany] Ive been showing my titties to everybody. Theyre probably sick of seeing them, but Im like, "Yall dont understand. Feel them, see them, its all me again." ♪ I wanna be perfect ♪ [Jonathan] Hi, doctors. [Dr. Nassif] Jonathan. Look at this man. [Jonathan] Im back [Dr. Nassif] You look great. Remember me? Oh, my God. So nice to see you. What a difference. You look amazing. [Jonathan] Dr. Dubrow, hi. Hold on. Lets see. [Jonathan] Yes. [Dr. Nassif] Look at these lips. Yes, look at them. Now when I look in the mirror, Im like, "Hey girl, youre back!" Youre just handsome. Thank you. [Dr. Dubrow] No, you really are. Awe, thank you. But I have a question for you. Yes. Do you think youll ever do it again? No, I would never do it again. [Dr. Dubrow] Never? No. Im done. After four rounds of injections, Im very happy with Jonathans results. But what makes me even happier is that Jonathan is done with filler forever. He looks like he could be in a boy band. Yeah? Before my injections, my lips were so big that I couldnt drink or eat properly. I was drooling and they were such a distraction that people didnt take me seriously. But now, thanks to the doctors, my lips are natural again and they now close fully so I wont drool. And the best part is, my career is turning around, and I landed a new gig. Bye, DSLs. Bye, girl, bye. I have one question. Sure. Dr. Dubrow, have you been working on your go-go moves? Wait-wait-wait-wait. Okay, body roll. Move like a snake. Grab with the shoulders forward. I always do it, lets see you do it. Oh, come on. I cant do that. Thats because... He wants to get me-- No, I wanna see you do it. He doesnt wanna-- he wants to basically make fun of me. Quit yammering. Just do it. Let me see how you do it. Let me see it one more time. Okay, one, two, three... I roll the whole body. Yeah, like that. So your body... Head first and then roll your body. Wow, Paul can really not dance. Great, congratulations. Thank you. Please keep us updated. Absolutely. Thank you so much again. Thank you. [Dr. Dubrow] Youre welcome. Give me one more hug. Yes. Huh? Thank you. Thank you, Dr. Dubrow. Thank you. Come on in. ♪ All that I wanted ♪ ♪ All that I needed ♪ [Tiffany] Since Ive had my breast implants removed, I really feel like a new person, and Im loving the way I feel. Ive been showing my titties to everybody. Theyre probably sick of seeing them, but Im like, "Yall dont understand. "Feel them, see them, Im all me again." [Justin] Ive been waiting to do this interview for a very long time. Vanessa, tell the people who we have today. We have Tiffany "New York" Pollard. The queen of reality TV. [Vanessa] The queen. 4.4 million people tuned in to "I Love New York," and I was one of them. [Vanessa] Amazing, yep. [Tiffany] I can not even contain myself. Thats how wonderful I feel. Each week my health is getting better, Im getting stronger, and I just want the world to know. Oh, my gosh! [cheering] Oh, my God, welcome to "Just the Sip." Oh, my God. Thank you. Please take a seat, take a seat. Welcome to my house. Do you love this dress, Justin? I wore it just for you. Im loving everything. By the way, you look so different. The last time I saw you, you were Jessica Rabbit. You were-- it was-- it was happening. I was sitting at probably a 38GG. This is a whole new you. Im liking it. Its more sophisticated. Well, thank you. What made you take your implants out? I started getting sick. I was going through Breast Implant Illness. Now, for yall that dont know, its where the implant begins to attack your health. I had so many symptoms, I couldnt think straight. No! I had panic attacks, I had diarrhea every single morning. No! The doctors were making me think I was crazy, like, "No, youre good, youre fine." And how many weeks has it been since youve gotten them removed? Im at week 12. And how do you feel? Amazing! I just feel so good, and I dont have to take so many trips to the bathroom in the morning and have diarrhea. That [beep] aint sexy. At all. Before my surgery, my body was completely rejecting my implants. I was experiencing Breast Implant Illness, and my skin was stretched out. But now, thanks to Dr. Dubrow, I no longer feel sick, and the girls are now naturally abundant. Thank you so much for being honest today. Thanks for having me. [Justin] By the way, them titties are still big. I know it! [both laughing] Turns out you can be natural and still be the HBIC. I would like Kim Kardashians figure. [Dr. Dubrow] You have some laxity. [woman] What is it? That is the question. What is it? There never is anything in my ass normally. [man] Ive multiple cardboard cutouts of Jimin. I cant be with Jimin, at least I can look like him. Do you wanna get a nose that looks like Jimin? In the last five years, Ive just changed everything about myself. The center unit will just turn black. Oh, my God. The tip of my nose was hurting. Just touching it like this? So wanna get rid of this Pinocchio nose. [Dr. Nassif] Oh, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, stop. Oh, my God. OpenSubtitles recommends using Nord VPN from 3.49 USD/month ----> osdb.link/vpn 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 