Botched: Season 6, Episode 19 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Botched 
 s6e19 - Necrotic Nightmare - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Botched (2014–…): Season 6, Episode 19 - Necrotic Nightmare - full transcript 
 A filler obsessed Australian wants Dr. Dubrow to increase her breast size while a surgery in the Dominican Republic left a patient with only one breast. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 I am obsessed with the industry of aesthetics. If you can modify your body, why not? So Im on a quest for a bigger chest. You gotta gain some weight. Im even worried about you undergoing anesthesia. Okay. I felt the injections. Ive watched my nose die. So Im finessing the composite graph. I dont like that. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 I just dont like it. Oh, I felt automatically something was wrong with me. This is after Parisa had a major breast complication. They didnt change them. They didnt change her implants. Wow. All they did was do a lift and kill her tissue. You, got scammed. ♪ Girl you got me hanging on the line ♪ My name is Tara Jane, and everything on me is tiny except for my tatas. Im on a quest for a bigger chest. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 I currently have 540cc, and Im just not happy with them at all. Ive got like this kind of rippling effect, And I just thought, if I kind of fill out the space more, then maybe thats going to fix that a little. Basically, the part that I dont like about them is that theyre just not big enough. I just love attention. So I thought getting plastic surgery and having bigger boobs, thats going to be the "Wow" factor. Its going to be exactly what I need. When I was younger, my dad was very aware of what I wanted, and he just wanted me to be happy. So when I was 20 years old, he got me my boobs and my lips for my birthday. My first set of implants were 500ccs. After I had the procedure, it was almost like a feeling of euphoria came over me and I was just-- I was hooked. I am obsessed with the industry of aesthetics. Its just everything I think about. Like I eat, I breathe, I dream about it. If you can modify your body, why not? Having Botox, fillers, like anywhere you can put filler, I will literally put it in my face. Ive actually been turned away several times for filler and Botox, which is why I have about five doctors. So if one says no, Ill go to any of the other four, and if they say no, Ill just get someone else. In 2013 I replaced my 500cc with my 1,000cc because I just wanted that extreme look, and I just love attention. It just made me want to be even more artificial. Life with my 1,000cc implants, very heavy, put it that way. I was getting pain at the top of the spine. So, I went down to about 540, so it was right about half the size. With the 540s theres a slight rippling when I sort of bend down a little bit. Not really a good look. Not what I was going for anyway. My ultimate goal is to go back to a 1,000. I never used to work out, so I feel like now being as strong as I am in my back, I can pull off the 1,000ccs. So Im looking for koala sized boobs, not kiwis. Remember when I was just a baby? Mm-hm. Yes. You would come up and pinch my nose? Its a common practice among Filipinos that, you know, you try to pinch your nose. The thought that it might make your-- Your bridge taller. Thanks mom! My name is Melissa, and I lost half of my nose from a simple filler injection. My nose is scarred and chunky, and it kinda goes off to the side. My nose died, and I am trying to bring it back to life. I grew up in a Filipino family, and in our culture theres a really large emphasis on beauty. I had a much flatter nose bridge than anyone else in my family, and that eventually started to really effect me. Fast forward to 2017. I came across non-surgical rhinoplasty, and I thought that I could finally have my nose fixed. I went ahead and I made an appointment. The reason that I wanted to go ahead with the non-surgical rhinoplasty was because it was supposed to be a temporary thing, and the filler would eventually dissolve. Ultimately I just wanted to see what I would look like with a taller nose. I felt the injections. They hurt just a little bit, but not terribly. After the injections were over, I took a look in the mirror and I thought, "Dang I look good!" The following night, I noticed that there were white little pustules forming. It was really scary. I decided to drive to the ER. The doctor told me that there was an occlusion, that some of the filler had blocked blood flow. Right away the doctor started the treatment, which involved 20 to 30 injections of Hyaluronidase for five days. And it felt like hell. I slowly watched my nose die. It went from looking like a nose to almost like cooked cauliflower. I thought your whole nose was gonna be gone. Cause it was pretty much all black. Right! Day by day I would notice that this nostril started to shrink. I lived with that for a year. Then I went ahead and rescheduled a reconstructive rhinoplasty. After that surgery, my nose just looked really bulky and thick. Every morning when I wake up, a little part of me feels like... a monster. You know youre beautiful. I tell you youre beautiful almost every day. Itd be awesome if my nose could be straighter and if I could get a bridge as well. Thatd be a plus. I have not let go of my bridge dreams. Look at this. Youre getting a little bit of fat! Oh, a little bit? Two weeks in France. In two weeks I gained 16 pounds! Im not gonna make fun of you because thats how I am. Im that kind of a guy. You, if that was me and I told you what happened to me, you probably would put it on your Instagram and gonna make some funny comments about me being fat again. Why does this turn into like a-- That-- Im sorry! You ever heard of the expression-- Wait! Have you ever heard of the expression "Humble brag"? That was called a "Humble rag." Im sorry, my baby, then if you feel bad. I may have gained a few pounds on this vacation, but trust me, I still look way better than Paul in a man-kini. So here we go, take a look. Boom! Look at that. Look at the necrosis. Ooh! I mean can you imagine being that doctor that did this? I would flip out. Do you know what that looks like to me? Death. So we need to help her now. All right. Can you please send in Melissa? Hello! Melissa, hi! Hi, nice to meet you! Dr. Nassif. Nice to meet you. You too! Im Terry Dubrow. Hi, Dr. Dubrow! Over the last few years Ive seen Melissa go through significant changes in her personality. She used to be so outgoing. Now shes always thinking about the negative. "Whats the worst that could go wrong?" And that-- She has that in her head that its gonna happen. So can you start from the beginning? Okay well, it started from when I was little, growing up. I always wanted a taller nose bridge. And then I got married in 2016, and then in 2017 we had our son. Two weeks later, Matt was deployed. Oh, youre in the military? Military. Oh, yeah. Yes. What branch of the military? Navy. What do you do? Explosive ordinance disposal. You mean IEDs? Yup. Yeah, stuff like that. Or rockets, bombs, whatever. Wow! Thats cool. So you have a baby, you get deployed, what happens? Like I said, my nose has kind of been an ongoing issue, so, I found a doctor that could do the injections. I wanted to see if maybe, you know, he could build up the bridge. When you inject a little bit of filler, doesnt matter what kind of filler it is, it could occlude or block the blood vessel. That can kill off the entire nasal skin. And that is exactly what happened to Melissa. 24 hours later it started to get a little bit painful. So that is when I decided to go to the ER. And then the... ER doctor said that, "Yes it is, in fact, occlusion." And then explained to me, "All right, were gonna start some injections to try and dissolve the filler." And then slowly but surely of course the tissue came off little by little. Once all of the scabbing came off, I had my reconstruction. They took tissue from here. Mm-hm. Folded it over, yeah. A nasolabial flap. Until you get new blood supply, you have it attached. Right and so it was-- I dont know it just looked odd. So during this... Mm-hm. did you tell him about this? Yeah, especially with that fun job of yours. Right. Yeah, so I didnt tell him that I was going to get it done. So you came home to your wife after doing this dangerous duty to a-- A deformed nose. - Right. - A deformed nose. Whoa, tough. Tough situation. She second guesses herself a lot. She feels like she needs to ask me everything before she does something. "Oh, do you think this is a good idea?" Before I left, this wouldnt have been an issue. Hmm. I dont even notice that. Do I ask you all the time? You do. Mm-hm. Youre insecure. Youve lost self confidence. And youre self conscious about it. Thats what it is. I dont even notice! Yeah. Im sorry. Its okay. Im sorry for going behind your back, Im sorry for the weight that I might feel like I add, you know? That I add on you. It makes me cry because... I make it harder for him. I try to do my best that I can. But I know that he gets a lot of the crappy end of the stick just because of sometimes how down I feel about myself. So now here comes the most important point for you with us is, what are you trying to do? You know I would really like if... you could just make it look even more symmetrical. And I mean, heck, if you could throw on a bridge thatd be wonderful. Thats um, a nice challenge. Youre not gonna get 100%. Im not gonna be able to match this side at all. I could even make it worse. I decided to go to the Dominican Republic to get my breasts done for $3,500. And you get what you pay for. Tell me... about this whole area here? This drives me... very crazy. Okay. What drives you crazy with what youre pointing at? Um... Its just like a flat thing. Okay. Especially compared to this nostril. So theres no crease, nothing on that side. Right. Theres no crease. So in summary what you want to try to do is match the left side of your nose? Yes. Okay. The good news is... I think we can help you. Okay. All right? Here we do need a little piece of rib cartilage. You know, to get you some height as long as we can do it? Yeah! To get your nose straight were gonna put some cartilage on your right side to help push the nose over a little bit more to the left. Have I done this before? Yes. The improvement has been anywhere between 20% and 60%. Okay. But Im not gonna be able to match this side perfectly. At all. I could even make it worse. Thats-- Thats a risk. Mm-hm. When I take a piece of the skin and cartilage and transplant it there, theres a change that that can die and become necrotic. Right. The risks do scare me just because I know what necrosis looks like. I wore it on my face. But I know that there are brighter sides to things and Im hopeful that this will be one of them. Im just ready to do it. Seems like youre in an agreement. I am in a agreement. Lets get it done. What do you say when you put on all the stuff? Its time to what? Suit up? Thats it. Yeah, its time to suit up, baby. You know people obviously stare at my breast. And somebody asked me if I had breast cancer before. Wow. Yeah. I didnt know that. My name is Parisa, and I got my breast implants half off, and now Im left with one boob. My breast look uneven because theres no breast implant on my right side. I decided to go to the Dominican Republic to get my breast done for $3,500. And you get what you pay for. Those scars were... ridiculous. It turned out to be-- Something else. The scariest time of my life. Yeah. You know how they say a picture is worth a 1,000 words? Yep. Let me show you our next patient. Oh, my god! Thats not-- Thats like in the middle of surgery. No. What is that? This is after our next patient, Parisa, had a major breast complication. What happened to her to get complete meltdown of all that tissue? Bring in Parisa. Can you please send in Parisa? - Hi! - Parisa. Nice to meet you. Nice to meet you! I am very excited to see Dr. Dubrow and Dr. Nassif today because its really sad as a woman, to lose your breast. I just feel like your womanhood is kind of taken away from you. All right Parisa, take us back. What happened? I live in Las Vegas. Working at the gentlemans club, it was very stressful because a lot of girls, you know, they look a certain way working at the club. Right. Yeah. And obviously I was making money already, but I wanted to just enhance what I already had. Increase your revenue stream. Yes! So youre a dancer over there? Not anymore. What was your, uh, work name? Bubbles Destiny. Bubbles Destiny? Now your stripper name is supposed to be your first pets name plus the street you grew up on. So my name would be Fifi Ambrose. Do you like that? Whats the relationship between you two? I met him in the club. - Hes my boyfriend. - Ah! I wasnt looking for anybody... Shes telling the truth about that. ...at the time but-- So you found love in the club. Uh, essentially, essentially, yes. Wow. What are you doing now? I go to school to become a nurse. Registered nurse. Really? RN? Yes. Where, in Vegas? Yes, in Las Vegas. Thats fantastic. Thank you. So your first plastic surgery procedure was the breast augmentation, yes? Yes. In Las Vegas. What was done? How many ccs, do you remember? Around 600ccs. 600? Yes. In 2012. After a couple of years, Im trying to quit working as a dancer. So you decided to downsize your implants. Yes, I did. I decided to go to the Domini-- Dominican Republic because it was pretty cheap. When I first arrived, we were waiting to have the consultation on the same day of the surgery. There was about 15 girls who were getting surgeries that day. By how many surgeons? By one surgeon. Moving fast. Yeah. You almost never do more than three to four surgeries in a day. Anything more than that, youre gonna cut corners, and the patients are gonna suffer. After I got released and I went home, I saw that there was puss coming out. And I started freaking out. Which part? The vertical incision or underneath the areola or this one? It was underneath. Underneath. Okay, vertical. Yes, vertical. Okay. And then I went to the emergency room. Good. And I was crying. The doctor came in, and he said, "You will need to take this out now. If the infection goes into your blood stream, youre dead." Thats right. I like what he did to get you to take that out. He scared you. Yes! Yes he did. You can get surgical post operative infections even when you do everything right. But the fact that Parisa was in a foreign country and they dont necessarily have the same surgical standards that we have in this country regarding surgical technique, post operative care, or even the way the tools are sterilized, you just dont know really what caused it. The big question of course is what are your goals? I would like two even breasts. But I dont wanna look like... a dancer. It really boils down to what are the risks of putting implant in that breast? Thats scary. Scary. Im nearly a fully qualified nurse. The scrubs, super boring. Im obviously gonna have to have my own outfit. What do you think? Yes! I love it! So Im finessing the composite graph. Hold on. Im still not happy with this. This is the unknown part of Melissas surgery, so its gonna be tricky. I dont like that. I just dont like it. All right, so... what to do. All right. So lets-- Lets start with the left one, okay? We see that... you have no capsular contracture, which is a good thing. Lets look at this side. It has the same pattern of scarring. But because you had that complication, you have a pretty wide scar. And your tissue, you know, its kind of soft. - Problem is we need symmetry. - Right. So we either up size this one, or we down size that one. And if we up size this one, that means an implant. And all of those complications that go with implants. If we take this one out and dont put an implant here, its not the same level of risk of putting an implant in there. Although its always a better idea to avoid breast implants if possible, particularly when theres been a previous breast implant complication, the fact that Parisas left breast implant is in tact is a good sign. That indicates however, that it was more likely a surgeon related problem than a Parisa anatomic related problem. But I wont know the best option for Parisa until I get in there and see what the tissues like, exactly. I think once I get into the operating room, I think you can go ahead and make that decision. Im-- Im down for that. You are? Yes. Lets do it. Yes! Having Dr. Dubrow to make decisions for my breast, its like having Naomi Campbell go shopping for me. Who doesnt want that? All right well see you guys soon. All right? Thank you. Thank you so much! Thank you. Hi, ladies, welcome! Hi! Hey Im Tara Jay. How are you, babe? Hi! So good, good to meet you! Good to meet you! Aww. So good to have you ladies here. Nice to see you too. Nice to see meet you. Oh, my god, Ive been so excited, babe. I really appreciate what youre doing for me. Of course! Exciting. Its so exciting to hear about your new nursing path. I am obsessed with having Botox, fillers. I just know how it makes me feel as a person, so I want to be able to give that opportunity to other people as well, which is why I started nursing school around 3 1/2 years ago. And everything will be complete in a couple of months. I cant wait to show you your custom outfit. Oh, custom scrubs! Yes! Oh, my god. I cant wait. So here is-- Oh, my god. Oh! What do you think? How beautiful! I love it. I need to get this on immediately. Yes! So if youre looking at like a hospital for instance, they wear things like the scrubs. Super boring, like, ugh. Gross. Im obviously gonna have to have my own outfit because they just dont match my personality or my style at all. What do you think? Yes! I love it! Do you love it? It literally fits you like a glove. Like a glove. Wow! - I feel like a Barbie doll, babe. - Yes! - Its just totally me. - You look amazing. I love it. Baby blue Barbie doll. Its like, the nurse of the future. Yes! The sexy nurse! Oh, I love it! This totally matches my personality now! I really wanna get bigger-- Obviously bigger breasts. Oh, okay. If Dr. Dubrow is able to give me my 1,000ccs, Im gonna have to come back and get another custom made top cause theyre not gonna fit in this one. Have you ever considered any... any Botox or anything? Um, no, I have not. Totally understandable. But if you change your mind, then you know who to call. - Morning! - Good morning. My name is Melissa, Im here to check in for my surgery today. All right. Please have a seat and well be right with you. Okay, thank you. I am feeling like Im gonna throw up. What if I wake up to another dying nose? Dr. Nassif is ready to see you now. Come on in. Oh, okay! Good luck, babe. Love you. Love you too. Ill see you later, okay? I really do hope that Melissa gets back to the confident woman that she used to be without needing to be reassured about a lot of the things that she does. If the doctors fix her, I really do think this would help our relationship a ton. Well take good care of you, okay? Thank you. Thank you. From Melissas surgery today, Im gonna harvest a composite graft from Melissas left ear while my team harvests rib. I will then open the nose and use the cartilage to build up the dorsum, spread her grafts to open up her airway, tip grafts to give her projection, and a small composite graft to lower the right nostril. Finally, I will make an incision along the outside of Melissas nose and use pieces of the composite graft to make the cheek flap on the right have a more normal looking contour. Just gonna start the harvest of the composite graft while Dr. Peng harvests rib. So heres the composite graft coming out. All right, so the rib is coming out. Lets put our tip graft in here. Oh, thats much better. Okay, now weve put in the glue canoe. This is all diced cartilage and fibrin glue. Well place this along the nasal dorsum. Thats gonna help give her that projection and bridge that shes always wanted. Okay, I like that, I like that a lot. Its time to start rebuilding Melissas right side of her nose and quite frankly, building up the right side of this area is gonna be the most difficult part of the case because of the horrible necrosis that she had. So, so far the nose is looking pretty decent. Obviously we havent worked on this part of the nose yet, which is releasing the whole nostril to pull down. Give me an 11 blade. Did the nostril lower just automatically? It did, releasing that scar, yes. That really helps. So Im finessing the composite graft to fit into the little gap where I released the scar tissue. This is the unknown part of Melissas surgery, so its going to be tricky. Our goal is to create some type of crease and definition where the previous doctor just basically moved over some cheek tissue into this area, which left Melissa with zero shape to her nose and nostril. Were gonna kind of put this down... into here, but I got a-- Ah. Hold on, lets-- Well, Im still not happy with this. I dont like that, I just dont like it. Oh,. Very low body fat. Do you think very low? Very low. Very low? Very, very low. Okay. The average body mass index for a woman is about 26. Tara is at 15. Thats dangerously low. Thats how you can do 15 operations in a day, if you dont do the operation you say youre going to do. If I could have a conversation with Parisas surgeon from the Dominican Republic, I would ask him, "What were you smoking?" I dont like it. I mean, just something is scaring me about this. This is concave, and its just too much. Lets take off all those stitches. Im gonna take it. Since the skin in this area has already been through so much, its making it very difficult for me to sculpt it in the way that I want and make it less deformed. Is this-- this the whole thing underneath there? Yeah. Oh, I know what it is, this is lifting up the skin. Yeah. So we need to remove all of this. Ho-ho! Thats it! Thats the way it should look, baby. The lip of the extra cartilage was lifting up this bottom layer. Finally, the skin on the right is flat and nice, and it actually has some contour. Overall Im really pleased with it. Okay, lets take some photos. Great job, thank you. Looks great! Yeah, hard, hard nose. Well, how are you? Hello, young lady. Good, better today. So we increased the tip projection. Mm-hm. We did a glue canoe. Right. Put that along the dorsum. Put a composite graft in the right nostril. Right. You made an incision out here. Made an incision. Whoa, okay. And then put in the large composite graft, along the whole right side of the nose to create kind of a normal contour... Whoa. ...to match the left side. He went for the whole thing. Right, whole thing. Wow. Now let me take a look at your nose. You want the-- Let me just keep the light on for a minute. Okay, so its that little bit grayish color. Yeah, theres a little bit of venous congestion in there. Melissa has some venous congestion. In other words, her nose is turning a little bit purple. So our goal is to squeeze out the blood to help the blood go in and go out easier. If blood doesnt go in, the graft is gonna die. So the best thing to do is to squeeze it out so that Melissa can heal a lot faster. So lets now just see how you heal, and then when the cast comes off, then well get a good look at it together. Okay. - So... - What do we have here? ...our next patient is a medical professional from Australia. Let me show you. Her name is Tara. My first impression, Tara has low body fat and is a big fan. Of plastic surgery. Of plastic surgery, look at this. She has concerns about her breasts, a lot of rippling from the breasts. Lets see if we can help Tara, why dont you bring her in? Can you please send in Tara? Hey, guys. - Hi Tara. - Tara, hi. How are you? Im Dr. Nassif. Lovely to meet you. Hi, Tara, how are you? Hi, Im very well, thank you. Hi, Jasenta. Jasenta. What is it? Please have a seat. Jasenta, okay. Youre from Australia? Yes, we are. And you both exercise, a lot I bet, huh? Yes, were very-- Yeah. Yes. I like to work out. Yeah, into the fitness. Yeah, I can tell. Very, very fit, very low body fat. Very low body fat. You think very low? Very low. Very low? Very, very low. I always hear that I have too little body fat, but what I try to explain to people is that I look at food as a way of survival instead of enjoyment. But Im just a little bit extreme sometimes. How tall are you? 5 7"? 5 7". And if you dont mind my asking, cause its relevant to what were going to discuss, how much do you weigh? About a 100 pounds. Wow! So your goal is to be this thin? Yeah. 100, 57... Your BMI is 15. The average body mass index for a woman is about 26 Tara is at 15. Thats dangerously low. Massively underweight. Yeah. This is very unhealthy for you. Wow, what do you think your percent body fat is right now? Negative one. Negative one, goals! Probably below 5%, dont you think?  Probably. Okay, so... tell us a little bit about your journey into cosmetic enhancements. What were your first things that you did? So my first things that I got was breast implants and lip fillers. Do you have about 10ccs in your lips? Oh, babe, I-- Ive actually lost count to be honest. The question is probably where I havent had filler. Anywhere you can put filler, Ill try it. I mean, your lips are rather large. Yeah, Ive also had - a little bit in my cheeks. - Yes. Sometimes I get my chin done and sometimes through my jaw area. Okay, so were gonna focus on the breast area, yes? Yes. So I used to have about a 1,000. 1,000ccs? About a 1,000ccs. You put a 1,000ccs on this body? Big, big. Did you have a problem with those? Yes, eventually, like I loved them to start off with, but eventually they gave me back problems. Okay, so you took them out and put in what? Two-- um, 540. Is that what you have now? Thats what I have now. Okay. I do have a bit of rippling though. You do have rippling? I do have a bit of rippling. Okay. But now, I like the look of bigger. Oh, you want bigger now? I was thinking, my ultimate goal is to go back to a 1,000ccs So Im actually the straight shooter and hes very, you know, the sweet approach about everything. You gotta gain some weight. Yeah. Because Im worried about your health. Okay. Im even worried about you undergoing anesthesia. Oh, wow! Really? Thats a very good point, theres systemic issues. How well youll tolerate the anesthesia. Yes. The postoperative recovery. Obviously the surgery stress itself. You know we dont judge, were all about solutions. Yeah, of course! Trying to help people, but we also are very focused on what will occur as a result of you pushing the envelope. The problem is you have very thin skin. You think you have rippling now, imagine how thin the skin and soft tissues gonna be with much bigger implants. Okay. Youre gonna have a lot more rippling. It says 650ccs. What? So the same implant, huh? This... is so up. I couldve died. Lets look at that breast for a second. Scoot forward a little bit. Okay, so thin skin, you can see rippling. Why dont you cover up? Yep. Okay, so lets talk about possibilities. Yes. The problem is... one, you have very thin skin... Okay. ...with very, very little tissue in that skin. If you think you have rippling now, imagine how thin the skin and soft tissues gonna be with much bigger plants. Okay. Youre gonna have a lot more rippling, and so... you have to gain weight. Do you eat-- Do you eat fats and carbs? I do, oh, carbs I try to limit. You limit the carbs. I eat a lot of fruit and veg-- A lot of fruit and vegetables. Well theres carbs in fruits and vegetables. You dont eat enough carbs. Fruits, vegetables and-- She doesnt eat carbs? No. I definitely think Tara is on-- more on the slender side. She definitely needs to just put a little bit more weight on. Ill make you a deal, all right? Okay. You gain 10 to 15% of your body weight. Yes. And maybe we can consider safely increasing your breasts. Oh, Really? Maybe because, Id rather we did it than somebody else. Yeah. So just go gain some weight and get comfortable with keeping that weight on. In all honesty, Im really concerned about Taras overall wellbeing, not just as it relates to surgery, but she really needs to get both physically and mentally healthy. Carbs are fun. Yeah. See the smile on his face? Honestly, if anyones gonna get me to eat carbs and fat, its you guys. Yeah. If I have to appeal to her desire for larger implants in order to get her to allow herself to be that healthier person, thats what Im gonna try to do. Great! Pleasure to meet you. Pleasure to meet you. I enjoyed it very much. Nice to meet you. My Pleasure. Lovely. See you soon, okay. Thank you so much. Youre welcome. Yes if I gain a little bit of weight then. Were gonna go get some burgers. Yeah. Parisa, Im excited to see you. I know. Me, too. So, implants or no implants. I wanna put an implant in, Ill tell you why. You had an implant put on the left side and then you had it downsized and then you had tissue removed and its alive. Yes. And so youre not the type of immune system that rejects implants, so thats a positive. Thats good. But this breast is not the healthiest tissue in the world. So, I dont know. The advantage of using the implants is that I will get actually a good shape, but Ive gotta be very careful how I determine the viability of the tissue in the lower portion of the breast. This is a very challenging operation. For Parisas surgery today Im gonna start on the right breast, make an incision under her areola, and assess the tissue where she had the complication. If possible, I will then insert an implant and lift and tighten the skin to give her a nice overall shape. Moving on to the left breast, I will make an incision under her areola and remove her previous implant, insert a new smaller implant and perform a breast lift, leaving Parisa with two matching breasts. Okay, so well start by making an incision... through her previous scar at the bottom of the areola and see what the blood supply looks like. I dont know, its better looking tissue than I would have imagined. Its gotten soft, enough time has gone by. And there is-- Theres some blood flow in that scar going up to the breast tissue. That gives me a reason to believe we can put implants in. All right, lets go down to the muscle right there. If we put a 450 in, that should sit comfortably. All right, here we go. Thankfully Parisas right breast actually looks pretty good, despite the severe complication she suffered from the previous operation. What do you think youve got on this side, whats your guess? 550. 550? Im gonna say... 575. Theres the implant. She had 650 and she wanted smaller, so what did they put in? 650. Go figure. No, are you serious? Yep, by the way this is American Mentor Implant. This is a Mentor. They dont have these in the Dominican Republic. They didnt change her. They didnt change her implants. Wow. All they did was do a lift and kill her tissue. A-holes! Yeah. Wow, all right, so lets lift the muscle up. Thats how you can do 15 operations in a day, if you dont do the operation you say youre gonna do. If I could have a conversation with Parisas surgeon from the Dominican Republic, I would ask him, "What were you smoking?" All right, lets put the implant in. You liked the 415? I-- I do. Do you love it? I-- I love it. On Parisas left side, because she has more breast tissue, Im gonna use a slightly smaller, 415cc implant to match the other side. Okay, all right, light on please. Thats what Im talking about. Put her down, lets close. Yeah! Woo-hoo! Hello. Hey, how are you? How you guys doin? Good, how are you? Not bad, not bad, excited. So, this is what I found. Okay. When I went into the pocket, you have really good breast tissue. I thought, this is an acceptable risk to put an implant in. Thank you. But, I expected them to use a-- Like a European implant maybe, thats smaller, okay? Cause thats what they typically use in the Dominican Republic. Can you read what it says on that? How many ccs? It says, "650ccs." What? So the same implant. Oh, my-- They just got the skin. Stop. This is an American implant. This is from Vegas. Yeah, you got scammed. But we got some good news, I hope, after all this? Okay, so-- Its okay, its over now. I didnt expect to hear that. If I could, I-- I would definitely get my hands on the person that-- that did this to her. They tightened your breast around a large breast implant, squeezing off the blood supply, causing the tissue on the right to die. That to me, its disgusting, inhuman, um, not professional. This... is so up. I couldve died. Lets just look to see that things are alive. Damn! The nipples, thank God, alive. That looks so much better. That is amazing! Im so happy with you guys decision. Yes, makes me feel so much better. This is what happens when you go to a great surgeon. It feels amazing to have two breasts again. I feel like I can put the past in the past and move on and never ever make any stupid decisions of going to the Dominican Republic again. Ever again. Thank you so much. Nah! Youre welcome, again. All right. Im went through a lot emotionally, mentally, and Im feeling so much better this time around, very confident. Finally, I feel like I have my womanhood back. Hey! Oh, my god! Right after surgery my nose looked like a hot mess, it was swollen! This is a long-term healing process. How are you? Melissa, how are you? Im good. Good to see you again. How are you? How you doing? Its been a couple months since Melissas surgery. Last time I saw her, the side of her nose really didnt look that great because Melissas surgery was really difficult, but also these graphs are difficult to heal. That takes months. So today were gonna do a follow-up and see how shes improving. All right, so I have to tell you this is getting better and better. Its a work in progress obviously. When I look at this, I see now more of a delineation between that cheek, especially compared to the last few months, Yes. ...and the side of the nose. Yes. Right after surgery it looked like a hot mess. Not hot mess, but it was, you know, it was swollen! But Dr. Nassif has put me through a couple of rounds of injections to help with the swelling. Ive had laser treatments done to help with the redness and the texture. How do you like this, uh, this glue canoe, we call it? I love it. It looks good, huh? Mm-hm. Mm-hm. Week by week its getting smoother, the swelling is going down. I know its still a little bit uneven on this side, but I completely understand that its going to take a lot of time. Im gonna say in another seven more months, that will be a year. Mm-hm. Compared to now youre even gonna be a lot happier. But again, this is a long-term healing process. Right. At a year... Okay. I wanna check on you. Okay. Yeah. Okay? Im super grateful to Dr. Nassif and Dr. Dubrow. Since Melissas surgery with Dr. Nassif, her confidence has greatly improved. She doesnt question herself. Shes just getting out there and doing her thing, and its great to see. Thank you, guys. Thank you, bye-bye. Its almost like they gave us a second chance. And I dont really know where its gonna bring us, but it seems like its gonna be a good place. Ah! Oh, my gosh so cute! That dog is so happy. I would be too, runnin around all willy-nilly like, huh? I know. Before my surgery, my nose was destroyed by necrosis, and I felt like a monster and I would constantly second guess any decision I had to make. Which had a negative effect on the relationship with my husband. Now, thanks to Dr. Nassif, my nose is close to being back to normal and I now have the bridge that Ive always wanted. I know my nose isnt perfect, but Im hoping that over time it will only continue to look better and better. Its hard to put into words how strong youve been through all this. Baby. Cause starting off when it all happened, I mean, I wasnt there you had to deal with this all by yourself. Cause now here you are, like a brand new woman almost. You know, even a year ago, if you were to tell me that... Id be feeling this way about myself, the way that I feel now, um, I wouldnt have believed you. To most people it might not look completely normal yet, but for me its changed my life. Brought me back to life really. Im just glad it can be a part of it this time. Me too. Im feeling so much better this time around. Very confident versus how I was in the Dominican Republic. I went through a lot emotionally, mentally and it just made me feel really weird that I was walking around with one implant in. I just really wanna thank all of you guys for being here today. You know, Im really happy to have all of you here while we put this bad experience in the D.R. behind us. Im super impressed about the whole nursing part cause she holds a 4.0 in school. Yes. Which, I was like, "What?" Like that takes a whole lot to do. Finally, I feel like I have my womanhood back. And now that Im going to be graduating from my nursing, Im really excited because that shows me how much strength I have. I wont let nothing hold me down. Hey! Oh, my god! - Gorgeous! - Wow! Hey, babe! Hey, babe. My God, look at you. You look beautiful. Look at you, wow. Youre so cute. Oh, my god! Oh, my god, look at you! Thank you! Parisa looks so amazing, Like, I cannot believe that Dr. Nassif and Dr. Dubrow were able to accomplish this amazing procedure for her and she just looks great. Im so happy for her. Thank you guys so much for being here. I really appreciate everyone being here, I love you. And babe, thank you for everything. Thank you for being there for me all the time through thick and thin. Absolutely. And I just want to say thank you to Dr. Dubrow and Dr. Nassif. Without you guys, I wouldnt be able to have these two breasts! Thank God! Ah! Before my surgery I only had one implant because I made the decision to pay half price for my boobs. Now thanks to Dr. Dubrow, I have two even breasts. And Im finally ready to go out there and get the nursing job that Ive always wanted. Take my advice, dont ever bargain for your boobs because you will get what you pay for. Congratulations! My name is Tanya, also known as tits on a stick. But I have these huge, overly large areolas. I would say that looks like a piece of baloney. I was butchered. Three or four days after the surgery, it was like my nipple was rotting away. It looked like somebody had taken my right breast and like squeezed it. Seven nose jobs up my nose, honey. I up! Rea is at such a high risk. If I see something that I dont like, Ill abort the case. If youd like to be considered for Botched, 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 