Botched: Season 6, Episode 5 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Botched 
 s6e5 - Flipped Out Butt & A Pelican Neck - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Botched (2014–…): Season 6, Episode 5 - Flipped Out Butt & A Pelican Neck - full transcript 
 Dr. Nassif tries to save a patient with a wrecked pelican neck and a wannabe trophy wife seeks a bigger booty to find the man of her dreams. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Tonight its all about the butts. My butt is making me flip out. I moved to Butts County, Georgia, B-U-T-T-S County. The cheery end of my Sunday would definitely be getting a bigger booty. I thought Id be a trophy wife by now, so obviously boobs are not where its at. Its clearly in the booty. I had no idea that the key to finding a husband 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 was to get a bigger butt. Things that make you go hmm. I wanted the right butt, not the wrong butt. Lets take the implant out. Its like delivering a baby. - Wow. - Wow. Oh, my God, look at that. Well, that is worse than I thought. Jabrena and Sammi both have buttock implants but with two very different outcomes. So basically you had a facelift? 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 It became a nightmare. My neck started becoming distorted. To me it looks like dog doo-doo. This isnt easy. My name is Sammi Sprinkles, The cheery end of my Sunday would definitely be getting a bigger booty. Its no secret Im addicted to plastic surgery. I dont wanna look like anythings real on me. I thought Id be a trophy wife by now, so obviously boobs are not where its at anymore. Its clearly in the booty. Ive always loved Anna Nicole Smith for as long as I can remember, and shes just such a sex icon to me. I wanna follow in Anna Nicole Smiths footsteps and find a rich husband. I used to be really overweight. I was 230 pounds four years ago. I was like, "Thats it. Im not doing this anymore." I had weight-loss surgery. I lost, like, 70 pounds. I was so proud of myself, and I looked so good, and I was ready my boobies. I must, I must, I must increase my bust. I was so excited to get my first boobs. I wanted as big as I could go, as fake as they could look. Always wanted to be that 90s porn star. I got a little crazy after my boobs. It became, like, I couldnt wait for the next thing, and I didnt-- I just had to figure out how I was gonna get it. So within a year I had five surgeries-- tummy tuck and arm tuck, second boob jobs an internal bra, lip implants, eyebrow revision, and a nose job. I dont want designer stuff. I dont want a nice house. All I want is to be hot. I want that to be my job, is to get as hot as I can get. Thats where the trophy wife thing comes into play, so right after I got my boobs done, I was like, "I need to even this out with a butt" because we are not in the 90s anymore, and guys like butts these days, so I was having the journey to get my butt now. My butt was nonexistent, like a wall pretty much. It was flat, like this. It was like my hand, like a stop sign. Jesus Lord, I need an ass. I want a bubble butt. I found someone who actually did solid implants, and I got butt implants and a Brazilian Butt Lift. When I was in recovery, my butt implant scar opened up. I thought I was gonna lose my butt implant for a minute because it was opened pretty bad, and I was bleeding everywhere. And now I have the scar. After I finally recovered from my butt implant surgery, Sprinkles came to be because I was like, you know, theres only two kind of people in this world-- people who like sprinkles on their ice cream and boring-ass people who like vanilla ice cream, and Im not done adding sprinkles yet. Im hoping that Dr. Dubrow and Dr. Nassif can help me hide that scar on my butt and get a bigger butt because I look top heavy, so I need to even out the bottom half. Im coming to sprinkle Dr. Dubrow and Dr. Nassif. I hope theyre ready cause Im coming for some more booty. My name is Jabrena, and my butt is making me flip out. Right now youre about to see what I deal with on a daily, so if I sit wrong, if I do anything wrong, it just flips over. My butt looks like I have two balloons sitting back there, and it just looks like it doesnt belong. I dont have to have a Nicki Minaj booty. Im skinny. I dont need Nicki. But I want a little something. My nickname growing up was "beanpole" because I was just straight up and down. I never felt that I was ugly, but body wise, I was ashamed. I wanted to be happy for myself, so I fixed my butt. And if you wanted a butt, you gotta do-- either get the fat transfer or the implants. I didnt have the fat. I wanted the butt. I got the implants. Two weeks after surgery the swelling started to kind of go down. And you could see the implant kind of on the side. It was like a-- like a crease, but about a month and a half later, the implant flipped. After that my butt implants would just flip four or five times a week. Its very uncomfortable, like it hurts. I got back to the doctor, and this man tells me, like we could pull the implant up, stitch it to where it wont move, and do the lipo to lift it and make it look a little better. He said, "Well, Ill send you the quote. Itll be about $4,000." You money-hungry bastard. Me and Jabrena have been friends since about sixth grade, seventh grade. Oh! Shi-- Shes not the best skater. Remember when we were kids, and we would, like, always sit around watching music videos, mocking the dancers? I always wanted to be the dancer. You did? I always wanted the body. Ever since I can remember, she always talked about her butt, like she always wanted the big butt, big butt, butt this, butt that, but she didnt wanna work for it. She just wanted to get it done. I know that these doctors are the best, but what if they cant help? Like what if its just your body rejecting it? Like why do you keep putting yourself through this? Youve got the big butt. That didnt make you happy. Be you, like that old Jabrena. Nothing was wrong with her. I dont like that youre so self conscious about what youre wearing, where we go, whos looking, whos taking pictures. Why should-- well, then nobody should be taking pictures. Yes, but you wanted a big butt. You got it. I wanted indeed the right butt, not the wrong butt. Im hoping that Dr. Nassif and Dr. Dubrow, they can get these implants out, maybe put new ones in, but do I want a butt? Yes. Do I want this butt? Absolutely not. Our next patient, Jabrena, has a very difficult problem. Well, I think I can see it. Theyre gigantic buttock implants. - Look how droopy they are. - Yeah. You know what I mean, when the diapers really full? Thats probably what it looks like in pants. I didnt even think about that. The problem with butt implants, is that theyre subject to malposition, flipping, stretching of the skin, and they can be a real problem. Lets bring Jabrena in and figure out how this happened. Can you please send in Jabrena? Jabrena. Hi. Nice to meet you. Dr. Nassif. Nice to meet you. Jabrena. Hi. Terry Dubrow. Hi. Pleasure to meet you. Nice to meet you. I just really hope that these doctors can help put this behind her, like, literally. Okay, so why did you have buttock implants done, Jabrena? Cause Im skinny, and I didnt have any fat to transfer, and I wanted a butt. Ive always wanted it. Was your buttock flat, or was it a nice buttock, you just wanted it bigger? My butt was flat. I had a back. You-- your back-- Back. What did her buttock look like? It was pancaked. Tell the truth, shaved up. So you agree, it was flattish. Yeah, it was flat. So you went in and you had an operation, and then what did you start noticing? After about two, three weeks, the swelling kind of started to go down. Mm-hm. And I started to see the indent of the implant. I could see the outline. They were flipping. Yours flipped? Mines flipped. So what does that mean? No tight clothing for a year? Whats gone on with you? I have to wear lifters. A butt bra. Basically-- to lift-- A butt pushup bra. ...to lift it. Wanna look? Let me see. Whoa, look at that. To-- To lift it-- To give it a little lift. But it lifts it more than it would be, like without it. Obviously you dont like the implants. Right. Theres problems with them. What do you expecting him to do? I just want a little cute, nice, toot butt. and not this big ol hunk that I have back here. We certainly wanna help you, but we dont wanna restore you to a place that you hate. Hmm. Its a butt dilemma. Yes, a butt dilemma. You know? Lets go in the exam room and look carefully and try to figure out what the solutions are. Okay. All right. Wanna see it flip? Can you do it real fast? Whoa. So he went back in and made it worse. Now my face is going to be like a swollen up Gila monster. Okay, Jabrena, stand up, and lets just have a look to see what it looks like in person. So is it-- its the left one that flips, yes? This one. Wanna see it flip? Can you do it real fast? Whoa. Do that again. Look-- Look at-- Look-- Look at this. Heres the bottom of it. Feel this. Theyre completely just floating in skin. Jabrena has what we call implant malposition. Not only are the implants in a pocket thats way to big, but theyre in the wrong plane in the pocket, allowing them to flip around too easily. The problem is, if I just take the implants out, shell have so much sagging skin and no projection that Ill be trading one big problem for another even bigger problem. We have to find a solution. So we have to take the implants out. I dont do butt implants anymore, so what are we gonna do with all that loose skin and the lack of projection? Traditionally what weve done is make an incision across the lower portion of the back, lift the buttock up, and try as much as possible to get you some kind of buttock shape and projection. I think it might be a reasonable consideration to give me permission if I do find some tissue, some fat in an area, possible fat, flap transfer and buttock lift. Mm-hm. Is that what you want me to do? I consent. What do you think? Whatever you guys can do. Yall are gods plastic surgeons. So whatever you can do for her. I may be a god, but hes more like, you know, angel in a pink tutu or something. Sounds like were ready to go. Im in. Im all in. All right, lets do this thing. Okay? Theres the spot. Yep. My name is Lisa, and my neck is a wreck. Ive got all this concaving on both sides of my cheek and then these lines and bands that are just ridiculous. I actually started wearing and investing in scarves to help me kind of hide all the issues I am dealing with. Im here for a facial. My name is Lisa. Morning. Hi. And my sister Missy. Hi, Im Tina. I was born in L.A., moved when I was about 12, almost 13, to Butts County, Georgia, B-U-T-T-S County. We used to call it the butt end of nowhere. My sister Missy and I, we were bullied by mean girls. They named me pelican neck because I have a thick neck. And thats always bothered me. I was tortured walking home every day. I got pushed, bullied, and eventually one day one girl punched me in the nose and fractured my nose. Another time one of the girls came up behind me and pushed me, and later we found out it fractured my elbow. I hate talking about this. I was just a little girl, and I didnt-- I didnt want any trouble with anybody, and I knew I had a fat face, but for somebody to point it out, and something Ive dealt with for my whole life. Im sorry. I just-- I really hate it. Now my face is going to be like a swollen up Gila monster. I have all those old feelings that have come back, and I just-- I hate it. Right. So I-- I need help. Since I had such a hard time in school, it was really in the back of my mind when our 30th class reunion started coming up. I did not wanna be called pelican neck again, so I started seeing a commercial about facelifts. I set up an appointment with the surgeon. He showed me in his mirror how he would be able to fix the neck, some of the sagging, and that-- after that, I would have no problems. So I went in and got this QuickLift, and within three months he knew something was wrong. It became a nightmare. I just couldnt believe what my neck was doing. It started becoming distorted, kind of bumping up. Um, it looked chunk-- like chunks under it. So he went back in and made it worse, and he actually extended the scar, and this is where he caused the rippling here. I didnt sign up for this, and I thought it would be done right, and it hasnt. Ive been dealing with this situation for about a year and a half with my neck, but I will not go back for a third time to the doctor that I did because I would be crazy if I did. Let me ask you a question. Do you like donuts? I love donuts. And what kind of donut do you eat? Buttermilk glaze with a nice glass of Lactaid milk. Lactaid milk? Otherwise, if I drink milk or a dairy product. You become-- Its dangerous. Yeah, its dangerous-- My gas. Dangerous for anyone near you. Just like when we were in the airplane, by the way, not too long ago when I was next to you, and you kept wondering where that smell-- That was you? That was me. Seriously? Because I had the ice-cream sundae on-- That was you? At American Airlines. You are disgusting. You know what I thought it was? Because we were sitting next to the bathroom in the bulkhead. I know. I kept going... But it was me. "I am never--" That was you? I didnt wanna tell you it was me the whole time. Youre so disgusting. You know... I take these pills all the time when I have dairy, and I had them there with me on the airplane, but, Terry, since you drive me crazy and youre very mean to me, I wanted you to suffer. Dont eat the ice cream, okay? I do have to admit, it was pretty bad on the airplane. So what do we have? Let me talk to you about Lisa. Lisa had a facelift. Thats-- She got some irregularities. That is a really hard thing-- Big cheeks-- Thats a huge... ...to fix. Yeah. Can you please send in Lisa? Hello. Lisa, Hi. Dr. Nassif. Hi. Nice to meet you. Oh, I get a hug. Nice to meet you. Yes, Im a hugger. I dont want my husband jealous, but Dr. Nassif is really good looking. First of all, welcome. Whats the deal with the scarf? Well, the deal is... Youre hiding something. I am hiding something. It is a little freakish because in a hundred-degree weather at 90% humidity-- Youre wearing that? Shes wearing this. Yes. How often do you wear something like that to hide that area? Every day. Really? How did all this start? Ive always had a really thick neck. It was awful. Thinking about my neck, there was an ad that came on. Mm-hm. Do your QuickLift. Little infomercial. So I was like, "Thats for me." Be very suspicious of doctors you see on TV. Ive already heard that before. Yeah. I dont mean us. Duh. So basically you got a facelift. Mm-hm. And a neck lift. Yes. So then what happened? And then it just started looking strange. Spiraling. So three months later... Puffy. ...he convinced me, "Its gonna be okay." Well take you back in, and well do this. Well fix it." It turned out worse. Then some time went by, and it started swelling. Where? Here? On the actual neck, this scar. And so I go back, and he left the stitches in. So what are we talking about here? Well, what happened was, when I went in to get them taken out, he said to the nurse, as hes tugging on my stitches, and he said, "Oh, I hope Im not taking out the wrong set of stitches." Oh, my goodness. Yeah. "Well, I hope Im taking out the right ones." What doctor would say that to a patient? So for us to help you... Okay. ...tell us exactly what you want us to do. You know, to me it looks like dog doo-doo. I dont know what to say about it other than I just wanna look normal. Lisa does not have horrible platysmal bands, and these are the muscles of the neck. You usually will see prominent bands here. But what has made them look more prominent is all of the aggressive fat removal around the neck. This is a very, very difficult task that you are giving us. So I think weve heard, you know, exactly what you need. Now well have to see what we can do. Yeah. ♪ Jabrenas got buh-buh back... ♪ Thats enough. No? No. Sammi. Dr. Dubrow and Dr. Nassif are so sexy. It was really hard to concentrate on what they were saying cause all I was thinking about is how theyd make the perfect threesome with some Sprinkles on top. So lets take a peak. Okay. So come up here a little bit more. Turn your head just this way. And were gonna look first at your incision. So its like-- It looks like a short scar. Thats where your "QuickLift" needs to be-- Thats-- Thats why youre not getting a good neck lift. Thats... Lisa had a short-scar facelift because the incision only went up a little bit behind her ear, and if youre trying to correct a neck, you have to make those incisions a lot longer so you can re-drape and get rid of that extra neck skin. Now, here, do me a favor. Go like this... Relax. So her buccal fats popping out around all the area thats been hollowed out. He got too deep and violated the buccal fascia. It stayed as that. Go like this. Wait. With the neck back. go like that. Theres absolutely no fat. I mean, you can just feel it. My daughter said I looked like a skeleton. Okay, you can relax. This isnt easy. I believe it. We have to redo something. Its called a revision deep-plane facelift. Wow. And we have to go underneath the muscles and try to rearrange things to get things a little bit more smooth. But were gonna have to take a little bit of microfat and visually look underneath the skin... Hm. ...put some of that fat there and make this more smooth. But heres the hard part about all this. Theres a risk that you could have more irregularities. Theres a risk that a certain part of your skin can actually die, called necrosis. Theres, again, a risk of more scarring. So after hearing about all this, what do you think? My hearts telling me that I need to move forward. I like you. And we wanna help. Pleasure meeting you. Hell yes. A pleasure meeting you guys. All right, so listen. We look forward to seeing you. Very sweet. Thank you, yes. Whatever this booty smoothie is, it better make my butt amazing. What do you think it consists of? Hopefully sprinkles. A booty smoothies like a facial but for your butt. This must be some L.A. trophy-wife stuff. Sign me up. So I have butt implants, but theyre solid, so dont worry. You cant pop them. You have butt implants? Yeah. Theyre, like, intact. I cant even tell. These look amazing. Thank you. Then Ill look even better. Bigger. Biggers better. Youre going bigger? Yeah. What? I think Sammi falls into a stereotype where people just assume shes, like, a bimbo. So I think Sammi getting a bigger butt might send the wrong message, but I think she looks fabulous. We are going to be smoothing the booty out. Youre gonna love it. The scarring, is that from the implants? Yeah. A lot of butt implants get rejected because they put the scars so close to their butt crack. Yeah. One of my stitches ripped open and... Oh, my God. ...one of the scars-- so its a little bit worse than the other one. But Im hoping the doctors can, like, put more fat in there so that it wont be so visible, you know? Yeah. And Ive been gaining weight for this, so this is the only option. Youre gaining weight? Yeah, so they can put it in my butt. So she can get a fat transfer basically. I have not been saying no to chicken nuggets. Thats all Im saying. I love it. If you need me, just hootie-hoo. Watch out! Watch out! She needs me. All right, Jabrena, were ready to take you back now. I love you. I love you, too. You remember hootie-hoo? Hootie-hoo. Ill see you later. Okay. Bye-bye, butt. I am just excited to put this all behind me. I was thinking about this. In a way, a buttock is like an upside-down breast, and youre gonna take a buttock implant out like you take a breast implant out, and then you do a lift. The big question mark is... will this work? Jabrenas very thin and has very little body fat, and even if Im able to sort of rotate some of her natural tissue down, it may provide very little usable tissue for projection. And then I may be out of options. For Jabrenas surgery, I will make an incision at the top of each buttock and remove her current implants. I will then make an incision across her back and then another incision about three inches below and remove the skin in between, leaving the underlying tissue. I will then create two flaps out of fat tissue and rotate them down into the existing pockets. Finally, Ill perform a buttock lift by pulling the skin up and stitching it to the higher incision. All right, well, lets start by taking the implants out and see what the problem is. Okay? These are huge implants. She went for the "gigunta" size, but-- ooh, look at that fluid. Look at this. Oh, my God. The pockets so big and the implants been moving around for so long, it caused so much irritation. Oh, this green is icky. Oh, God, aye yai yai yai yai. Oh, my God. Lets culture this. All right, lets take the implant out. Its like delivering a baby. Wow. Wow, thats a big-ass implant. Oh, my God, look at that. Oh, that is worse than I thought. Between the 600cc implants and the 500ccs of fluid, Jabrenas volume problem is much worse than I thought because how am I gonna get enough tissue from such a thin girl to fill up that pocket and give her a good cosmetic result? All right, so why dont we take this skin off, cut down to the fascia, and lift it up and rotate it over. Im trying to leave everything but the actual epidermis, the top layer of the skin. The problem is I need to get this more elevated to get this to rotate down. And the more I elevate, the more the blood supply disrupt. The problem with Jabrenas surgery is the tissue flap. It has to have its own independent blood supply, or it will die. The restriction in moving it down is that the entire area can die, and that will be an enormous problem. Put this in there. Drop that down. You got something. Right? More than something. All right, question is, is this flap alive? Lets check it out. This muscle right here is where this artery comes in right about here, but if I cut the edge of this a little bit, and it isnt bleeding, I have to lose-- whatever tissue is not bleeding has to be removed. Bleeding, bleeding, bleeding-- Its-- Its alive. Lets see the other side. So weve got the right one now elevated, which we can put into the old implant pocket just like we did with the left one. Okay, lets see what this looks like. Huh? Thats good projection. Thats enough. No? No. Something like that. Absolutely not. She might make the Kardashians jealous. Lets close this thing. Why not downsize the breasts? You had a lot of scary things. You had a fever elevation... Yeah... ...and you were fainting. The pain was excruciating. I remember the nurse saying, "Call 911." Hold that. Now, right underneath here, that "pelican" neck may be fat thats deep to that muscle. So were gonna look at that to try to make that a little bit more of a tighter angle. My last procedure was a QuickLift. And the results were not great, so I know this time Dr. Nassif is gonna do it right. Its gonna be just so much better. Well take good care of you. I know you will. Thank you. Thank you. Bye-bye. Today, for Lisas surgery, Im gonna open up her neck to her previous incision and remove excess fat while my team performs fat harvest from her stomach. Next, I will extend her original incisions behind her ears, lift up the skin on her face, and use microfat from her stomach to fill in the depressions in her cheeks. Finally, Ill tighten the muscles in her neck and re-drape the skin around her face to camouflage the defects. Okay, were starting now. I think well have plenty of access here because this is probably one of the biggest neck incisions weve seen. I am seeing some fat now, what we call subcutaneous fat. Thats fat underneath the skin, which I did not expect Lisa to have any. Lisa had a good amount of fat from her neck, but that fat just isnt great quality to use it for fat grafting. We want belly fat. You can see the little cannula going in and were adding just a little bit of fat with each pass to fill in the little defects and impressions in Lisas face. Here were connecting the skin from the cheek flap right to the middle of the neck so its one big flap. Were putting a bunch of these little stitches along what we call the lateral platysma. The platysma is the muscle that you saw in the front, that was causing those neck bands. Were tightening the muscle up from the midline and then also from the sides, and that really helps give the neck a fantastic contour. No matter what, shes gonna look a lot better, a lot younger, more sculpted around the neck. Thanks. You guys did a great job. Dude, whats with all the glasses? So Im trying to decide which are going to be my everyday glasses, right? Okay. Heathers friend makes these glasses. Look how cool these are. When you depend upon your eyes for a living, and need to see things under a certain degree of magnification, you become a little bit glass-obsessed. What the heck? I know, look at this. So kinda cool, right? Check this out. Work it. Whoa, those are cool-- Wait a minute. Is that-- I want a pair of those. I know, right? So Im a little bit of a glass fanatic. I love glasses like Paul loves carbohydrates. What do you have for me, baby? So our next patient, Sammi, has had a lot of procedures done... Obviously. ...as you can see. So it looks like there has been very little that has not been touched by a plastic surgeons scalpel. Lets bring her in and see why shes had so much surgery and what we can do for her. Got it. So please call in Sammi. Sure. Can you please send in Sammi? Hi. Whats up? Sammi. How are you? Nice to meet you. Dr. Nassif. Nice to meet you. Hi, Sammi. Terry Dubrow. Pleasure to meet you. Hi. Im here for two things-- one, get a bigger butt and two, find a husband... So, Sammi Sprinkles, where does that come from? Tell me. So theres, like, two kinds of people in this world-- people who like sprinkles on their ice cream and people who dont, and I dont choose to associate people who dont like sprinkles on their ice cream. Kind of like the plastic surgery of ice cream. Its kind of useless calories, but it makes everything look pretty. I think it also tastes good. Dont you? Sprinkles? Sprinkles? I love a good sprinkle. And I like only the chocolate sprinkles if I have to pick. Over rainbow? Eh... Tell us more about how Sammi Sprinkles is part of your persona. I grew up in the 90s, so I thought that people like Anna Nicole Smith and Pamela Anderson, when you got to look like that, you got to be a trophy wife and you were in love and all that, so its kind of why I started this. So what surgical procedures did you first have? Boobies... So did you have a lift as well, or just-- I have an internal bra. Made out of what? A mesh. Okay, what did you have done to your buttock? I have really cool solid butt implants. Okay. Obviously, Sammi, youre here because you have a problem. What can we help you with? I want a Brazilian butt lift. The scarring on my butt split open when one of the incisions, and so one sides more visible than the other, and its actually a little bit thicker. And so I was wondering if there was a way to conceal it because maybe it would be more of a bubble and it would go inside. So scar camouflage, you know, scar revision, fat in the buttock to make your buttock bigger. How much bigger do you want your buttock? As big as we can go. Okay, let me ask you a question. Yes. You know that she wants to go bigger on the buttock area. I think definitely she should. You think she should. I think she should. Why do you think she should? Because she has ginormous tits, and her as needs to, like, match. Why not downsize the breasts? Because thats not an option. No? Look at this. See? Thats not an option. Honestly, do you think the difference between where youre at now and you with a larger buttock is you being a trophy wife? I feel like it. I had no idea that the key to finding a husband was to get a bigger butt. Things that make you go hmm. Lets focus on your thing, your buttock area and the possibility of making them larger. Sound good? Sounds good. Yeah? Sounds great. Lets go have a look. Come on. Yay. Dr. Dubrow and Dr. Nassif are so sexy. It was very hard concentrate on what they were saying because all I was thinking about is how they would make the perfect threesome with some Sprinkles on top. Before I go through everything with you, let me take a look. Hmm. Lets look and see whats cooking. Im gonna lower your Spanx, okay? Okay, Sammi, we have a lot to look at. Okay-- Before we do that, take a good look at those. Those actually make you hungry. Look at those. Those are good. If I were Sammi, Id be really careful about those shoes. Paul loves ice cream so much, he might bite her feet off. Do me a favor. Hold this, up, Sammi. I got news for you. Most buttock implants have malposition problems, meaning they move around, and thats why not a lot of surgeons do them, but you have not had any problems. Your buttock projection is mainly based on your implants, so any fat has to be injected just in that thin amount of buttock skin and soft tissue underlying that. So the chances that fat would actually live, it would "take" when injected into that thin area overlying the implant, is extraordinarily low. The fatality rate of most surgeries is about one in 20,000. in Brazilian butt lifts its about one in a 1,000. In you, because of the butt implant underneath there and the lack of tissue protecting the veins, its probably one in 500 chance of dying. Definitely wont get a husband then. You wont-- Not only will you not get a husband, you know, you wont have a bigger butt, you wont have a life, you wont have any fun. I think you just sprinkled me. Yeah, right? So... You sprinkled me with some knowledge there for real. Your butt is already very round. Yeah. His butt is extremely flat, so if he was a zero, youre about 150. Wait, what? And the doctor who did that with the implants and the fat, weve seen them all, and none of them look good. - Yours look fantastic. - Yeah. Sammis buttock implant surgery looks really good, which actually is really rare. Most patients who have butt implant surgery have very significant complications. Take Jabrena, for example. She would be ecstatic with this result, but shes got a total disaster. Sammi should stop while shes ahead. If you continue on this plastic surgery train, the way you are now, the next station is disaster. Leave it alone. Huh? Okay. Well see. If Dr. Dubrow and Dr. Nassif find me a husband that doesnt think I need it done, then maybe Ill consider not getting it done. Great pleasure meeting you, huh? Thank you so much. You look beautiful. Thank you. Thank you so much. Great pleasure meeting you. Thank you. Do you guys know any men... Thats right. Trophy wife. Okay, we got it. Well, look at my little movie star. So right now everything went great. Yay. You look fantastic. You have barely any bruising. Before I go through everything with you, let me take a look. Okay? All right. Hold on. Okay. Hmm. I did so much work on Lisas neck. I did not expect her to look this good. All Lisa has is some swelling right hear. But I think your chin is going to heal perfectly. All right, lets talk about your surgery. Okay. First of all, the neck. There was some fat underneath the skin, so we did a little bit of lipo. Oh, okay. So I sculpted all this for you. So that gave you a better neckline. Oh, thank you. Then, here on both sides for the facelift, we did a nice lift on both sides. Mm-hm. The two areas where you were hollow, so I put a little bit of fat on both sides. I cant wait for everything to heal and be totally done with the scars. Thank you so much. My pleasure. So lets-- lets-- Love you guys. All I know is that these-- the scars and scarfs are gone. Yes. Whoo. Gone, gone, gone. Thank you guys both. Now we have to see how she heals and how much of the fat lives. Great job, Lisa. Thank you. You look prettier. Bye-bye. So happy. Hi, Jabrena. Hi. Hi, Jabrena. Hey, how are you? Hi. Wow. So you had a lot scary things. You had a fever elevation. and you were fainting. The pain was excruciating. I remember the nurse saying, "Call 911." Like, it was pretty bad. And now Im not in pain, so thats good. So let me give you a 411 about what I found. Okay? I got in there, made an incision, took the implants out, but it was much more than I expected. There was a ton of fluid in the pocket. So it was a much bigger buttock than I actually realized. As it turns out, you had a very nice band on each side of sort of this fatty tissue. And so I was able to put it in there. So right now were what, eight days out? Eight days, yeah. All right, lets look and see whats cookin. Im gonna lower your spank, okay?  Okay. Wow, these entries are starting to go away. Yeah, its looking a lot better. I mean, this really did go down. Remember we saw her? Its perfect. I cant tell you how happy I am that Jabrenas surgery worked out because for every one Sammi, who had a good result from their buttock surgery outcome, theres 10 Jabrenas that come in my office who have complete buttock disasters, with flipping implants and everything else, whose buttock surgery has literally and figuratively gone to. The only thing left to say is... Thank you. No. See you later? No. Youre the best? Yes. ♪ I got everything that I could want ♪ When I look in the mirror, I feel great about myself. Sometimes I have to do a double take to see if its really me. I can get up and go. I dont have to look at 500 different scarfs to just get out the door. I feel so great about the future. Arent you guys so excited to see Mom? Like super excited for her new journey. - I cant wait to see her. - I know. I havent seen her in a long time. Im excited for her to be more involved in things. Shes really just kind of... Sensitive or just... ...being in the closet... Right. ...and just doesnt wanna do anything. She is a person that would not go out of the house without, uh, a scarf and makeup. A scarf and makeup. Okay? Yes. Think of all the space shes gonna have in her closet, though, getting rid of all those scarfs. Oh, my goodness. Maybe shell give me the Burberry one. Yeah, right. Sure. Oh, God, I cant wait. Hello! Im so excited. Where is she? Ooh... Oh, my God! Oh, my! Damn! Oh, my God, I cant wait. Hello! Hi, guys! Aw... You look so good. I am so happy for my mom. Since Mom has had the surgery, she doesnt have her hair all around her neck so nobody can see it. She doesnt wear the scarf. Shes just so much more confident. You look beautiful, my love. Thank you. Beautiful. I hope youre happy cause you look happy. I am so happy. I am so happy. Mwah. You look so good. Aw... thank you. Gosh, you look beautiful. Its been a journey. Im so glad Lisa went through the surgery. I feel like she is doing so much better now that Dr. Nassif has gotten rid of the pelican neck. How do you feel now? I feel free. And I dont see sorrow on my face like I used to. Oh... I feel happy for you. It makes me feel like I can live life again. Aw... Dad. When Lisa hurt, I hurt. So seeing that hurt go away and see that lifted from her, I couldnt help but show the emotion about how much I cared and loved her. So what do you say, sister? What do you think I should do? Come on. - Tear it up. - Look, you cant wear it. Hey, tear it up like a tiger. Im happy. Go for it. I am so happy. I-- There you go. I couldnt be more happy, and I never have to worry about this again. Before my surgery my neck was a wreck. I had a very thick neck with weird bands sticking out and dents on the side of my face. Now, thanks to Dr. Nassif, I am turning necks and causing some wrecks, and I love it. I could not ask for a better outcome. Perfect is good enough. "Perfect is good enough"! There you go. So tonight I get to put on my nice, fitted dress. I finally get to, you know, show everybody what Dr. Dubrow did, and theyre gonna be amazed. Yo, so were on the party bus. You know what Im saying? We havent done something like this in a while. Like she hasnt been, like, out in a while. She dont drink, but, like, tonight we just gonna have a good time. Were gonna go out, party. Yeah. To celebrate this new body she has. Yes, maam. Yes, maam. Definitely got to turn up. Has she changed? Her attitude changed, personality changed? I can see her attitude has changed. Shes not looking-- Yeah, her confidence is way up. Shes not looking, like, in real life, "How does it look? Can you see it?" Does it look like its about to flip? Like shes just confident now. Oh, I think were here. Ooh, so excited! Oh, my gosh, so ready to see her. Since the surgery, I feel confident and happy. I dont have to hide and put on layers of clothing anymore. I dont have anything in my butt to make it flip. No discomfort, no pain. Its just me and my booty. Im so excited. Come on, now! - Hey, you. - Yes! damn! You look so good! Damn! You look so pretty. With this new butt, watch out cause Jabrenas gonna flip out, and I dont mean the implants flippin, okay? Girl, its not flippin. Yall, its not flippin' no more. People arent staring for the wrong reason. They staring. Okay. They starring. Dont blame em. They stare but not for the wrong reason. Hugs, hugs. Hugs. And turn up. Hugs and turn up. Hugs and hugs... Everybody. Hey. Everybody. Hey, hey. Hey. Before my surgery, I had a saggy butt and the implants were flipping, but now, thanks to Dr. Dubrow, I am finally free of hump butt. Now I finally got that cute toot butt that Ive always wanted. I heard you fellas like chicken cause Im serving breasts and legs today. Whoa, hello. Ive spent nearly $200,000 transforming from a male to a walking, talking Bratz doll. Every portion of her nose has a complication. Theres risks with the surgery. So Im scared. I have two sets of breast implants in my body. Two implants? Yeah. Its forbidden. This is all cadaver skin. Jesus. This is so weird. OpenSubtitles recommends using Nord VPN from 3.49 USD/month ----> osdb.link/vpn 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 