Botched: Season 6, Episode 2 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Botched 
 s6e2 - Not OK from the UK - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Botched (2014–…): Season 6, Episode 2 - Not OK from the UK - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 I would like Kim Kardashians figure. When I look at your stomach, it does look like youve had a kids. You have some laxity. What is it? That is the question. What is it? There never is anything in my ass, normally. Ill just put that out there, like. So they put killed, dead fat in the buttock, and they expected it to live somehow. Thats disgusting. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 We have two patients who came all the way across the pond to see us. Im plastic fantastic, and Im obsessed with plastic surgery. I want the smallest nose possible. Just like Jimin from BTS. Im going to Korea this year, so Im gonna change my face. B-line jaw surgery. If I cant be with Jimin, at least I can look like him. My name is Gisela, and Im not gonna lie. I just wanna get rid of this Pinocchio nose. The tip of my nose was hurting. Just touching it like this? 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Stop. Usually Im about 98% correct, this time Im 100% incorrect. ♪ Whats your area that youd like to concentrate on? Id like to concentrate on my bum cheek, my backside and my stomach area. Im Jorden, Im 24 and Im from London, England. I had my BBL done in Turkey, and I was not left with the asset I had paid for, and I guess you could say I was left with a catastrophe, get it? Cat-ass-trophe? My bum is just really misshapen. Picture, like, an L that was. I had a course of lipo, and my stomach is misshapen. There is this bulge at the bottom. Honestly, its like I had a child, you know? I havent. As a child, I was a human Pac-Man. I just ate and ate and ate and ate. Ate everything in my way. When I was 18, I got obsessed with the gym. I would be in the gym every single day. I lost about 80 pounds. And it was like, whoo, Im now getting attention from boys. Just got all, like, excited with my life. I wanted the curves and I just-- I couldnt get that from just the gym. Let me just go to Turkey and get my bum done. I had my BBL done in Turkey. This company organized everything for me. The surgeon said, "What do you want?" And I was like, "I would like Kim Kardashians figure." Like her, he was like, "Okay, no problem." They took fat from my stomach, my back, and my face and injected it into my butt cheeks. But my bum was definitely not what I paid for. I started to get cellulite looking bum cheeks, so I was hounding the company, and we came to a deal that if I paid three and a half grand for another BBL, everything would be fixed. But it was horrific. I looked in the mirror and my stomach, which was completely flat before, had this bulge. It was a bit like, "Oh, whats that? Now thats new." It looked like I had children. My bum cheek was so misshaped. Just the whole cheek had dropped away from what it should have been, and it was just on one side. My body was ruined. Like, this is literally what Im dealing with right now. Like its loose, like Ive had a baby. It does look like youve had a baby, like a few kids. I laugh about it and I joke about it, but main reason why I do have this type of motivation is because Ive missed so much of my youth by being so conscious about what Im wearing and you know, Im at the age where I shouldnt have to be worrying about things like that. I just need my flat tummy back, and I need my bum to look normal and not so strange. Oh, my God, Jimin, were in Hollywood. Look at the view. Oh, my God, its so cool, right? Wow. This is the best day ever. My name is Ollie and I want the smallest Korean nose possible. Just like Jimin from BTS, the most amazing K-pop band Ive ever seen. Ive traveled all around the world to have four different nose surgeries, and its still not perfect. Right now my nose is crooked, the nostrils are uneven, the tip is swollen. My nose looks like someone K-popped me in the face. So after college, I went to South Korea to teach English. Thanks to my time in Korea, Im now plastic fantastic and obsessed with plastic surgery. When I was in Korea, I used to watch K-pop TV shows every single day. I just couldnt believe how good the dancing was, how good the singing was. Everything was so manufactured, and it was just perfection. BTS debuted when I was there. I became obsessed. I think all of BTS are just so perfect, but for me, Jimin is just my ultimate idol. Ive got multiple cardboard cutouts of Jimin. I take Jimin to the restaurant, I sleep with Jimin in the bed. So I just thought, if I cant be with Jimin, at least I can look like him. In my quest to be just like Jimin, Ive spent about $250,000. Ive probably had over 100 procedures, and Ive traveled all over the world to get surgery. Ive had so many nose jobs, I had my jaw shaved, my eye surgery. My eyes before had literally no definition, they were small. Ive had fat graft in my cheeks, Ive had gynecomastia on my chest, removal of the fat. I literally get my lips done every two weeks, and even my doctor sometimes says no, Im too much. Most of my friends and family really dont understand what Im about. They just think Im just crazy. My fourth rhinoplasty was my last surgery. Instead of getting a cute little button nose like Jimin, I ended up with a crooked bulbous nose tip. I still need my nostrils made smaller, need my tip made cuter, I need the bridge made smaller. I need everything thinner, just to be like Jimin. Im really hoping Dr. Nassif and Dr. Dubrow will do something about it. If the doctors said yes to me, I would just be so happy, it would change my life. If I ever met Jimin, theres one thing I wanna say to him. Jimin... I love you. Are you wearing tennis shoes? I am. Let me see that. Theyre not the most attractive, but look at em. Why are you wearing tennis shoes? Let me tell you why. Because I went to your buddy, Scott Foreman, this weekend. Orthopedic foot surgeon. And he injected some PRP. Really? Right into a little bursitis. Are you taking your shoe off? Yeah, I kinda am. Whoa! B.S. My feet dont smell. Your feet dont smell? No, they dont. Your feet dont smell? No, they dont. Smell your feet, smell your feet. Im a little tight. Your feet stink. Since when has Paul been sticking his foot in his ass? Cause it smells like. Our next patient is named Jorden. Shes from the UK. As you can see, shes an attractive woman who has some deformity and laxity... Tummy tuck kinda thing. ...of her abdominal skin, Okay. and look, shes got what looks to be buttock implants that are malpositioned, particularly over here. Only on this one. Lets figure out what Jordens situation is and see how we can help her. Could you ask her to come in? Sure. Can you please send in Jorden? Hi, how are you? Nice to meet you, Jorden. Nice to meet you. Dr. Nassif. Hi, how are you? Hi, Jorden. Terry Dubrow. nice to meet you. Lovely to meet you. Hi, Im Jasmine. Im really nervous for Dr. Nassif and Dr. Dubrow to see the results Ive been left with from Turkey. So listen, you obviously have had some cosmetic surgery on two specific areas that we see in your photos, right, your abdomen and the buttock area, right? Yeah. So I had a BBL and vaser lipo. Vaser lipo of the abdomen? Yeah, and everywhere. So you had a BBL, you didnt have buttock implants? No. Interesting, okay. I dont know actually. Well, youd know. Youd know if you had an implant in your butt. I dont know. I have no idea whats in my butt. It could be excess fluids, excess fat, Turkish coffee, Ive got-- have not got a clue. So-- okay, so vaser liposuction. Yeah. And that fat was injected into the buttock area. Yeah. Interesting. The problem with ultrasonic liposuction is that it destroys the fat and everything else in its path. If you transfer that destroyed fat, the chances any of it will live in the buttock, once transferred, is very low. So I was really not happy. And then went to go get it done again. Where? Where did you have this done. In England? Turkey. Back in Turkey? Same doctor? Yeah, yeah. It was horrendous the second time. An absolute nightmare. Why? I woke up from the surgery in so much pain. I was screaming in pain, crying. No one cared. And this was immediately after surgery? Immediately after surgery. So, after surgery, you were pretty much left alone. You couldve actually died. Yeah. Medical tourism is a major trend in the world, no matter where you come from. However, just like anything else, if youre chasing extremes, it can get extremely bad. The main concern is, is if youre going for plastic surgery on a budget, you may get what you pay for, and what you pay for in this case, may be a box six feet under. Maybe instead of going to Turkey, you shouldve gone to chicken. Do you know what I mean? Oh, my God. That was-- get it? Turkey, chicken? - I hear what youre saying. - But no. I just dont find it funny. I just-- You guys dont find me funny at all? Not even a little bit? Im just confused. See? Jorden is right on. I think I love this person. But let me ask you, Jorden, if you could just go back to your pre-plastic surgery state, would that be a viable option for you? At this point, I just want a normal looking bum. There you go. So why dont we go in the examination room and try to figure out whats going on and what the solutions are, okay? Okay. Of course I still have BBL envy, but theres a reason for everything. Clearly it just didnt work for me. I just want my 24-year-old body back. The problem with a buttock lift is a scar that goes right across the back. Oh, God. So the doctor says, "I dont know what you do have." No one likes to hear the phrase "I dont know" from a doctor because it means that you may have a rare, untreatable condition. I have no idea what you have. Okay, so youve had vaser on this twice. Yes. So you do have significant laxity. There are two solutions to this problem. One is a tummy tuck, where you make a very long incision from hip to hip, you elevate up the skin, and then you pull it down and tighten the skin. The other procedure is a full regular tummy tuck, where you tighten the abdominal muscles. If you do just a skin only, the recovery is very easy. Its unusual in a young girl to do muscle tightening, and the risk is elevated because of the increased tightening of the entire abdominal wall which can squeeze off the veins of the pelvis leading back to the heart. And lets talk about the other situation, which is quite challenging, and thats the buttock area. Come on over here. What I notice on your buttock exam is that you know, overall, you have a good shape to your buttock, okay. Yeah. But the main issue is that you have some laxity right here. What is it? Well, thats the, by the way, that is the question. What is it? Dr. Dubrow, I need to know what is it my bum. There never is anything in my ass, normally. Im just putting that out there, like... mm-mm. So let me ask you, do you want muscle tightening with your tummy tuck? Yes, yes. You do? Even with the greater risk and the longer recovery. Aye, yai, yai, yai. The solution for laxity, loose skin of the buttock, is a potential buttock lift. Right. Sounds reasonable, right? The problem with the buttock lift is a scar that goes right across the back, just like the scar thats going across the abdomen. And heres the other thing. You ready for this? Oh, God, what now? I know. The only way to do there properly is to two-stage them. You do one first, and then you do the other. The reason Jordens surgery has to be two-staged is that buttock surgery requires you to lay flat, and abdominal surgery requires you to lay in a flexed position. So if you do them both at the same time, ones gonna be sacrificed over the other. Go for it. Whoa, whoa. I dont care. I just, I cant have this. When I think about getting that full tummy tuck, that makes me think, oh, my God, Im so excited. Its gonna give me the tummy that Ive always wanted. Hopefully by the time this is over, youll not only have a good result, youll really appreciate the level of my humor and understand how ridiculously funny I actually am. Okay? No, Im not feeling it. No? All right, never mind. Look at the cakes, look at the sprinkles on those cakes. Yeah, that one looks like the Cinderella. Looks delicious. I know. My name is Gisela and Im not gonna lie. I just wanna get rid of this Pinocchio nose. My nose right now looks long and bulbous and scary looking. I mean, I dont know how else to describe it. Huge. By the time that I was 13, I noticed my nose was bigger than the average nose. So when I graduated from high school, I convinced my parents to let me have my first nose job. I noticed right away that what I wanted corrected was not corrected. So two years later, I started telling my now husband, Jesus, "I really dislike this part of my body, and I really want to get it fixed." The surgery went very well. I was happy with my results, up until about two years ago. I started noticing some changes in my nose. It just kept growing and growing. And thats when I started getting worried. Ah, watch out. You got mommy good. Ive gone to several doctors and I havent been able to get the answer that I want. Theres no better option for me than Dr. Nassif and Dr. Dubrow because theyre the best out there. What about you girls? What do you think about mommy finally getting her nose fixed? I hope it wont hurt. I hope so, too. I want to have a normal, cute nose like yours. Like mine, too? Like Andreas. And like yours, too. In seeing Dr. Nassif and Dr. Dubrow, my biggest hope is that theyre gonna be able to say this is what is wrong with you, and this is a solution and we got this. I had a Caesar salad last night. I love Caesar salad. Where? At my house. Our chef. The only thing is, I dont like Caesar salad with anchovy. What was nature or whatever deity thinking when they made anchovies? Clams, mussels, anchovies. I love clams. Ew. I like mussels, too. Those three type of foods are what I would call slimy, salty, and nasty. A lot like Paul, really, if you think about it. So we have Gisela, and shes got a big nasal tip. Really? So lets take a peak at her. Whoa, yeah. Okay, so she got a big nose. No ones been able to fix that? Poor girl, shes so cute. Can you please send in Gisela? Hi. Nice to meet you, Gisela. Dr. Nassif. Nice to meet you, Gisela. Hi, Im Terry Dubrow, how are you? Nice to meet you. My biggest fear is them telling me there is no cure or fix for my nose. Why dont you tell us why youre here. I noticed you know, that my nose was bigger than the average persons nose, so I wanted to get my nose fixed. But after my first nose job, I still had the huge hump. And so I got my second nose job done, and I was happy. Fast forward eight years, I start noticing that my nose started changing. The tip of my nose kept looking rounder and rounder, and thats when I thought somethings not okay, especially once I felt the tip of my nose was hurting. Just touching it like this? It hurts and it makes my eyes water. So I dont really like the sound of that. When I hear the history of a patient developing pain years after surgery, Im thinking is it an infection, some inflammatory process, or is it a tumor underneath the skin? I was given a referral and sent to a doctor, and he says, "I dont know what you do have. You might be a reportable case, young lady." No one likes to hear, "I dont know," or "You may have a reportable case" from a doctor, because it really potentially means you may have an undiagnosable or even untreatable condition. You know, he gave me a list of things that could possibly, you know, be. Did he say a vascular tumor? Did he scare you with something horrible like that? Yes, at that time is when I came up here and tried to get, you know. So this wasnt too long, then. Three weeks ago. That must be kinda frightening. Um... I feel like I wanna be okay. I have three daughters. The youngest is seven months old, and I wanna be healthy for them. So obviously, thats scary to anybody. You know, your nose just starts growing all of the sudden. You know, its not the most routine thing that we hear. So whats gonna be very important is our physical examination, so lets go do that. The thought of having a tumor on the tip of my nose... I dont wanna have to think that. Now that Im starting to look like Jimin, why not be a K-pop star? And up, snap, snap, snap... Already Im smashing it. Look, what is that? Ew, look at, ew. Okay, Im gonna feel. Im sorry, but I really need... Sure. I know it hurts. Thats fine. But I need to manipulate it a good amount, okay? Okay. Okay. Can you turn your head that way? Can I have that speculum and a q-tip, please? Put your head back. Just falling forward. Looks like they did not fix your deviated septum. Im gonna be honest with you. I have no idea what you have. What does she have? Let me start with what I know for sure, because the big puzzle part is your tip. Yeah. So I can tell you for sure its not a tumor. Okay. So rest assured. Take a nice deep breath. Just by all my experience of looking at thousands of noses, I can tell by looking at Giselas nose with 100% confidence that this is not a malignant tumor. However, there is something there. I just dont know what it is. But Im not gonna know for sure until we open up your nose. If its scar tissue, I remove it. But the bad thing about that, scar tissue grows back. Would I take the risk with your nose? I would. I wanna do that for you. Lets try it, lets do it and hope for the best. I really like Gisela, and Ill do whatever I can to figure out whats going on with her nose, because right now, Im stumped. Thank you. Its a pleasure. And I look forward to seeing you. Thank you. Pleasure to meet you. Thank you, likewise. Now that Im starting to look like Jimin from BTS, I just thought why not be a K-pop star? Okay, K-pop choreography. So the really important thing is to look sexy, cute. So Ive released my own K-pop song, Im starting to sing, Im starting to dance. Already Im smashing it. Five, six, seven, eight. One, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight. Right. Turning. One, two, three, four, snap, snap, snap, eight. Oh, my God. Okay, music. ♪ Eight. Eight. Okay. Yay. I think we got it! Good job. For Ollie, Jimin is like an alter ego I think. Hes put his body through so much to become like this superstar that hes actually becoming a superstar himself. I think youre gonna be like the UKs answer to Jimin. Well, like, Im already like Jimin. Everyone thinks Im Jimin. And Ive heard it down the street when Im with you its been crazy. I need to fix my nose cause right now, my nose is so hideous. Ollies the most good-hearted person in the world until it comes to his surgery, and then hes as stubborn as a mule. That looks better. So do you think I could audition for BTS if I can master these moves? Who knows? Its only a matter of time before I become the biggest star in Korea, and its only a matter of time until Jimin asks me to do a duet. That was so much fun. - Oh, hello. - Hi. How are you? Good, you? Good to see you, Jorden. Lovely to see you. How are things? Theyre not bad. Bet youll find me funny today, wont you? No. Huh. Come on, lets look at it. Im hoping two things. One, of course, Im hoping Im successful giving you a buttock lift that relieves you of this droopiness down here and looks good. And two, this buttock lift should give you a laxity improvement. This is the first surgery. Im gonna have my bum lifted first, and then Ive gotta heal and wait weeks to then have my stomach tightened. Im really impatient. I hate dealing. Im a little concerned afterwards youre gonna want more shaping, more projection. You were in Turkey. Maybe shell go to chicken next or something. Oh, no it was silly. It wasnt funny, it was silly, like oh, I just felt bad. You laughed. I felt bad cause no one else was gonna laugh. The challenge with Jordens surgery today is that shes got significant laxity, shape issues, and projection issues, but Im really only able to attack those issues through a single horizontal incision, and thats challenging. Today, for Jordens surgery, I will start by making a single incision in the horizontal plane at the top of Jordens buttocks. I will then assess the buttocks for any scar tissue or dead fat, and remove it. Finally, I will lift the upper portion of her buttock, which is going to give Jorden the shape that she wants. All right, lets start by making an incision here. Look, what is that? Ew. She had vaser liposuction, so they put killed dead fat and put it in the buttock and expected it to live somehow. I mean, thats how they got such a ridiculous laxity of the skin. They destroyed everything in the area. Im finding these fluid filled capsules and dead fat throughout Jordens buttock area, which clearly indicates that everywhere that ultrasonic fat was transferred, it caused either fat necrosis or a fluid filled cyst. All right, Heidi, lets bring this together. Thats pretty good, that feels good. Thats beautiful. Now, lets do the right side and fix this problem here. Its interesting, there are no oil cysts on this side. Okay. Lets staple this. Yeah, thats good. Okay, Im really happy with this. Weve got good elevation of the buttock, complete removal of that lax area in the right lower gluteal area, and a really good shape. Phase one done. Lets close her up and get her into recovery, all right? You want a nose that looks like Jimin? Do you sing, too? Yeah,. Wait, wait, wait, wait. Just as I thought it was safe to go back inside the nose... Oh,. Miss Gisela. Hi, good morning. Good morning. How are you? How are you? Im good, Im ready to find out whats going on. Well, we both are. Our goal is to put your tip back and up. But, we just have to see. Im just ready. Pleasure. Thank you so much, likewise. Well take good care of you? Thank you, bye-bye. Well see you in the operating room. Yes, thank you. For Giselas surgery today, I will open the nose and fix her deviated septum by performing a septoplasty and turbinoplasty. Then Ill take down her residual hump and close the open roof deformity. Lastly, I will remove what I think is scar tissue from her tip. Im not quite sure what Ill find in Giselas nose, but once were in there, we can develop the best plan for her procedure. Did she have a cyst in her nose? Maybe. It just all came out just with the injection. Oh, my God. Look at her tip. Just decompressed completely. Im puzzled. Ive never seen anything like this. Okay, puzzling, puzzling, puzzling, but interesting. Usually when I make a plan for the nose, Im about 98% correct. This time Im 100% incorrect. This is uncharted territory. Okay, so Im gonna go really careful obviously on this. Okay, lets see her old incisions. Stop, what is that? Its a stitch. Oh, here, get that. Its gonna squirt. Oh, Jesus Christ. Oh, theres more stitches. So theres some, maybe theres a reaction but Ive never seen that. Okay, lets start doing the septum. Oh, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait. Stop. Camera. Stop, camera, culture. Thats pus. Thats more of an abscess. Culture now. Just give me a little gentle suction here, just a smidge. What we can do is put a- Oh,. Do a literature search for a fluid filled sac, - at the nasal tip. - At the tip. Just as I thought it was safe to go back inside the nose... All right heres a paper, its 2012-- nasal tip abscess due to adverse skin reaction to prolene. Unusual and long-term complication. It was a prolene stitch. Well, first time for everything. So there was only five reported cases in the literature ever of prolene suture allergy. So heres another big prolene stitch. Thats exactly what it is. An allergy to prolene stitches. Remember the doctor said this was a reportable case? This is now a reportable case. Now that weve made sure that nothing else is hiding in Giselas nose, we need to irrigate it with an anti-microbial antibiotic, and I think its safe to say that we can finally move on to Giselas reconstruction. So this is her natural-- thats that over projected tip. Yep. Okay, so the point is, we need rim grafts. I have rims. Do you have an infratip graft? I have a-- basically a long piece morselized, I can tape them to two. The skin is gonna have to go. I like the tip projection. I think right now it looks pretty good. Yeah, it looks really good. All right, so Im gonna scrub out. Since were very academic and we do a lot of writing here, this would be a great example to tell everyone. Prolene sutures, especially big ones, can cause this reaction in the nose. So we use absorbable sutures. Very interesting and bizarre case. So, who do you have next? So we have Oliver. He flew across the pond to see us. So we have two patients who came all the way across the pond? Yeah. Look at his lips, look at his nose. Look at his brows. I dont know what hes exactly here for. I just know something about K-pop. K-pop, okay. Can you please send in Oliver? Hi, doctors. Im Jason. Okay, so heres Oliver. Hi, Jason. Terry Dubrow. How are you? How are you? Nice to meet you. This is my friend Jimin. Hi, how are you doing? Is this the K-pop guy? This is my K-pop idol. Hes my love. I love him so much. - You do? - How beautiful is he? Well, you just gave him a kiss on the lips there. No, hes perfect, Im in love with him. Hes got the perfect face. I would love a cardboard cutout of Terry, because you know what, the conversations would be so much more interesting. Less narcissistic attitude, less joking around, and less making fun of me. So did you originally start having plastic surgery to look like that band member? Yeah, basically in the last five years Ive just changed everything about myself. I had my blepharoplasty and my first rhinoplasty in Korea. The silicon implant went to the side, so I had to get it done again in China and then again in Poland and then again last year in Armenia. Do you wanna sound like him? Do you sing too? Yeah, I released a song this year. Basically, I made the song for Jimin. Its called "Perfection." Can we hear just a few little notes of the song? Yeah, so its. Thank God for Auto-Tune. Thats all I say. Whats Auto-Tune. Auto-Tune, to make you sound good. Thats our part at the studio. I dont know what Auto-Tune is. No, because you gotta understand something. You dont know what Auto-Tune is? No, go ahead, make fun of me. Maybe you should try it. I can sing pretty high, or I can sing pretty low. Thats the bottom line is you wanna get a nose that looks like Jimin? Yeah, I mean, I wanna do a lot of things. Im going to Korea this year, so Im gonna change my face, b-line jaw surgery. Just like Jorden, Oliver went out of the country to have plastic surgery. If you look hard enough, you could always find a plastic surgeon somewhere to do extreme plastic surgery on you. The problem with that is, the more extreme the plastic surgery, the more extreme the dangers. What we wanna do is go take a look at your nose, and then tell you our thoughts and see if we can help you and see where we are at trying to achieve Jamal, Jamile. - Jimin. - Jimin. Come one, youve gotta get it right. Its Jimin. This skin could die. My skin could die? And then your whole K-pop future is done. Oh, my God. So her entire abdominal wall has been replaced by scar tissue, not good. - Hey guys. - Hey, again. How are you? I would love to see you with shoes like that. Theyre very Elton John, arent they? Theyre very Elton John. All right, before we even talk about everything, lets examine, all right? Nasal bones, right hump still more than the left. Bones are narrowed properly. Good support. All the cartilage has been removed from here. Yeah. Theres nothing. All you have is two little pieces of cartilage right here. So even if I wanted to, you cant make this smaller because theres no cartilage there, its gone. Your nose already is as close as possible. Youre done. Oh, my God. In order to shape or rebuild a nose, there needs to be a certain amount of cartilage to work with. In Olivers case, he barely has any cartilage, which is gonna make it difficult to give him the look that he wants, but it would also make it an incredibly high risk surgery. My skin could die? Thats terrifying. Die. And this whole little round thing, this center unit, will just turn black. Yeah, black. But wouldnt it fall off? Yeah. And then your whole K-pop future is done. Id be ruined. Theres a few things that a K-pop star needs. Obviously need to be able to sing, dance, look good, and have a nose. But if it fell off, I couldnt be a K-pop star. My life would be ruined. I wouldnt even leave the house. So you just gotta leave it alone. Are you gonna do that? Im terrified about what youve said actually, like about my nose falling off or going black. Like, that would be my worst nightmare, not even having a nose. Like Id rather have a big nose than have no nose. Dont do it. - Dont do it, Ollie. - Cause the risk is too high? Risk is too high. Although medical tourism is very popular, it can also be very dangerous. You dont know who the surgeon is, anything about the clinic, and if you have a complication, you dont know whos gonna be taking care of you. So bottom line, make sure you do extensive research before choosing your doctor. Im kind of in shock right now. Dr. Nassif obviously is the best, so I kind of need to listen to his advice. But then I kind of need to continue following my dream to look like Jimin. I dont think Im gonna be happy until I look like Jimin. Thats my number one goal. Its been a few weeks since my first surgery, and I feel really good about my bum. Okay, here we go. Oh, my God. Does that feel good having that off? Yeah, I can breathe. So its good. Kinda nailed it. Today is my second surgery. Its for my tummy, and I feel really really excited. I am really looking forward to having it all flattened out and exactly how Ive wanted it to be. Today, for Jordens surgery, I will start by making a single incision on Jordens lower stomach. I will then lift up the abdominal wall and tighten the abdominal wall muscles. Finally, I will pull the excess skin down and remove it, giving Jorden the 24 year old stomach she deserves. Okay, so although this is a high-risk tummy tuck, it still is a pretty standardized tummy tuck. She had lax skin of her abdomen, and so this should be pure yellow fat here, instead her entire abdominal wall has been replaced by scar tissue. It is no BS to say when you elevate up the abdominal skin on a case like Jordens where shes had severe scarring and reduction of blood supply from vaser ultrasonic liposuction, that she may be subject to total abdominal wall necrosis. This may be a problem for wound healing postoperatively. And now were looking at the separation of her muscles. For her, more limited separation, we sewed the abdominal wall up in two layers. First layer is a series of interrupted stitches. The second layer is an overlying running stitch. These are very big permanent stitches. And bring them together. That will flatten her stomach. So thatll give her a better cosmetic result. Muscles are tightened, nice and flat. Belly button is attached to the abdominal wall fascia. Thats very good. All right, lets flex her, see how much skin we remove. Although Ive found significant scarring inside of Jordens abdominal wall while elevating up the skin, the moment of truth is when you cut the end of the tissue off and determine whether theres enough blood supply to heal the wound and prevent the whole thing from falling apart postoperatively. Its bleeding well. Yeah, no, that should be okay. Good. Okay, so thats the laxity problem. Her right side, thats just her right side. So, bye-bye. Lets do the other side. Okay, so roughly the same piece on the other side. Yeah, right there. Bye-bye. Jordens skin looks good, and her blood supply looks good. Lets just hope she heals well and doesnt suffer any wound disruption problems that could be a real disaster. All right, lets close. Boo-yah. Hello, look at you. How are you? Good to see you. As good as can be. Jesus... How are you? I am super anxious. I have been waiting to find out whats going on for quite a while now. Im hoping Dr. Nassif has some answers for me. This was a mystery to me. I know. The mystery has been solved. How are you feeling? As good as I can. Your incision line looks fantastic. Your tip looks fantastic. All right, lets go through a beautiful story. Its a love story. My nose has never been a love story. Something surprising happened. Some yellow fluid came out, and heres what I see. Oh, my God, what happened to my nose? That whole projection thing, that was fluid. While Im there, though, Im finding some permanent big blue sutures. Theyre called prolene sutures. Right. While were in the operating room, we did a literature search. Remember like that other doctor told you, you know this is notable, were gonna write this up? Yeah. Well, this is worthy of that. So youre the sixth person that possibly is allergic to prolene suture. Wow. So youre pretty famous for this now. Who wouldve known, you know, I was gonna be famous for my nose, you know. The thing that Ive hated the most in my whole life is whats making me famous in a way. Thats crazy to me. Im really excited to see how your nose turns out. Absolutely. Well see you later on. Thank you so much. Congratulations. Thank you. - Jesus. - Thank you. Its crazy, like you know, I had that in there for the longest time. Im so glad Im done with this. Im so happy. Awesome. Congrats. In all of plastic surgery, that operation is the most stressful on the body. My life has just changed dramatically, so todays just a celebration. Hello, hi. Jorden? Hi. Look at her smiling. I know. How are you? Good, you? Im good. Having a tummy tuck feels like youve been crushed almost by a bus or that youve just been running in the gym. It just is beyond any type of pain that Ive genuinely felt before. The abdominoplasty is a giant operation, you know. In all of plastic surgery, that operation is the most stressful on the body. Because you had vaser ultrasonic liposuction, there was a ton of scarring. Oh, gosh. I have to make sure Jordens abdominal wound has enough blood supply to heal because if it doesnt, it will turn black and die, and that is a major disaster we dont want. Okay, so lets look and see what we have here. Look at that, hardly any bruising. No wound separation. Belly buttons alive. I wanna cry. Yeah. The last time I had a flat stomach was well over a year ago. And to be honest, all the emotional draining that I had has just been taken away from me. I feel good about something I didnt find in there, and that is any evidence at all of a funny bone. My funny bone, Dr. Dubrow, is definitely not gonna be in my stomach. Everyone knows the funny bone is on the elbow. You just had a huge operation on the back of another huge operation, literally, and so... That actually made me laugh. I know, right? Finally Jorden finds one of my jokes amusing. No matter what, the surgery clearly has been effective. Thanks, guys. Youre gonna make me cry again. One of the major things that came out of this surgery is that, you know, that there is nothing cancerous. And it feels like a big weight off her shoulders, you know? Im sure. Now that Im all healed up from surgery, I mean, my life has just changed dramatically. I am so relieved to know that there is no more foreign substance in my body that had been there for so long. The anxiety of not knowing is gone. So today is just a celebration. Hello everyone. Hi! Hey, you guys. You look amazing. Thank you, you guys look amazing. Hi, you look great. Hi, baby. Thank you, thank you. Im so excited for you. Thank you. For us. For us. Finally. I know. Gisela looks absolutely beautiful today and Im just so happy that she can put this nose journey behind her. Oh, my God, its been a crazy ride, a crazy journey, but I am so grateful for all of you all. Whos ready to ride ponies? Me. There you go. All right, lets go. Before my surgery, the tip of my nose was huge. It would hurt when I touched it, and I looked like Pinocchio. Not knowing what was wrong with my nose and thinking it could be a tumor made me anxious about possibly not being around to raise my kids. But now, thanks to Dr. Nassif, I finally have answers. My nose made me unique because of it being such a rare case, and the fact that it looks amazing is just an added bonus. I feel more beautiful than ever, and I could not be happier. ♪ Its hard to be yourself sometimes ♪ - Hey, Jasmine. - Hi. Wheres your friend, Jorden? I dont know, Im just waiting for her. She takes forever. Im hoping to see that Jordens happy and excited about her new body. When I look back and see what happened to my BBL in Turkey, it literally felt like an absolute nightmare. Now, I feel happy. I feel like my social life is back to how it was. I can wear tight clothes again and I just love my body. There she is. Oh, my God. Hi! Oh, my God, Jord, give us a spin. Oh, wow. Look at that bum. Oh, my God, your stomach is so flat. Like perfect, like completely, like smooth. Oh, my God, the lump is not there at all. It just looks amazing. Sit down, sit down, sit down. Can you imagine if I fell over and I had to call Dr. Dubrow and I was just like, "Hi, can we redo all of my surgeries?" Whoo! I didnt honestly think that this day would come, to be honest. Yeah. But now obviously, no more duck butt, no more pouch. Just kind of flat stomach, nice perky bum. Im just genuinely so happy. Yeah, thats so good. Before my surgery, I had a duck butt, and my stomach had this weird bulge. But now, thanks to Dr. Dubrow, my waist is nice and tiny and I have a nice normal looking bum. I finally feel like Ive got my 24-year-old body back, and now Im ready to show it to the world. My bum is no longer a cat-ass-trophe. Its more like an ass-trophy. Cheers to my new body. Cheers! I live and breathe plastic surgery. I suppose you can call me the plastic surgery ambassador. My fat is coming back in different places. Ive never had a fat nun ever. What? Vagina. After three surgeries, then you have a car accident. Exactly, my nose was a disaster. No way. The needle is bending. I cant even get the needle in the skin. My right breast is slowly migrating upward onto my chest. What is that? Slime everywhere. What the hell? OpenSubtitles recommends using Nord VPN from 3.49 USD/month ----> osdb.link/vpn 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 