Botched: Season 6, Episode 14 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Botched 
 s6e14 - Boobs Dance and a Second Chance - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Botched (2014–…): Season 6, Episode 14 - Boobs Dance and a Second Chance - full transcript 
 While Dr. Nassif steps into the surgical ring to help a boxer's crushed nose, Dr. Dubrow needs his A game to bring a young woman's dead breasts back to life. And Norway's biggest breasts loves to make her boobs dance. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 I have the biggest fake boobs in Norway. Ive never operated on someone with implants this big. In my 33 years of boxing, Ive broken my nose approximately 22 times. I lost a lot of belief in myself as far as how I look. I-- I destroyed my marriage. Hes got-- Hes got so much scar tissue in his nose. - Its like a rock. - Yeah. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 And you have no nipple. And I have no nipple. This is the worst complication from a breast reduction I have ever seen. At this point I feel I have no hope. My name is Sindy Starlet, and I have the biggest fake boobs in Norway. I love big boobs. When I see a woman with big boobs, I get very, very happy because big boobs are sexy. I have always been a person that want to stand out from the crowd, 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 so had decided just I wanted biggest boobs ...in Norway, and I wanted to do that because bigger is beautiful. I find a doctor in Brussels that could do my boobs. Before my surgery, he told me he dont know how much it will fill up, so actually when I woke up, I was a little bit surprised that I had 1,650 cc each. I was so excited because I-- I knew I could be more popular on social media. I start to post it and I see my social media to grow. Maybe I could see opportunity for me there. I actually made my first single, "Boobs Dance." Its about big boobs. I think I surprised everyone with my song, especially my haters. Now, when my boobs are perfect, I finally can start to think about doing my nose because Im not happy with my nose I feel that my nose is like a pencil. It is pointed. I want to make it shorter. The left side, I feel my nostril is higher up than the right side. And I think my nose are not straight. I had two different nose surgery. The doctor removed the bump, but I didnt get the shorter nose. I got quite disappointed. Its not the size that I wanted. I dont feel that I have a hundred percent self-esteem because of my nose, but I have to do my music. I have to do music videos, and I have to do my second song, and I cant stop. If I fix my nose, maybe I can be more popular. Want my nose to look cute and beautiful, especially now when I have my dream boobs. Im so scared, traumatized with the whole surgery now because I see myself, and I feel like, who can possibly fix this? My name is Esmeralda. My boobs look like the breasts of Frankenstein. My breasts are uneven. I have no nipple, no areola, and discolored skin. It sucks that having to get-- from having to get a reduction. Now I dont have breasts to fill up the actual bras. By the time I graduated high school, I was already a triple D. My boobs were too-- too much. So I went in for a breast reduction, and Im left with nothing. I have no boobs. Right now Im 21 years old, and I have to be specific with what I wear to make sure that all my scars are hidden because my scars high, and then since one boob is bigger than the other, I have to put on sponges in the bra so they can look even. Never in a million years did I think this was going to be the outcome. I feel like I dont deserve this. What do you have for us? Okay, so this is a patient named Esmeralda, okay, who came in for a breast reduction to a doctor, and cute, young girl, and this happened. Oh... Is that crazy? I mean, look at that. What the heck happened? Thats getting me nauseated. The poor young lady having this happen to her. What the heck are we going to do to fix this? Can you please send in Esmeralda? Esmeralda, hi. Dr. Nassif. Nice to meet you. Terry Dubrow. How are you? Nice to meet you. Ive seen a lot of breast reductions, and Ive seen a lot of complications from them, but this is the worst complication from a breast reduction I have ever seen. Esmeralda, what happened? Take us back. I was 18. I was already at triple-D breasts. Mm-hm. And I started to feel the back pain. Perfect reason to consider having a breast reduction. Yeah. Mm-hm. So you went to a plastic surgeon. Yeah, he said, "Okay, what size do you want?" I said, "High B, low C." He said, "Okay, thats fine." So what happened? When did the nightmare begin? Yeah, what was the first thing you noticed? Um, I started to smell some-- Smell was coming through my shirt. Thats when I started to panic. Was it like a putrid odor, like dying flesh? Yes, yes, yes. I feel like we know what a dead body smells like now. Right? The tissue looked like it was dying. So what did your doctor tell you? Hes like, "We can fix this. Its okay." Each visit Id go in, he was cutting in deeper and deeper, which was the dead skin. For six months Id go to see him up to three times a week just so he can cut off the dead skin. until it turned, like, flesh, open flesh, but deep. It was deep. I ended up getting two holes, one hole on each breast. He never sent you to a wound-care center. No. If you have tissue necrosis and tissue loss, and you need to treat it by surgical removal, you have to do it very aggressively and very quickly. Otherwise, if youre behind the eight ball, the last thing that breast is going to be shaped like is a billiard ball. What about the infection? Mm, put Vaseline. Vaseline, Vaseline, Vaseline. This guy sounds like a real putz. I mean, what guy would do that-- even someone who has no idea about medicine? "Oh, its okay. Put Vaseline on it." I mean, an infected, smelly thing. Just out of curiosity, did that doctor tell you any of the complications that could occur? No. I know its a-- theres a percentage that it can happen, but I never thought itd be me. Right. Esmeraldas doctor couldve done a successful breast reduction surgery. However, the post-operative care is what brought Esmeralda down this disastrous path, and everybody heals differently. Some are more resilient than others. And its up to the doctor to actually manage and watch the wounds to prevent any irreversible complications. So how long after that did it take to sort of close up the wound? Like five, six months. The whole areola, the whole nipple, was just hard and black. I was now hooding a white gauze over each breast. What that gauze would do was stick onto my skin, so every time Id shower and Id have to take it off, itd peel off the scab, which was the nipple and the areola. I feel like at that time I gave up. And you have no nipple. And I have no nipple and no areola. You have no nipples. And she was crying, and for me to see her like that, I was like, my daughters going through this, and its not right. And I would always pressure her, like, get a second opinion. Right. She didnt want any part of it. She thought she was becoming an adult, and she knew what she was doing. She didnt know because, I mean, shes 18. I dont know. I was just scared. I was embarrassed to show them. Of course youre scared and embarrassed. I understand that. And then what happened after that? I didnt-- I havent gone back. They dont care. that this 18 year old is going through all this. Yeah. At this point I feel I have no hope. It brings me down. Thank you. And I have-- I have my whole future ahead of me. Obviously I wanna-- I want my confidence. What are your goals with your breasts? Its too much to ask, but my main thing is my nipples. I want even breasts, and I want to minimize my scars as much as possible. You wanna be normal. Normal. Esmeraldas case is really appalling. I wanna find, if I can, some way to give her some semblance of normal anatomy, but its not going to be easy. Normals a good goal. Lets go figure this out. So all right now youre talking about is implants or no implants. Tough decision. What do you wanna do? My nose. I think its beautiful. You are, uh, blind. Then I gotta be blind. So let me see whats going on physically. Im scared of hearing, "We cant fix this." Im not normal. I wish I had pretty boobs, Nice chi chis. Okay, so... That tissue does not feel too thin, that scar tissue. Your left is much smaller than your right. Is that a remnant... Yeah. ...of the nipple? Yeah, can I have a Q-tip? Your nipples intact here. Theres some remnant of the areola. Yeah. You dont appear to have much in terms of nipple or areola here. There might be a little bit here and here. Can you feel this? - Yeah. - Thats all good news. - Yeah. - That is good news. Let me see one thing. Boom. See, this is-- this is what I can give her without implants. What do you think of this size? Its so small. Yeah, smaller than youd like. So we have two choices. Take your existing tissue and just mold it into reasonably shaped breasts. Risky? But lower than option two. Option two, lift everything up, put breast implants underneath the muscle, getting better fullness, better projection, and the size that you want, but much more risky in terms of possible breast-implant complications or even problems healing, like you had before, and then do tattooing for the nipples and the areolas in the future. Okay? So all right now youre talking about is implants or no implants. Tough decision. Yeah. What do you wanna do? I understand, like, the whole health reasons and everything. I wish I didnt need implants, but I also wanna be confident again. I want cleavage. So you want implants. Yeah. Now I have to get implants to get the results that I wanted to in the first place. Its just crazy. I mean, you-- you-- The story you tell us is disgusting. You know, it makes me wanna vomit when I hear that story. This is T zero, day one, moving forward in terms of trying to make this the best it can be. One-two. My name is Chris. Im a boxer and I have a left hook nose. Its mushed, theres no cartilage left, and its very, very tough to breathe. In my 33 years of boxing, Ive broken my nose approximately 22 times. I had three surgeries to fix it, but, as my boxing progressed, and as my nose got broken more, it just got worse and worse over the years. There was no breathing. I had no breathing because I had no nose. My nose was flat. I lost a lot of belief in myself as far as how I looked, and then-- the age of 38, I met someone very special to me, and I wanted to get married. So I wanted my nose to look good, and I find a double board-certified rhinoplasty specialist. And after two different surgeries, my nose looked like a pancake, and then, during that time, a friend of my wifes had said, "How could you be with a guy with a nose that looks like that?" I was absolutely devastated, and that really, really hurt. I thought, if I couldnt fix my nose, the only thing I have of these, and I buried myself into boxing. I forgot that I was a husband. I-- I destroyed my marriage. I-- Im gonna go see Dr. Nassif and Dr. Dubrow. Right. And get their opinion. Are you hesitant to do it? Im nervous. Im nervous, man. I know how much this has affected you. After the last surgery, you changed. The quality of your has diminished a lot. In 2018 I decided to end my career as a professional boxer, so when its time that I fix my nose for good. Touch, touch! Today we are filming my first video. for my "Boobs Dance" song. Of course my nose is holding me a little bit back, especially in front of the camera, but I have to keep going. Im gonna face my fear and just try to nail it. Thats a cut. All right. Oh, my god. Lets roll some playback. Lets check it out. Oh, my god. This is perfect for me. This is-- This is top-of-the-billboard shot. Its a good thing the song is about boobs and not my nose. No. Is there something you wanna try Maybe we can do another angle. If I go on the side... ...instead of the front. Im joking. What is actually the problem with the nose? My nostril is bigger on the left side. This is my glam side. This is my bad side. If I can shoot the video only-- I wanted my nose to be shorter, like a cute little nose. Its very, very important for me. Dr. Nassif have to fix my nose. I have to visit them. Do you see what I see? I think its beautiful. You are, uh, blind. Then I gotta be blind. Heard a crack. I went, "Oh!" And my nose swelled to the size of a softball. "Oh, thank you, doctor. Is there a co pay with that?" Oh, youre rapping. Yeah, Im a rap star. - Are you nervous? - No. Not a little bit? A little bit but more excited, I think. Its a big change from having triple Ds to nothing. I never thought I would be getting implants, but I feel that with implants, my breasts will look more natural, more normal looking breasts. You didnt just lose the nipple and the areola. You lost a ton of breast tissue. Yeah. The result of that has been a very significant asymmetry in shape and particularly size. Okay? We need to put breast implants in, and, in addition, Im going to try to remove all your scars. And then we need to tighten the breast envelope. Will you be able to save me that nipple, or is that un-- You know, um... I will do everything I can. Okay? And remember, we will do nipple and areola tattooing after you heal. Lets have a little moment. All right? Its a hard case, but its going to be a fun case. I mean, you know, the harder it is, the more fun it is for me. Today, for Esmeraldas surgery, Im going to make incisions on her previous scars and then elevate her breast tissue and create sub muscular pockets so I can insert new implants. Next I will remove her scars, tighten the breast envelope, and manipulate the overlying breast tissue to give her good shape and symmetry. All right, lets lift up the muscle. Its really important to put this implant underneath the muscle because I need good blood supply overlying the breast mound, and the muscle has very good blood supply. Give her lots of numbing medicine. Look at this. Oh, wow. This scar is so thick and so dense that it bent the needle. How many times have you seen that? Not very often. Not very often. All right, show me that 235. The bigger implant I use, the harder time Im gonna have removing all of her scars. Esmeralda wants to be sort of a big B, small C, using not very large implants, which is really good for her because the smaller the implant, the more loose tissue I have and the greater the chance Ill be able to remove all of her old scars. All right, now for the riskier part, were going to remove all the scar, and with it, skin that contains blood supply. See if we can preserve this nipple. Thats not much of a nipple, but its something. Uh-huh. Okay, thats all of her scar removed. Wow. Look at that. All right, lets staple it up and see what it looks like. Come on, baby. Give me a shape. Its a good shape. Lets go to the left side. I need a much bigger pocket on this side. Symmetry is a bitch in this case. Esmeralda didnt only just lose more of her nipple on her left than her right. She actually lost more breast tissue. So shes going to need a larger implant. Fortunately, she also has less scarring, so it should be easier to remove the remaining scar despite the fact that Im using a larger implant. I think 355 is going to be it. All right, lets wash the pocket out and then put the implant in. Maybe I can use that nipple scar, then make a nipple out of it. Normally I dont try to make a nipple at the same time Im doing large surgery, but in Esmeraldas case, she has a scar thats located right where the nipple could be, and if I can utilize that to give it some projection, I can actually achieve breast reconstruction and nipple reconstruction at the same time. And wouldnt that be great for her? Shes been through a disaster. We have good shape symmetry. We have a nipple intact on the right, and I made her one out of scar tissue on the left. Im really actually really happy about this. You made her nipple. I made her a nipple. Lets put her down. Lets close. Who do we have next? We have Chris. Whos Chris? Hes a boxer. A lot of trauma to his nose. Whoa, thats a boxers nose. Yeah, his tip doesnt have a lot of support. No tip support at all. At all. His eyebrows are perfect. His eyebrows are on fleek. No, they dont say that. On fleck? You ever heard these-- Fleek. I-- I dont know. Okay, so the bottom line is-- look it-- What do you do? Do you get up-- I dont know. Do you get up and just go to work? No, but listen. No, I put on the news in the bathroom, do my teeth, TV on. Its right there above. Shower, come out, get in the car, a little bit more news, and then I come to work and Im done for the day. By the way, I just wanna thank you because I just-- in that moment, even though my eyes were awake... You chickened out. I totally got a nap in. Can you please send in Christopher? Chris. How are you? Seeing Chris after his last surgery It was very hard. He puts on a strong act for everybody else. He doesnt wanna show everybody how much-- how much pain hes in, but-- but I know. I hope Dr. Nassif and Dr. Dubrow can help him. Im keeping my fingers crossed, and I wanna see Chris happy again. Give us your story. I grew up in Brooklyn, New York, and my father started watching boxing on TV when I was eight years old, and I got into it. And I was 15. I started training with a professional cutman, and he took me to the New York Golden Gloves in 1988, and I lost. After that fight, I went into the dressing room with my father, and I promised him that I would one day win the Golden Gloves for him. He passed away eight months after the fight, and I won it last year by knockout. Really? Really? So youre boxing currently. So yeah. I-- I-- And how old are you? I just retired. Im 47 now. So you won and then retired. I won and I retired. I ended-- You retired on top. It was-- But... It was my goal. My father was my best friend. I wanted to make him proud. I wanted to fulfill that promise to him. And I finally won this ring for my father. That was the greatest moment of my life. Okay, so going back, youre a kid, you lose, and then whats happening in your life? I was about 19 years old, and I got my nose broken sparring, and I left it like that for a few years. At 22 1/2 I had my nose fixed. I had a septoplasty, I believe, when-- cause my breathing was bad. While you were still boxing... Yes. Having nasal surgery while youre an active boxer is like having breast surgery, a lift, right before you have kids. Whats the point? After my first surgery, I was sparring, and I got hit with a left hook. The whole nose went completely over. Yeah. I had two surgeries to fix my nose. but my nose was still very, very crooked. It was pushed all the way to the left. Then what? It was around 2011, I found this doctor in Manhattan, and he told me that he was going to use cartilage from my ears, and he was going to use Aladerm in the nose also. Cadaver skin. Cadaver skin. So then what happened? So about a week later I went to bed, I woke up, my nose was starting to swell up. So my doctor brought me in. He said, "Wow, thats really swollen." Was there a co pay with that? Chriss plastic surgeon may not have had the greatest technical skills, but his powers of observation were incredible. Uh, I started developing a red spot, and then all the Aladerm started to leak out, and there was green pus coming out. For my fifth procedure, he decided to go back in 30 days after-- And take out all the Aladerm. Yes, and all the ear cartilage. Really? So that infection ate everything inside your nose. Yes. That was my last surgery. And my personal life got very hard. It was hard on-- I had a marriage, and that unfortunately didnt work, and it was because... I just couldnt be myself. My personality completely changed. I just buried myself in boxing. I had to beg the guy to come out of the house. You know? With the negative self-image that he has, hes reluctant to go out. You shouldnt have the hesitation and go out with people who care about you, you know, but thats just what it is with him. I wanna have a normal life. So your lifestyles really been inhibited by this. What are your goals? My breathing, of course, is horrible. And I have nothing left here. Maybe give it a little bit more structure to it, and my tip is so bulbous. So you think its very big. Yes. Okay. Now, I wanna examine your nose cause I dont know if I can achieve some of your goals. I need a piece of rib Hmm. Leave my ribs alone. Thats one of my top, most difficult dissects, especially finding the septum. Where the hell is Chriss septum? So take a look. Actually theres no septum here. Yeah, he needs a complete septal reconstruction. Can you tell how high the septum is? Yeah, its low. I want you to hold this for me. Breathe in and out normally. Okay, wait for it. Wait for it. Now, do it. Any better? Yes. Okay. So the inside of your nose, the septum, which adds support for the left and the right side is pretty much gone. The tip ptosis, no projection. Theres also inhibiting the air going in. Your tip isnt that big. You said, "My tip is bulbous." You said you wanna have your nose made smaller. That doesnt work with me. If there was a gigantic piece of bulbous tip with cartilage, different story. Now, could I support your nose, push it out, make you breathe better? Yes. Now, for me to do this, Id have to add rib to your nose, I have to do an open rhinoplasty, and theres always the risk of complete tissue necrosis, and you had all that. Yes, I can. Do you want it? Yes, I do. Lets do it. Are you a little bummed that from here forward you wont be able to box with him anymore? You cant touch his nose. A little bit.  That hell punch you in the face? I wanna do one more just for good ol times sake. You know? Hi, Esmeralda, how are you? Im really good. You look great already, though. I dont believe you, but yeah. Okay, so we went in with the idea that we knew we were gonna have to try to remove as much scar as possible on the right, that was a little droopier, and remove as much scar as possible on the left that was smaller. And then breast implants and a lift. Then, while I was at it, I sort of had an idea maybe I can make you something on the left that resembles an areola and a nipple. Hearing Dr. Dubrows say that he created a nipple, I didnt even think that that was possible. So lets take a look. Yeah, thats really swollen in the center. But lets look at this nipple. Okay, so the nipples a hundred percent alive. And, look, all the scar tissue-- remember that tons of scar tissue? Its all gone. Now, look at this one. Check this out. By the way, doesnt that look like a nipple and areola? Yeah, that does. They look much better. Right? Dr. Dubrow did an awesome job. Seeing her so emotional crying that she felt good and she saw herself, I think now she can start her new life and leave all this behind. I had no hope. You didnt? I was so scared. Cant lose hope. Were here for hope. Were here for you. Theyre amazing. Yeah. Good job, my friend. All right. So do you have any questions for me? The main one, I just wanna know, like, you said of the whole tattoo and the nipple and-- Absolutely. Although I was able to manipulate the scar tissue to get some semblance of a nipple and nipple projection of Esmeraldas left, shes gonna need areola tattooing on both sides to put the final touches and really to give her the icing on the cake. Im excited. Me too. All right? Well keep a close eye on it. If anything changes, Ill be all over it. Congratulations. Give us a little hug. Huh? Thank you. Have you been to Norway? No. The closest Ive come to it is taking a cruise. Have you ever dated a Norwegian? Swedish. You dated a Swedish girl. Yes, but never Norwegian. Never a Norwegian girl. No. Yeah, Im not surprised Paul dated a Swedish girl. Hes always loved their meatballs. We have a lovely patient named Sindy. She comes to see us all the way from Norway. Now, she is-- loves plastic surgery. - So she has some nasal obstruction. - Yeah. Shes narrow on the middle vault on the left. Yeah. A little deviated septum still. All right. So she came all the way out. Lets go say hi to her then. Can you please send in Sindy? Hello. Nice to meet you. Dr. Nassif. Sindy. Its feel good to meet the doctors finally. They are very lucky to meet me. Im very unique and special. And I have the biggest boobs in Norway, so mmm. Thank you for coming in. Youre both very tall. Yes. Are you tall by Norwegian standards, or are you average? Above the average type, yeah. If youre in Norway, walking around, you know, minding your own business, you run across a person whos extremely short and hairy, whats the first thing that comes to your mind? You look like a troll. Nassif. I dont know. Im just kidding. He said you look like a troll. I know. I heard that. By the way, Im not short. Im medium. So heres what we know. We know that you had a couple of rhinoplasties. Yeah. And some type of breast work, obviously. Yes, its 1,650 CC each. I made a song. Oh, you made a song. Yes. Well, we have to hear that. Oh, youre rapping. Yeah, Im a rap star. So you made your song about your boobs. Yeah. Then you started to have nasal work done, right? When did you start that? In 2006. He removed the bump. And the second in 2008. I wanted shorter but I didnt see any difference. What are you trying to achieve with your nose? I want a small, cute nose. When I take a picture, I never do it on the front. Only on the side because I dont feel nice with this nose. All right, so we know what you wanna do. So lets go to the examination room. Yes. And well go from there, okay? Obviously the best way to do this is to take out the breast implants-- No, no, no, no... With that big piece of cartilage here, if he gets hit, you know, one-- one hit... Boom. ...thats gonna fracture, and your nose will be ruined. - All right. - Yep. So first lets take a peek. Lower your chin. - Okay, so that bones out. - Yeah. That bones in. Look at the middle vault on the nose. Yeah. Collapsed on the left. Very uneven. Normal cartilage here, missing cartilage here. Thats why your nostrils pulled up. So lets talk about your nose. The only way for me to make it look more symmetric, it means making things a little wider. Number one, I have to pull down that nostril on the left. And the way for me to do that is I have to kind of reconstruct or add back some of the cartilage that you had. Two, this, as I mentioned, caved in. I have to insert a piece of cartilage all the way from here, going all the way up, to help push that bone out. So I need a long piece of straight, firm cartilage about that long. Where are you gonna take it from? I have a suggestion. Tell me. Rib. Rib. Very good. So correct. I need a piece of rib. Hmm. Now, most scenarios, the rib that we take is the fifth or the sixth rib, which is really high, up to here. But let me tell you right now. Ive never operated on someone with implants this big. So can you lift up your right breast as much as you could? Hold on. So this is already the-- down by the eighth rib. Yeah, yeah. Okay, because the implant is so big, you were all the way down by the eighth rib. And it need to be from the sixth, not the eighth. To make it symmetric, I need straight rib. Okay. Yeah. We usually dont harvest the eighth, ninth, or even tenth rib because its usually very small in diameter and really curvy, and I need some straight cartilage for Sindys nose. Obviously the best way to do this is to take out the breast implants No, no, no, no... Take the rib... No. ...then go back and three, four, five, six months, have them put the implants back in. Its not possible to use-- Leave my ribs alone. I wish but we cant. It has to be your tissue. I wish he could take cartilage from other part of the-- my body. Take my feet, my hands, fingers, put it in my nose. So I think my question to you is how important is it for you to get your nose, and I have to use a rib? I think I leave my nose. I have a boob song. You know, I cant-- - Yeah, thats right. - Thats right. I cant remove them. You cant. Bad riming. Cant have a new boob song come out with no boobs. No, thats for sure. Not with flat boobs. For sure. Hopefully Dr. Nassif will call me and say, "Sindy, I found a solution. We can actually borrow the cartilage of Ken, and we are set. And you can get a new nose." I could borrow your-- borrow your ribs. Im glad theres no problem. My boxer brother, how come your eyebrows are so perfect? Oh, I got a good-- I got a good threader. You know, for a tough, crazy guy like you, youre kind of metro. I am. I take good care of myself. Yeah. I do. Yeah. You do. I mean, everything is, like, perfect. Yeah. Okay, good. We are ready to have fun. For Chriss surgery, were going to harvest rib so I can create a new tip for Chriss nose. Then Im going to make an incision on his columella and raise the skin so I can find his septum and perform a revisional septoplasty to open up his airways. Finally Im going to take the harvested rib cartilage and build multiple graphs to elevate his dorsum, open his nostrils, and give his nasal tip projection. So I made the incisions to open up the nose. And were countering a good amount of scar already. I wanna go careful because I dont wanna pop through the skin, Christine. Feels thick and hard. Come on. You can see it looks... Tough. Everything is stuck. Be careful. Hes got... Hes got so much scar tissue in his nose. - Its like a rock. - Yeah. I know Ive had my share of hard noses, but Chriss nose takes the cake by simply trying to elevate the skin from along his dorsum with all that scar. I mean, wow! All right, we lift up the skin. And we did that without making any holes in the skin. Whoo. We got a long way to go. Finally, now that weve got Chriss nose open, we have to find the septum. The septum is very important for the reconstruction. Once we find that, we add the septal extension graft, and that is going to give us support and projection. I hear some popping of the rib out there. All right, heres the rib coming out. Okay, so that rib looked good. All right, I dont know where the septum is, Christine. I have to find the septum if were going to, you know, put a septal extension graft on it. Maybe he doesnt have one. Thats one of my top most difficult des-- especially finding the septum. Where the hell is Chriss septum? If I cant find it, then I will not be able to rebuild Chriss nose, and the surgery will be over. I-- I cant find anything yet. I cant even find normal septum. Im feeling something a little hard. Praise the Lord, we found some septum. Okay, let the reconstruction begin. So lets take a peek at this for a minute. His skin is so thick, and it will hide the little irregularities from that graft. Any cartilage, anything. With Chris Im able to add cartilage to elevate his dorsum, nostrils, and tip, because its in the area where the skins a little bit thicker, and you will not see the cartilage. Okay, so putting a tip together. Look it! Its like a airplane. All right, so the nose is pretty straight. We added support to his tip, lifted it up, its not ptotic anymore. I think we did a great job. Looks good. And now his nose is firm, a lot straighter, His airway is open more. Overall Chris should have a date by next week. How are ya? Good to see you. Hiya, doc. How ya doing, buddy? Good. The comparisons for all my previous surgeries and this surgery is literally night and day. Im ecstatic that Dr. Nassif was my surgeon. Ive never been so grateful to him. Okay, let me just take a look. Put your head for me. Okay, so the number-one thing Im looking at right now is your skin health. Looks good. And it looks good. In regards to your nose, I-- I felt like I actually went a few rounds. Wow. Thats how tough it was for me to get inside. So your skin was stuck everywhere. I mean, you know, your nose was pretty messed up from all that trauma and surgery. So now, with everything, the biggest thing for you is recovering and, more importantly, the goal with him is get his life back to normal. Yeah. So we can get a social life. Im more concerned about this lifestyle. Well, we discussed that. We discussed it. I told him, because with that big piece of cartilage here, if he gets hit, you know, one-- one hit... Boom. ...thats gonna fracture, and your nose will be ruined. We call that the right move. The right move. The bottom line is, Chris, you better be done with boxing. Otherwise Im gonna have Casey kick your butt as long as he doesnt touch your nose. By the way, you also have perfect eyebrows. Both these guys are kind of out of Central Casting. Arent they? For, like, good-looking New York tough guys. That should work. Pleasure. Its great. All right, so well see you next week. Thank you, guys. Thank you. Thanks and I hope that this comes out perfect. Hes gonna go pluck his eyebrows. Im gonna go do that. Well be right back. This is my tattoo master. I now that my nipple tattoos are going to be my favorite. Theyre the final page to this chapter in my life. I wanna be able to take my shirt off. Shall we have a look? Yeah. Hello. Hi. How are you? Good. How are you? Very good. Esmeralda, this is Jason. Hi. Hi, Esmeralda. Nice to meet you. This is my tattoo master. Today Esmeralda finally gets to end the chapter in her book of breast disaster. With this nipple areola tattooing, shes going to take an eight or a nine result and convert it to an eleven. And Im really excited for her. All right, lets lay you back. There! You didnt scare easy. Okay. Youre good to go. You didnt scare me but you sure scared him. Scared me. All right. Today Im getting my tattoos from my nipple and areola. Going through surgery has been tough. I went from triple Ds to nothing. After a breast reduction, being a 21 year old, I felt so ugly about myself I felt like I looked like Frankenstein. I honestly lost hope. Wow, thats looking good. Yeah, and this one... Cool. One down, one to go. Its having that confidence, being happy, showing off, I wasnt able to have any of that. I have four small tattoos, but I know that my nipple tattoos are going to be my favorite. Theyre the final page to this chapter in my life. Wanna be able to take my shirt off. Shall we have a look? Yeah. Yeah. Wow. Cant even tell theyre tattoos. I know. Is that the nipple I made? No, I did that. You did that? You suck. Thats good, right? Yeah. Yeah! Im amazed. I cant believe you did that. Thank you. Looking in the mirror now, I dont-- Im not scared to look at myself anymore. Thinking back to what I used to have before is totally different to what I have now. I cant believe it. They look like breasts. I havent even gone through what theyve gone through. The scars are looking good. Theyll fade and fade as the year goes on. I love it. A journey worth doing, right? Yeah. When Esmeralda first walked into my office, she was not only really physically scarred. She was obviously emotionally scarred as well. But she put her faith in me to try to give her a good result, and I had to give it my best shot. So here she is. Congratulations. Youre awesome. Thank you. Huh? Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Are you guys hungry? Yeah. You guys wanna go have lunch? Yeah. Then lets go. Before my surgery, my boobs looked like the breasts of Frankenstein. I had two totally different sized breasts with scars all over and no nipples or areolas. But now Im bye, scars, and hello, nipples. Dr. Dubrow gave me what I wanted and even more. He gave me even breasts. He got rid of all my scars. And he even gave me nipples and areolas. A thank-you isnt enough for me. I dont think theres enough words to thank him. Dr. Dubrow was that light at the end of the tunnel that I needed to find because at one point I had given up in myself. Im just excited this is all behind me. You guys are not gonna hear me cry and whine about the scars, the uneven breasts. Dr. Dubrow is fabulous. I love my chi chis. All you guys are going to hear now is bragging. The new Esmeralda. Me and my new chi chis. How you doing, man? Doing good. Newlyweds. I know. It was like pulling teeth to get Chris out to that wedding. I cant believe hes coming out to the bar tonight. I know. Its so exciting to see him. Yeah, I know. On a scale of one to ten, I love my new nose, a ten. My confidence is so much better. Im able to just to be myself. I would say Ive been waiting to feel like this for 20 years. You know, I didnt know how self-conscious he was about his nose. Remember when I had my friend over? He took to box with us? Oh, right, yeah. And Chris was there. He wouldnt even shake her hand. He got so embarrassed to even introduce himself. Today will be the first day of the rest of my life. It was impossible to get me out before my surgery. My friends would ask me, "Lets go out for a pint. Lets go have dinner." I would tell them, "Sure, no problem," and I would always make an excuses why I couldnt go. But now I cant wait to show my friends my new look. Hey, everyone. Oh! Oh, my god. You look great. Hi. What a smile. Wow. Thank you. You look like a completely different person. Yeah, I feel like a different person. Wow. Its been, like, a whole different change for me. I cant believe it sometimes. Chriss nose was flat, crooked, everything you could imagine. He had a boxers nose. Now Chriss nose looks great. Chris better not up his nose again cause it is perfect now. You remember. I could press it all the way into my face. Sure.  Your nose was indestructible before. I cant push on my nose anymore. I cant make it collapse. I cant even move it. It has structure to it. Hows your breathing now since the surgery? Breathings great. So youre back, youre here, youre out with us. Back. Yeah. Whats next? I just wanna socialize again. I dont have that ball in my stomach I used to have all the time because its off, its gone. Before, I was like the cat that hid behind the couch when company came over. Now Im out and I wanna meet people, and I wanna talk and I wanna socialize and thats the way Im gonna continue to live my life, and I love it. Thank you for having patience with me. Dr. Nassifs just an amazing man. To Dr. Nassif. Cheers. Before my surgery, I had a rubber nose. I had trouble breathing, and I was self-conscious about going out with my friends, but now, thanks to Dr. Nassif, my nose is both sculpted and supported, and it no longer flattens when I push on it, but really, to be able breathe... Oh, man, breathing is probably the best part of it. Dr. Nassif, you complete me. I wanted facial feminization and breast augmentation. Make me a woman. And my face started changing. And that could be problematic. A drunk driver had hit us. I have some nerve damage I probably will never have my smile back again. -She twitches here. -I do? - Did you see that? - Yeah. Ive been in the military 10 years now. I go to open the helicopter door, and Im about to pass out. The pec muscles been eaten alive by the infection. She basically doesnt have one anymore. If youd like to be considered for Botched, 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 