Botched: Season 6, Episode 8 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Botched 
 s6e8 - Face Misfor-CHIN - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Botched (2014–…): Season 6, Episode 8 - Face Misfor-CHIN - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Im Eddie Valentine and I will always desire a strong jawline and chin, but instead, I got this little piggy. And Im crying, wee wee wee, all the way home. - Those jackets, could we try them on for a second? - I think you should. Yes. Hold on. Okurrr. My name is Crystal and I have pubic hair growing out of my cheek. I was bit by a dog. The dog lunged. Full attack mode. The skin graft came from my groin. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Its tight. Oof, thats scary for me. My name is Krystina. You might remember me from last season. Now Im back and I want some big, round, high up, basketball boobs. You can wink them or something, cant you? Oh,. This looks like a silicone bomb has exploded inside of Christines breast. Im Eddie Valentine and I will always desire a strong jawline and chin, but instead, I got this little piggy. And Im crying, wee wee wee, all the way home. Im totally frustrated that my chin is round. Theres no squareness. Theres-- I wanted that, like, Superman look. You know. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Where hes got a square jaw. Hes like flying through the air. And its like, all you see is the chin coming first. Thats what I wanted. Early on, in high school, people were like, "Whoa, you have, like, chipmunk cheeks." Already by the age of 15, I already realized that I wanted to dethrone the cheeks. They had to go. So I was looking at magazines. Saying, "Ooh, I like that guys cheekbones. I like that guys jawline." So, by then, I already had an idea of the perception of the face that I wanted. I recall, like, being that teenager all in private in his mirror. I would be like, "Hi, my name is Eddie. How are you doing?" Okurrr. Early on into my 20s, Im like, "Why dont I create my own fashion line?" Being the face of your own brand, it is a lot of pressure. You definitely want to make sure youre being photographed correctly. You dont want, like, double chins. You dont want chubby cheeks. You want to look perfect. I realized I needed to do something about my cheeks. So I have been going to this amazing doctor who has been doing my Botox and lip fillers for a while now. And Im like, "What do you think about taking out my buccal fat out of my cheeks?" Hes like, "Oh, yeah. We can do it." And Im thinking this is the solution to having that look. Mind you it did take a few weeks for the swelling to go down and to see the full results, but all in all, I was truly happy. So I kept looking into, like, what else could I do? What else bothers me? I decided Im going to go in and have the abdominal lipo and buttock implants installed. I wanted more of the bubble butt. Like burrroop, brrroop. Everything went great. And Im looking at the mirror, like, "Ooh, that is an ass thats snatched." So, even though I had like the abdominal, um, lipo, I still wasnt exactly happy. Theres this procedure called ab etching. They literally will etch out your abs and make it look like you have this amazing six pack. Let me tell you, I came out with an eight pack. And I was flaunting it all over pride. So, after all these procedures and surgeries, I still am not perfect. So I figured Id need a chin implant because I wanted to elongate my face. And I found a doctor who specifically did facial implants, reconstruction. So when I get out of my procedure, it was not the chin implant I wanted. Clearly its rounded, its not squared. I tell him my concerns about the chin right away. I go, "This doesnt look like the chin I wanted." Hes like, "It is. Trust me." Im like, "No, I dont want to." Here I am still not 100% happy with my chin, and Im hoping that Dr. Dubrow and Dr. Nassif are the key and they are the answer to my problem with this chin. And I will be super happy. And I can go off and fight the world with my cape. My name is Krystina. You might remember me from last season. Now Im back and I want some big, round, high up, basketball boobs. Last year, when I was here, I saw Dr. Dubrow for a breast augmentation. So you need the implant pocket tightened and a breast lift. Yeah. Are you done with your weight loss? No. Ive probably got another 30 pounds to go. Okay. Lose your weight. Okay. You definitely could have this surgery. Fantastic. After I saw the doctors, I was really disappointed. Well, I knew in the long run it was the best thing to do. And now Im back for my new rack. I want my boobs to be high up, big, round, basketball titties. Both in the same direction. Hi. Hi. Welcome to LA SlimWrap. Im Afsi. Thank you. Very nice meeting you. Good seeing you. Since Ive saw the doctors last, Ive carried on training, dieting. Ive lost 35 pounds. Im still super busy running the gym. Ive been a personal trainer. And me and Andy have got married. Gotta wrap you up like a mummy today. Yay. Were pulling the waste, toxins, impurity out of the fat cells. Ive had a lot of surgeries over the years... It wasnt till I had a caricature drawn that I knew thats the look I needed to have. Ive had filler, Botox, rhinoplasties, four breast implants, bum filler, designer vagina, stomach bypass, and heart-shaped nipples. I think all the surgeries have chipped away at becoming that caricature. So over the years, Ive had four breast surgeries. I never have been 100% happy or confident with my boobs. Now Ive lost the weight. Im hoping to get these boobs done. And then from there, I can do all the little nips and tucks to get my body exactly like that caricature. Basketballs, here I come. How many times have we seen a patient, and weve examined them, and they said, "Well, Im gonna about to lose a whole bunch of weight"? And we said, "Well, we shouldnt do the surgery till you lose the weight." And do they ever come back? Ive had maybe about 5% of those patients come back. Right. We actually had a patient we saw named Krystina. Okay. Who had a very significant breast implant complication. Shes here. Guess who lost the weight? So heres Krystina. This is now? Oh, shes thin. Yeah. She looks great, right? Yeah. Look at all this laxity. Even worse now with all the weight loss. Can you please send in Krystina? Hi. I should say, nice to see you again. Me again. Shes back. Im back. Im nervous going to my consult because this last bit of weight Ive lost. My breasts, they look a lot worse. Last time we saw you, you had some very significant breast issues, but we didnt want to do anything because you had planned to lose a significant amount of weight. Yes. And you have. Yeah, and Ive done 35 pounds since last year. Congratulations. Last time you presented with an asymmetric sort of complication. On one side you had capsular contracture. On the other side you just had a very droopy breast. Yeah. But you also had very large breast implants. Yes. Now that youve lost the weight, you kind of made the situation... Worse. Worse. ...more challenging, worse. Man, you just got-- you got a difficult case. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Krystinas case gives me a lot of pause for concern because when a patient like her has lost a lot of weight, you lose a lot of breast tissue and the skin stretches. So when that happens and you remove a lot of the skin, you also now are dependent upon the underlying blood supply in that thin breast tissue. You have 700 CCs now. I mean, are you willing to be much smaller? As youll see, when you look at them, Ive got very little breast tissue. Theres no-- Its just implant. Yeah. So I wouldnt want to go, like, half the size or anything like that. So youve gone very large. Mm-hm. And youve had a complication four times, and so the fifth time, instead of doing a breast lift and putting a smaller implant in, which would help to minimize the complications, you want to go very large, and you expect not to have a complication this time. I know what youre saying to me, but I also know how unhappy Id feel with these, what Id feel like was not my body shape. So you have to be open. Otherwise forget it. Because right now theyre displaced and theyre hanging, theyre over here and all that. And they dont look good. Mm-hm. But if you maybe bring them back to the center, if its possible, that means youre gonna have to have a smaller implant. So I didnt come all this way, do all this hard work, to get tiny, little titties. We have to look at your tissue thickness very carefully. Why dont we go in the exam room and figure this out. Okay? This is a very difficult case. And in many ways, scary. Be afraid. Be very afraid. I think the risk of losing the nipple is elevated. My grandfather had a pit bull with him. I walked up, and all I remember is... black. If I recall correctly, dont you have a heart shape around your areola? I do, yeah. Now, are those tattoos or... Tattoos, yeah. Let me see that. So... huh. Do you want to preserve that heart shape? Or you dont care? Not bothered. Dont care. I remember you had an animation phenomenon, right? Could you show me that? Right. And you can wink them or something. Cant you? Look at that. So... that-- Is that something you wanna address as well? Okay. Yeah. What I see here is you have some firmness here, which is a type of capsular contracture, but not as severe this type of capsular contracture because this type has pushed the implant up here, and youve lost so much weight, its droopy. Heres the question. Whats the blood supply like? Cause when we do a breast lift and skin removal, were removing blood supply with it. And the more blood supply you move, the greater the chance that things will not heal, and the nipple and surrounding tissue can die. I think the risk of losing the nipple is elevated. I dont think its 50%, but its way more than five percent. How do you remove all that skin, keep enough blood supply in tact to keep the nipple and areola alive and not have a devastating post operative complication? Im about to say something that I think is going to make you very happy. The more I downsize your breast implants, Yeah. the looser the skin. The looser the skin, the more skin I have to remove to do a lift. So to a certain degree, its kind of safer to use a larger implant. And the scar-tissue manipulation Im gonna do on you, Im going to do it to a lesser degree. That should reduce the chance of a recurrent capsule formation. I cant say Im not happy. Right? Do I think you could have a good result, although its a high-risk situation? Yeah, I do think its-- its a risk. Thats all I need to know. Its a risk potentially worth taking. Thats it. I do. I feel comfortable, and-- So the answer is... - Yes. - You-- ab-- a hundred percent. Lets do it. Lets do this thing. In my head I was jumping up and down. I was trying to keep calm, but inside I was just so happy that my worst fear of tiny, tiny titties hasnt come true. Well see you very soon. Okay? Thats it. All right. Thank you. Thank you. See you guys later. I went from loving dogs to being like no way again. Going to a park sometimes is, like, "oh, God, are there gonna be loose dogs?" My name is Crystal. I was bitten by a dog when I was young, and I was left with a heart-shaped dark, hairy skin patch, like seriously. The patch on my face may look like a heart, but Ive got no love for it. The doctor said that he would do the graft. Graft, right. Then the hair came. Yes. The squiggly hair. Oh, sorry. Thats horrible. The skin graft came from my groin, very close to my pubic area. Its genital hair. Ive tried everything. You can diminish it, but you cant take it away. But you cant-- you cant take it away. I started plucking it, but its only temporary, and its darker. Ive put lemon on my face to see if that would brighten it. So now Im hoping the doctors can improve it dramatically. Its time. Its been over 20 years. Twenty year-- Yeah. I cant even remember not having it. So we have Crystal. She had a dog bite to her face. Hm, did she? She had a skin graft to her face. Whoa. That is skin graft. It looks like the shape of a heart. Not a lot of options for this. No, there-- there-- Were gonna have to think out of the box on this one. We gotta think out of the box, yeah. Can you please send in Crystal? Crystal. How are you? Hi. Nice to meet you. Hi, Crystal. Terry Dubrow. Dr. Dubrow. Pleasure. Lynette. Lynette? Her aunt. Her aunt. Nice to meet you. Terry Dubrow. So wed love to hear your story, and why youre here to see us. When I was nine years old, my grandfather was holding a dog, and I was actually pretty terrified of the pit bull. All I remember is black. Full attack mode. Yeah. So he bit out the chunk of tissue. Yeah. Clean. Then we went to the emergency room, and there the doctors suggested that we wait until we see a plastic surgeon. Crystal was very lucky that the emergency room physicians didnt try just to stitch up that big... gash and opening in her cheek because the ER doctor does not have the same skill set as a plastic surgeon. If they did, she wouldve been like this. How long was it open before you had the surgery done? I was opened for a while. Yeah. Like how the outside of Freddy Kruegers face looks, like with the burn. Thats what the inside looked like. Though we went to the doctor, and he suggested the skin graft, take it from the groin. So what happened with there? They did the surgery, and then the hair started growing. Youre getting pubic hair on your face. Yes, literal pubic hair. I dont believe that the doctor mentioned I would grow pubic hair out of my patch. I dont remember that. Its interesting why they chose it from the groin because theres so many places. They couldve done the back, the abdomen. You obviously wouldnt do the armpit because could you imagine that? How has this affected your life? I at first thought it didnt affect me. Since having my daughter, I really started to get conscious of it. How old is your daughter now? Shes six months. Im worried about the kids shell go to school with. So youre worried about the future. Yeah. My daughter, her name is Sana. Shes five months now. After having my daughter, I am very nervous about how other kids would treat her because of how I look. I dont want her to be teased. Were-- Were a little amazed that you could have that large a chunk taken out of an area where there are so many facial nerve branches. This is expertly done reconstructive work. What do you want us to do? If we can make as small, as minimal as possible. That would be perfect. Crystals case is actually deceptively very complicated. That skin graft is very close to critical anatomic structures, like the nose, the cheeks, and the eye, that if altered even a little bit, can change the entire shape of the face and look very deformed. So lets go to the examination room, well evaluate you, and then well think of some great options that we can help you with. Okay? Okay, lets go. Lets go. Oh, sh...! And massively ruptured. Do you think he used a different implant that you wanted? I think he just rushed in, like decided to get what he wanted to get. Honey, we do not want fast-food plastic surgery. Nuh-uh. What we wanna do first is examine you. Close your eyes real tight. Tight, tight. Dont let me open. Okay, okay, great. The good news is that Crystals nerves in her face are working fine. The bad news is that Crystals skin is very tight, which limits my options in how to excise the skin graft. A lot of is skin mobility. Your skin is tight. So the best option is removal of that skin patch that you have there. That means we have to open up a side, Make a pocket over here, along your cheek, put a tissue expander in. That means youll be walking around for six weeks or so, maybe even eight, with a mask on your face. A tissue expander is like a big balloon, we put underneath the skin and then fill it with fluid every few weeks and get it bigger and bigger and bigger. That will give us more elasticity of the skin, so when we take out the expander, we can cut out the skin graft, and then move that extra tissue into the defect and close it. So what do you think? I want it gone. She wants it gone. I know you do. You wanna what? She wants it gone. I want it... Smaller. Smaller. No, she wants it... gone. Yeah. Yeah. But he wants to be, you know, 5 5". I just wanna be-- And hes only-- What are you, 5 2"? You know, certain things arent possible. Sorry. Great meeting you. Nice to meet you, too. Pleasure. Thank you. Pleasure. Pleasure. - Hey. - Hey, girl. Whats going on? Eddies here. Here in West Hollywood I am meeting with my gals and my boy. I havent seen them in forever, and they have to see what Ive done. So whats going on? Whats the house? We were sitting around talking about how much more plastic surgery we wanna do. I do wanna know what you had done. Isnt it obvious? My butt. Lets see. Stand up. Give us a little turn. Ooh, I love it. Girl. And I cannot lie. I want a booty like that. Can you tell that Ive had something done? No. Let me see you. What have you had done? Turn sideways. Everything looks the same. What? What the hell? What did you do? Some fill-ins? Um, no, darling. I had a full-blown chin implant about three months ago. Girl, you look the same. Yeah, seriously. You look exactly the same. What the hell? Thats what Ive been trying to tell people, and people wont listen to me. So if anyone was gonna even acknowledge a difference in my beauty, it would be my group of friends. So the fact that they dont notice is horrible. Wait, so what did you want done exactly? So I wanted this jaw, chin area... Okay. ...to be, like, lower and then more square. Like more prominent? Yeah, yeah. Okay. Yeah, yeah, like Superman. Do you think he used a different implant that you wanted? I think he just rushed it and, like, decided to get what he wanted to get. Honey, we do not want fast-food plastic surgery. Nuh-uh. This is Beverly Hills, West Hollywood. I know. I want people to turn heads, drop their phones, and be like, "Who is that mother-? Everything Ive gone through Ive found the doctors, Dr. Nassif and Dr. Dubrow. I wanna meet them so bad. Im gonna once and for all find out what the hells going on with my chin implant. Im excited. Lets cheers to that. Cheers. Good morning. Good morning. Look at you. I have a guest with me. So, Crystal, Dr. Reagan Thomas. Hey, Crystal. Good morning. Ive known Dr. Thomas for over 21 years now. Matter of fact, he trained me, and hes an expert at scar revision and facial flap surgery, and so having him in the operating room with me today is only going to help. Its a big asset. Okay, so this is kind of idea today. This is a-- somewhat of a diagram where the tissue expander will go, and then you can see were gonna make that. Where that little red line is, thats the incision. And thats where the little ports gonna be. Im feeling nervous. Its intense. Theres a lot involved. This is a big commitment. And once you commit, theres no way to turn back. For Crystals surgery, Im going to make an incision on the bottom of her existing skin graft. Then I will insert a tissue expander along the jaw line with an external port where saline can be added. I will then fill up the expander with 25 CCs of saline via the port to begin expanding Crystals skin. Next Ill remove as much of the skin graft as possible and stitch up the initial incision. Okay, lets start with this 50 M Blade. All right, so heres that. Thats actually not much scar. To put in a tissue expander, we have to elevate the skins subcutaneous tissue down from what we call the SMAS. We need to make an opening. While doing that, you could actually injure a nerve, you could hit a big blood vessel, you could pull down the lower eyelid. So we just have to be very careful. Okay, so were on top of the bone. Good dissection. I wanna make sure we get enough room to get that expander all the way over on top of the bone. All right, lets put this in. - Theres the port. - The port is deep. She has a nice amount of that elasticity and mobility, so that really makes a big difference. Now that Ive put the expander in, I can see how much elasticity the skin has and how much of the skin graft I can remove today. So were going to remove just by elevating the tissue. Because of her elasticity, were going to remove about half of this. Over the next few weeks were gonna add approximately 40 to 70s CCs of fluid into Crystals tissue expander. This is going to actually increase the amount of skin we have, which will make it a lot easier to just remove that skin graft and then close the skin with hopefully a beautiful little scar. She is getting a little bit of lower eyelid pulse, so we dont wanna put anymore of the fluid into the expander. Terrific improvement already. Shes going to be very pleased. I feel that as soon as Crystal wakes up, sees a lot of that skin graft gone, even though it will be overshadowed a little bit by this sausage that she has along her jaw, shell be very happy. I took an Uber to the doctors office, and I took an Uber home. You had general anesthesia, and he put you in an Uber? Yeah, thats against the law. Although Ive seen breast implants and ruptures from all over the world. Truthfully, Ive never seen one this bad. Dammit. This is what were gonna do today. Were gonna go in and make an incision and take the implants out and rearrange the scar tissue to allow the new implants to be put in a better location. Then were gonna do a lift, hopefully keeping the nipple alive the whole time. So I feel like Ive been on a real long journey. Ive been going for nearly a decade now with not liking my boobs, and here I am today to get my body exactly like that caricature, so I cant wait. Normally I like to downsize the implant to reduce the chance that she will form scar tissue again, but Krystinas unique because I need a large implant to fill up the pocket because if I downsize it too much, it would make the skin even droopier, requiring me to lift the nipple up even higher, which would even be a greater risk of losing blood supply of the nipple and potential nipple loss. For Krystinas surgery, I will make an incision under each breast and remove her current breast implants. On the right breast, I will remove any scar tissue I find and release the muscle causing her breast to animate or wink. I will then put in a larger set of implants in each breast. Then I will remove the massive amounts of lax skin that she no longer needs and finish by giving her a much needed breast lift. First move is to go in, see what the implant looks like, and see how much scar tissue there is. Normally I would make an incision right underneath the areola, but I wanna preserve as much blood supply around the areola as possible, so Im gonna make an incision at the bottom of the breast. Oh, sh...! And massively ruptured. Dammit. Oh, my God, look at that. Look at that. Although Ive seen breast implants and ruptures from all over the world, truthfully, Ive never seen one this bad. This looks like a silicon bomb has exploded inside of Krystinas breast pocket. All right, so we gotta clean this mess out. Problem is her implants are so huge, theres so much of it. There are three fundamental reasons that a silicon breast implant can rupture. One, it actually occurred while a surgeon was putting it in. Two, it occurs as a result of whats called "a medical device failure," and three, an overwhelming amount of trauma can cause it. Unfortunately, surgeon trauma while placing it is usually the number-one cause. Now that we have the ruptured implant out, we can assess what her natural breast tissue looks like. Its not the thickest tissue Id like to see, but at least its not super, super thin. So it does have some blood supply. So normally I dont like putting a full sized 800cc implant in, but I think Krystinas case requires it. Wow. Big implant. We made a counter incision on the inside and released the scar tissue here and released the muscle, so that should prevent her from flexing and winking. So the wink should be gone. So lets start moving skin. This areola has to stay alive now based not on the surrounding skin but just on this thin breast tissue around it. Wow. Krystinas breast tissue is so thin with such a limited blood supply that I could lose all circulation to the nipple, have the nipple actually turn black and die, and that would be a devastating post-operative complication. All right, lets see if we can do that on the other side. Im now going to place a new implant on the left breast and then remove some skin. Hopefully that will reduce the size of the breast to match the right. Okay, can we sit her up, please? I dont wanna look. Come on, baby. Yeah. They look like sisters. This is one of those cases where, despite the fact that I always say, "We may lose your nipple," we may lose Krystinas nipple. No BS this time. Hello, young lady. Hi. Hows this been, walking around with that? Weird. Been doing, like, big glasses and then big hair. It-- okay. Really big hair. My daughter is so cool. She just doesnt care. I think she mightve had one moment where she was just, like, staring at me. I guess she doesnt notice. So what were going to do now is Im gonna put you back, inflate this, take out your sutures. Okay. Im gonna feel this, okay?" Squeeze Aunties hand. Come on, meditate a little bit. Okay, so were gonna do this. Keep breathing. Hold still and just meditate. Hold my hand. What? This feels weird. What does it feel like? Like burning over-- Oh, over the top of the skin. That means the skins stretching. Okay. Let me look now. Yeah, its a little bigger. Im really impressed at how Krystals skin is responding to the tissue expander. I thought we would need the tissue expander in for about six to eight weeks, but it looks like well only need it in for about four weeks. I dont think you need a lot more. Maybe we can do it one more time. Okay. Then we can do the procedure. Oh... Great.. Ill see you later. All right? Thank you. Ill see you later. - Our next patient... - Okay. His name is Eddie, and... Whats his problem? His problem is an abnormal chin implant. Let me show you his chin. Here he is. - Oh, my g-- Who does he look like? - Okay, youre wrong. Dave Navarro. Wow. Wahh! He looks just like Dave Navarro. So his chin looks pretty normal here. Here it looks pretty round. Maybe this is following the chin implant. So lets take a look him. I dont really know. Can you please send in Eddie? Hi, guys. Look at that outfit. How are you? Hi. Dr. Nassif. Nice to meet you. When the door first opened, I was blinded by the two disco balls, but then after my eyes adjusted, I was really into those jackets. I wanna see those jackets... On you guys. Can we try them on for a second? I think you should. These jackets? This is a cool jacket, yeah. Im gonna wear that one. Wait, this ones going on you? Oh. All right. Oh, my gosh, look at that. Oh, yeah. These are cool. Watch out. Oh, yeah, I can rock his. Hold on. Wait a minute. Hold on. Yes! Hold on. Hold on. I just have to. Yes! Ive never put on a sequin jacket before, and I dont know if Paul has or not. But lets be honest. I rock it way better. Whats your relationship? Just best friends. Best friends. Buds. Yeah, its kinda weird when youre, like, looking at yourself and... I know, right? What-- The same doctors. Maybe now you can give us the story of your plastic surgery journey. So theres these procedures of-- called ab etching. 3D ab etching. Yes. Yeah. And I had laser lipo and lipo done twice on my neck. And, uh-- oh, I moved out here on May 1st, and on May 4th, I went in for buttock implants. No kidding. I didnt know a single person out here. I took an Uber to the doctors office, and I took an Uber home and called it a day. You had general anesthesia, and he put you in an Uber? Laying down on his stomach on the back seat of an Uber getting nauseous. By yourself? Mm-hm. Yeah, thats against the law. California State law or not, Uber worked just fine for me. So tell us more about the chin. What were you trying to achieve? I wanted more of a square, pronounced chin. Well, when I got out of surgery, it was, like, that does not look like the chin implant I wanted. Was it just a small one? It was round. It looks round. So if you had your wish, what would you want us to do? Hopefully be able to give me that Superman jawline. So lets go into an exam room, and well examine your chin, and well see whats going on. Yeah, lets figure this out. All right. Sounds great. Right? Okay. Its tight, which means that the expander couldve probably gone up a little bit more. Fingers crossed. Both my nipples should be where they should be and alive. Gentlemen. Ooh, you got better looking since Ive seen you last time. Wow, look at that. - Oh. - Like that. Lets take a peek right here. - Look at the chin. - Yeah. But we can-- I mean, Yes. So he did have a recessed chin. Yeah. Yeah. Before he had this. And he obviously... And then super deep. The labiomental fold. Yeah. The bigger you do this, the bigger that fold is, the bigger cartoon character you get. Yep, yep. Eddie tells me he wants to look like Superman, and theres a fine line between looking natural and overdone. And Eddie is just right there. So your round chin implant, the doctor did just the right size because the only way to get your jaw to look that square is you have to put an oversized big square implant, and it does hang down and angles. But it would also look too fake looking. Let me ask you a question. Youre in the fashion industry. You do clothes. You do hair. You wanna look good. Right. Do you wanna look cartoonish? No. So your chin implant is in great position. I dont wanna look cartoonish. Im in the prime of my career. Its a big concern. I dont want people to stare at me, and be like, "What did you do?" You look great. Dont do anything else. Please. That is very refreshing. You think Im full of crap, or what do you think? Well, since you did put my jacket on, I have to believe you. Yes. Cause you have some sense. If you have sense to put this on you, you have sense to tell me what not to do with my face. I think, at this point, Im willing just to finally accept me for who I am and where Ive gotten to this point today. And Im willing just to take a chill pill for the next five years. Listen, its a pleasure meeting you. Thank you. Good meeting you. Fantastic meeting you. Everybody, nice to meet you. - Hi, how are you? - Good morning. Big smile. Hey, Andy. How are you? Good to see you, my man. So, I started on your right, made an incision, and I was met with a surprise. And that is your implant was not just ruptured, it was exploded. These are very strong. Right. Okay. Dr. Nassif and I have put these to the test. Whoa. That was a good one. What else can we do? Lets run it over. Okay. Okay. You ready? These are indestructible. Ive never seen an implant so ruptured, so exploded, so destroyed as the one in your right breast. That now explains why it was so far up there. Right. Okay. Lets have a look, okay? So today is really all about, like this with nipple survival. Fingers crossed. Both my nipples should be where they should be and alive. - See that? - Yeah. Not blue. Not dark. Not bad. They look very happy. Ahh. These are definitely my new babies. Im gonna look after them the best I can. Yeah, let me ask you about this. Do-- Can you recall any trauma? Anything that couldve led to that? You slipped in the bath. Yeah. I slipped in the shower or bath, didnt I. I-I knocked myself out. Oh, really? So that couldve been. So you may have ruptured your implant. I had to go to the hospital cause I knocked myself out. I had a massive bruise on my bum. And then I ended up-- I was there for quite a while because they thought I had broken ribs. Thats the only thing I can think that would have done that much damage. So far so good, all right? Lets keep a close eye on it though. I want to see you a lot in my office. I want to make sure the wounds continue to heal. Thank you very much. Thank you. Its my pleasure. It was so great to see you. Thank you. And, uh, take good care of her, okay? Will do. Thank you. Thank you. Good morning. Good morning. Lets see this thing. So heres your port. Youre saying goodbye to the rest of your skin graft. And the expander. Yeah. And the expander. Why, are you getting used to it? No, I want it gone. Last week, Crystal came to see me and I put another 20 CCs into her tissue expander. Now shes ready for her second surgery. All right, Christine, let me have the regular 15 blade. Weve incised the skin graft, now were gonna remove it. So we dont want to be too superficial where we use some of the hair follicles. At the same point, we dont want to be too deep because thats just not good for the aesthetics. And it could cause a little depression in the area. Heres the rest of the skin graft. So now were gonna start undermining the skin which means lifting up the edge of the skin. The goal is to make Crystal a scar that is gonna be just as pretty as the one she had around the skin graft. All right...  So now were approaching the tissue expander. Heres the tissue expander coming out. Top suction. Now that the tissue expander is out, its the moment of truth. Did the expander stretch the skin enough so that we can remove the rest of the skin graft and just close up the skin? Or is it gonna be a little bit too tight and pull up the lip, or pull down the eye? Its tight. Which means the expander could probably gone up a little bit more. We are gonna have to make an incision around the smile line to get this tissue up and elevated. So she is gonna have a little bit of a longer scar, but we need to do that to get this skin elevated. This skin over here is fine. Our first incision is gonna be from the scar up to the smile line. Now we are gonna start closing the space left by the skin graft. And we want to make the smallest and cleanest scar as possible. - Right now it looks great. - It looks really good. Dr. Peng, Christine, thank you very much. The skin graft is gone. The incisions look great. Now we just have to have Crystal heal and well watch that. So today Im here, having a portrait drawn. The reason being is, Ive always had caricatures where Ive always wanted to be the caricature. And now the rules are reversed slightly. I am the caricature. So now Im gonna have the portrait. Probably be the first time that shes gonna feel comfortable with someone staring at what shes got. Aww. And I think its gonna be a pretty special moment. Wow. Look at you. Wow. You look amazing. Wait till we get to see Crystal. I know. I cant wait to see her. I know. Hey, guys. Just to know. Hey. Hey, Crystal. Probably be the first time that shes gonna feel comfortable with a woman staring at what shes got. Aww. And I think its gonna be a pretty special moment. Wow. Look at you. Wow. You look amazing. Look at how amazing she looks. What do you think? Fantastic. Aw. So, here I am. Not wearing a bra I might add. So I cant wait to see this portrait youre gonna draw of me. So Im hoping now, we can get started. So I suppose I should take this off. You ready? Wow. Whoa. Whoo! So I dont need that anymore. Theyre faced the right way. Yes! They go forward. - Theyre not there at the back. - Yes. Absolutely perfect. You are just beautiful. I love them. Theyre the best things ever. Compared to before, Krystinas breasts looked a lot better and bigger. Far to say, shes much more happy with her new look, and Im certainly a lot more happy with them. So are you guys ready? Yeah. Im ready. Whoo! Lets do this. Ive been ready for ages. Krystina, you look beautiful. Thank you, Andrew. Before all the surgery, my breasts looked like a flying squirrels nutsack. They hung low, they were saggy, and they went in different directions. But now, thanks to Dr. Dubrow, My rack is back and looking better than ever. I feel fabulous. Okay. So I still have a little bit of work to do. Just a few finishing touches. But I cant wait for you to see it. Are you ready? - Im so ready. - Yeah. Okay. - I love it! - She loves it. - Its fantastic. - Its great. Its even got my resting bitch face going on. Yeah. Yeah. Its the best thing ever. ...and I remind myself, theyre perfect. I definitely think this picture needs to now take place of the caricature. Yeah. Plus the caricature was, look at what you could be. Now Im-- Look at who I am. Yeah. Definitely. And thank you for sticking by me, even when I had squirrel nutsacks. Its worth it, seeing the end result. Now that my hairy skin patch is gone, the weight of a 21-year dog bite scar has disappeared off of my shoulders. Before, I was way too self-conscious, and now Im no longer worried about Sana having to go through, like, 21 questions about whats on my face. Im excited. I feel beautiful. Its like a closed chapter. Wait to get to see Crystal. I know. I cant wait to see her. I know. Same here. Its been months since Ive seen her. All of that. So I know you cant-- Hey, guys. Hey. Hey, Crystal! Oh, my God! Hi, sweetie. Oh, beautiful. Your face looks great. Im so glad. Look at that. You look great. Look at that. No more scar. I cant believe it. I am happy. And to me, I see, like, such an improvement. And Ive been seeing it since the beginning. Like, every week was different... Just like last time I saw you, you had the patch still. So this is, like, Im just staring cause I cant believe it. And I saw it with you. Shes always been beautiful, but now theres no patch. Theres no hair. Its just a fine line and she looks amazing. It looks great. What a difference. Its a new me. Thats beautiful. Im glad I did it. Hey. Hi, Sana. How are you? And also for Sana. Like, shell never have to explain whats on Moms cheek. She can always say, "Just an accident." You know? - Oh, yeah. - Hey, baby. - I would hate for her to get teased. - Hey, look at that. So now you look at Mommys face, theres nothing there. So now look at Mommy, theres nothing to grab. I really think Crystal looks beautiful. The scar is gone. Her face. The sides-- the cheeks are matching. This is the way she should have been looking a long time ago. Its hot. Its a beautiful day. Swimsuits on. Lets check the water out. - Yeah. - Lets cool off a little bit. - Lets get in the pool. - Okay, come on. Before my surgery, I had a skin graft on my face with pubic hair growing out of it. After having my daughter, I was nervous about how other kids would treat her because of how I looked. But now, thanks to Dr. Nassif, the skin graft is completely gone. So now, my face is finally smooth, symmetrical, and pubic hair free. Aww. What a day. Wanna jump? There you go. I was brushing my teeth - and my implant fell out. - Your implant just fell out? The hole was that big, the implant fell right out of it? It was a few holes. My nose looks like I have a butt sticking out of it. And I went into a ENT. She pulled those stuffing outs and I screamed so loud, I felt like my brain being pulled out of my head. My goal is to be the perfect bimbo doll. Thats the beginning of breast in distress. - Thats not the look. - We want breasts... 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 