Botched: Season 6, Episode 11 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Botched 
 s6e11 - Most Outrageous Before & Afters Countdown - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Botched (2014–…): Season 6, Episode 11 - Most Outrageous Before & Afters Countdown - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 [Dr. Dubrow] Tonight is a blast from the reality star past. Some of you may remember me from The Real World, and this is the true story of my [bleep] up boobs. You know, you and breast implants... I don't know. Taking out my implants a capital no-no. You might know me from Rock of Love, Charmed School and I Love Money, but you might not recognize me from those shows because I've had a lot of work done since then. I feel like the reason why I can't twerk is because it wasn't so wide. I want to give them what they want and what they want is for me to twerk my booty. Your booty. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 My nose looks like a do took a bite out of it because a dog did. The nose grew, the nostril didn't. Holy-- a big gnaw. This is gonna be a good, challenging case for us. Challenging case is an understatement. There's still too much blood in here. He's gonna get swollen. We're gonna get a leech on that flap. See how they're getting fatter? Yeah. You're gonna take them home with you. [Dr. Peng] Water. Eat it. It's no big deal, right? Terry, you [bleep]. [coughing] Seriously? [male singer] ♪ I wanna be sexy ♪ 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 ♪ I wanna be hot ♪ ♪ Fix me make me beautiful ♪ ♪ I wanna be perfect ♪ [male singer 2] ♪ Just feeling good ♪ My name is Brittanya and I update my body as much as I update my photos on social media. I feel with each surgery, my social media keeps growing and growing because I get better and better. You might know me from Rock of Love, Charmed School, and I Love Money, but you might not recognize me from those shows because I've had a lot of work done since then. And I'm 100% not natural. If I had to describe my butt, I just feel maybe it's a little too big. I got butt implants and then I got hydrogel injections. And then after a few months, my butt got harder, and it's getting wider and wider, and bigger and bigger. And I would love the perfect peach booty, but I'm stuck with these two watermelons. So I never considered plastic surgery. It kinda just happened because I got cheated on. And I wanted to have the comeback and make him miss out, and it worked. So I ended up getting my breasts done. I was a small B and I went to a full C. After I got my breasts done, it changed my life. I just wanted more. So then I made an appointment for lipo. When I went to Mexico for lipo, I then saw this beautiful, gorgeous woman with a huge big ol' butt. And I said, "I want to do that too." When I got my first butt implants, it was so painful. I couldn't even poop. Can I say that? I loved it. And then after a few years, I just wanted something newer and better. So going to Mexico, they didn't know English, and I didn't know Spanish. I just wanted to get a bigger, nicer butt, and I figured they would understand that. I know how to show them a photo of a butt and be like, "Mira." After my second butt implants, I mean, I was happy with them. They're fine, but I realized I still didn't get to where I wanted to be. I wanted this hourglass figure. So then he referred the hydrogel injections. When I got the hydrogel injections, it looked good at first and then after a few months, my butt just started changing to another shape. I don't freaking know my shapes. I don't know. It was just-- It was more like this. What shape is this? I don't know what this sha-- Is this even a shape? Oh, yeah. I guess it's a side oval, right? 'Cause this is an oval, right? And it's a side oval. Yeah, they're like two side ovals. Now my butt just looks wide. A little bit too wide. Mainly my hips and it's just too hard. I can't jiggle the booty. I'm hoping Dr. Dubrow and Dr. Nassif can find some type of solution to make my booty appear a little bit smaller because it's super important for me to get the right picture and stay relevant because I have all these eyes on me. And you feel a ton of pressure. I don't want to let all my followers down. Right now my career's on the rise. I have 16 million followers on Instagram and growing daily. But I haven't hit the peak. And I feel like the hydrogel's making my butt fall, and I just don't want my followers to follow. My name is Flora. Some of you may remember me from The Real World: Miami, Season 5. [narrator] When people stop being polite... [Flora] And this is the true story of my [bleep] up boobs. Find out what happens when boobs stop being boobs and start getting real, real bad in Flora's World. After years of surgeries, I have one big uniboob. They're touching each other, like making out. It's the weirdest, weirdest [bleep]. When I was a cast member on The Real World, I was already a full C. Take one, flash. Okay, take two, flash. After The Real World, I got married. Everybody loved Mike. He was just a good person. My neighbor was this famous boob doctor. I got a boob job for no reason. I didn't need it. I wanted it. They probably were a double D. I felt beautiful. And then we had a baby, and my boobs were huge, and they were hanging to my knees. Like if I was to walk I would be kicking them up in the air. So we went back to this doctor. Put smaller silicones in. And then eight months later, on the bottom, they started to square off. I looked like Spongebob Squareboobs. So I went to a new surgeon. He said, "We could fix this." Months later, they started to fall out of pocket. Instead of them standing upright and at attention, they would fall into my armpits. So I had two surgeries to fix this horrific situation. But after my last surgery, surgery number 5, I definitely had one big boob. I just wanted it to be fixed. But then we had a big tragedy happen. The police called and said that they found a man floating in a lake behind our house. And Mike had an accident, and he drowned. Sorry. Cut. Oh. So anyway, I stopped my surgeries. I didn't want to put myself into that situation where I would be in a bad place and not be able to take care of my daughter. It's been four years since Mike passed away. Day by day, I moved forward. Hi, babe. Hi. [Flora] I met a great guy, Fernando. He is a wonderful man and a great boyfriend. I'm so, so grateful and thankful that you and Allison are gonna be with me on this new adventure. I am hoping and praying to the heaven's above that Dr. Dubrow and Dr. Nassif will help me. Boobs! Check this out. Interesting. I know you're not a huge pop culture fan, but we actually have a girl who was on The Real World. Okay. Flora. Her name's Flora. And she has, actually, a very complicated breast problem. Let me show you what I'm talking about. What's the first thing you notice? Yeah. She's got symmastia. That's very good. Or what people call, uniboob. Based on Flora's photos, she has a very significant symmastia, which is a communication between the right and left breast pockets. The question is: Why in all those operations has it not been able to be fixed? Sounds like you have to find out, my friend. All right. So why don't we bring Flora in and figure that out. Sure. Can you please send in Flora? [Dr. Dubrow] Flora. Hello. Hi. Nice to meet you. Hi. Dr. Nassif. Nice to meet you. Right now, I am to the 10th power of anxiety. I'm terrified that Dr. Dubrow and Dr. Nassif can't help me. I just want to take a big poop. [Dr. Dubrow] Flora, let me ask you. What made you decide to have breast implant surgery? Stupidity. Oh, really? I said, "I want it. I want it. I want it." Then after I had the baby, my breasts looked like I could feed the world and, and then some. So now we're gonna have to tighten here, tighten there. The second one was to tighten... Yes. Everything. Everything. Okay. Yes. Yes. And then all of a sudden they started squaring off. Okay, so what did the doctor say? The doctor said, "Flora, I'm not gonna cut you again because I can't put you at risk of more complications." I love this guy. Of course that went in one ear, out the other. Uh-oh, you went to another doctor. So let me guess. You went somewhere else. Exactly. Finally found somebody that told her what she wanted to hear. Bingo. So... See? So we go into surgery number three. And then they started to fall this way. So what-- Yeah. To your armpits. Malposition. So I went back to the doctor. Yeah. And this was when we found out that there's such a thing called, "moon-lighting." You are awake, but you're not awake, but you don't feel anything. Moon-lighting? Wait, wait. Do, do you mean twilight? Is that-- Is that twilight? Yeah. Twilight anesthesia. I guess to me moon-lighting sounded sexier than twilighting. Sounded a little scarier. Few months later, boobs were getting closer. Oh, full symmastia. [woman] It's kinda weird. Uniboob. Yeah. He brings us back. When I say us-- Alison's been with me through all my surgeries. He didn't bring you back to fix symmastia under twilight sedation, did he? He did. Oh, boy. When I first became a plastic surgeon, symmastia was considered unfixable. Then the community of plastic surgeons gained enough experience that it was considered partially fixable under certain circumstances. But news flash to Flora's doctor, twilight anesthesia is not one of those circumstances because number one, it's incredibly painful. And number two, it's really hard to do when the patient's awake. So do you like anything at all about your breasts now or... I don't like anything. I want two boobs instead of one big boob. So it sounds like, to a certain degree, you're uniboob, your symmastia we call it... Symmastia. ...is kinda the number-one problem. So why don't we go in the other room and figure it out? Okay. Oh! [Dr. Dubrow] The bad news is that's the spiciest chip on the planet. The good news is I didn't eat it. I don't feel good. There's some kind of creepy foreign body in here that doesn't look real-- What the [bleep]? ♪ I wanna be perfect ♪ So let's take a look. Oh yeah, that's a symmastia all right. And then you have the classic issue of the implants up here and your breast tissue down here. Now, that's because you probably have some scar tissue that's forced them up here. Capsular contracture, the number-one cause of complications associated with breast implants, may have occurred inside of her body causing scar tissue to form, pushing her implants up towards the center and causing her symmastia. And if that's the case, and we use implants again, she may be set up for this occurring all over again. So, can I fix this? Yeah. I can do that. But then what happens three or four months later? Do you really want to have another failure? 'Cause you can still have scar tissue push it and wear it down and pow, you've got a uniboob. You know, you and breast implants.... I don't know. I don't think the body has really done a lot of this. I think it's surgeon factors-- You don't have faith in that second surgeon, huh? Um, I think he just overdid it. You gotta do it and give it a chance with the implants. Then, if your body reacts and doesn't want these implants and you start getting that contracture, this way, this way, whatever way it is, You're done, at this point. Okay, so how 'bout that option? I like it. [Dr. Dubrow] Wait. Whoa. If that fails, then you're donezo with the implants. Yes. Taking out my implants is a capital no-no. But at the same time, once I make a deal, I never go back on my deal. After this surgery, if something goes wrong, and they get encapsulated, I cannot have implants anymore because I don't want to keep going through this torture. We've got one big boob right here. [woman laughing] Let's not have one big boob right here. [Dr. Dubrow laughs] Deal. [male singer] ♪ Can't pull me out ♪ ♪ It's not that complicated... ♪ I'm starving and I love crab. My name is Marcelo. I am 20 years old. And my nose looks like a dog took a bite out of it because a dog did. Mom thought that it was just gonna be like a little bite. I remember seeing you and, like, you were just like, crying. So you saw that there was nothing. Yeah. Nothing. [speaking Spanish] Like a hole? A hole? Yeah. Big? How big was the hole? Yeah. Big, okay. [Marcelo] At the time, I was only four years old. And we couldn't find my nostril. So I'm pretty sure the dog ate it. Ew. What is it exactly that you want them to do? Ideally, like, I just want them to get rid of the scars and like make my nose more symmetrical. I just want to have like a nose that really doesn't stand out. There's a lot of great things to focus on. I mean, my eyebrows, my hair, my abs. Still a work in progress. There's nothing cute about my nose. Cheers for a new nose. [Monica and Geovanna] Cheers! What do you got for me? So we have young Marcelo. The nose grew, the nostril didn't. Oh, it did not. His scar of course widened. This is gonna be a good challenging case for us. Challenging case is an understatement. Let's go see him, okay? Okay. Okay. Can you please send in Marcelo? Hi. How are you? [Dr. Nassif] Marcelo. How are you? Dr. Nassif. Nice to meet you. Terry Dubrow. Nice to meet you. Pleasure. Nice to meet you. Hi. How are you? [Dr. Nassif] We've got the whole family here. Well, welcome. So tell us what happened. [Marcelo] When I was, like, four years old, I went to go pet my family dog, and I think it kind of got freaked out and it bit my nose. Next thing I remember, I'm just waking up and like, I'm in a hospital bed. [Dr. Nassif] Right. How many days after the injury was the surgery one? Uh, the same day. Yeah, the same day. Same day. [Monica] Yeah. The same day. So what they had to do was actually grab a little bit of this part and-- [Dr. Nassif] Extra skin there. Yeah. They stick it there for like three weeks. And we had to, every week, go to the doctor's office to make sure that that didn't die. The doctor did the best they could at your age, at the age of four. But now we have some discrepancy of tissue. When you use a flap, you're moving one tissue on one part of the face to another part. In Marcelo's case, it was the cheek to the nose. The issue with Marcelo's nose is that the flap is a permanent fix. He kept growing, but the flap did not. What was it like being in school as a kid with this? So I lived in Ecuador until I was about nine years old. And then we moved to Charlotte. A new country, a new culture, a new student. And then I had like this obvious scar. Throughout puberty, my face was developing, and all my features were growing, but my left nostril. It was the same nostril that I was built when I was four years old. And that's what I have now. So then, definitely a lot of teasing and name-calling. Then like having confusions with my sexuality. That started playing to-- factors into like teasing as well. It was a lot of pressure and I would like cry to myself a little bit and then just kind of recompose myself. So like this is actually the first time my family hears about this. Really? [Geovanna] Yeah. It makes me sad. Some of the stuff that he is saying today, I have never heard before. It makes me feel guilty because I feel that I could've been a lot more there for him. He has always been like so sweet and very like close to us. He is the best son ever. It's okay. I think my nose makes me stand out and that's the last thing I want to do. So I'm not dating anyone now. It's because I just get too insecure about it. So I just shut myself down. It sucks. How much of an improvement are you trying to get with your nose? The scarring is one of my major concerns. On the face? Like on the cheek and on the nostril as well. And then also, I think hand-in-hand would be the symmetry of my nostrils. Well, the pressure's on. So with that being said, let's go in the exam room and feel-- and examine everything. Okay? Let's go. Okay. Oh, that's Mona Lisa. Okay. I should know who that is, right? You should. I'm met with a surprise. A white substance that looks exactly like bird poop on the windshield. ♪ I wanna be perfect ♪ [Dr. Nassif] Let's first talk about your scar. Let me just feel. All right. So we want to cut that out and stitch the tissue together. It's called a scar revision. Now your nose. Let's talk about your nose. So right now, the actual flap is kind of fat. It's called a trap-door deformity. Right. So I wanna lift up a piece of that flap, make it a little bit flatter so the contour's a little bit better. Take a piece of skin and cartilage from your left ear, put it in your nostril to lower it, called a composite graft. Dr. Nassif is really saying all these doctor terms, and, clearly, I'm not a surgeon. This is gonna give us a good result. Oh, my God. I would literally cry. [Dr. Nassif] No guarantee. [Marcelo] The fact that it can be improved by the slightest bit. Sign me in. This whole area on the left is not gonna look symmetric. You know. It could be a 50% improvement. What do you think of what I said? I know, like, your skill level and I know that, like-- It might not have anything to do with my skill. 'Cause there's risks with nasal surgery. Right. What if this for some reason all of a sudden doesn't do well? No. Yeah. And I'm very well aware of that. So you want to do this? I want to do this. After 16 years, like now is the time to do this. Really. There's no doubt that operating on Marcelo's nose is extremely risky, but this is a problem that's been haunting him for a long time. I just hope it has a positive outcome because if it doesn't, it could be emotionally devastating for him. I'm so excited. So, are you ready? Yeah. To have pictures of this booty? Yeah. Today we're at Museum of Selfies because I give my followers what they want on social media. And they like me being wild and crazy. So I make sure that I go and get that wild, crazy, perfect picture. Cool. Who's this? What's this? [man] Oh, that's Mona Lisa. Okay. I should know who that is, right? You should. Just do the duck lips, like her. Poor Anthony. He runs my social media. I mean, he's definitely a social media genius. Yeah. [laughs] The struggles to put it up. Okay. It looks good. See? That's what I'm talking about. Like it's too big right here. Why did I get hydrogel? You should have went to Mexico. Go big or go home. But sometimes I wish I woulda stayed home. When Brittanya got the hydrogel in Mexico, I was actually really scared. I was sitting there, just staring at her, hoping that everything went safe. And the guy looked at me and was like, "Do you want some too?" I was like... "No, thank you." This wideness is just taking away from me, you know. Yeah. Like we gotta make it smaller. Just a little bit more tamed. And then people could see my face again. Ooh! I can seriously have, like, a car-wreck face and no one would even notice because all they see is my butt. I think it's amazing that I actually have a pretty face. I mean, at least I think I have a pretty face. And it's really not that common. Wait, that's mean. That's mean, huh? I can't say that. That's mean. But it's true. If I could twerk in this super cool, gold room, it would definitely go viral. Yeah. As long as I can move my butt up once... Here, hold on. Go. Did I do it? Okay. You're kinda almost there. [Brittanya] I feel like the reason why I can't twerk is because it's too hard. Twerking's just my goal in life. Like, I've accomplished so much, and that's just my last goal. The goal is not to take away the booty. Yeah, because we want the butt. We want it. We love the booty. Hopefully the doctors, they can help. And if they do, you're gonna take care of me, right? Gosh, you always-- Oh, my god, my big ol' butt really has... [gasps] these friggin' things in here, so... Oh, who's-- that's how big it is. It's just collecting coins. It's just a big problem. It's still-- [bleeping] Just collecting coins. ...big-booty pose. [laughing] Big booty pose. [Dr. Dubrow] Flora, how are you? I'm excellent. How are you? Good. Good to see you. Okay, so we're going to do our best to fix the symmastia, do everything but, you know, they have this expression-- in the Netherlands. When you've had enough of something, you say, genoeg. Genoeg. Genoeg with the implants if this doesn't work. Yes? A deal is a deal. [Dr. Dubrow] For Flora's surgery today, I will make incisions below her areolas and remove her old implants. Next, I will build walls out of scar tissue to fix her symmastia. I will then put a smaller set of implants in and tighten the skin envelope by removing excess skin, hopefully giving Flora two full healthy breasts. Let's do this thing. Okay, so we'll make an incision, and we'll go into the pocket and see if we can figure out what's causing the implants to go toward the center. What the hell is that stuff? I've never seen that before. There's some kind of creepy foreign body in here. [bleep] Immediately after opening Flora's pocket, I'm met with a surprise-- a white substance that looks exactly like bird poop on the windshield. And I don't know exactly what it is... yet. It's weird. It's all integrated in there. I've gotta dig it out. Just when you think you've seen everything. It's not porous and it's not cadaver skin. This could be an abdominal type mesh that you would only use for hernias, never around breast implants. I think it's possible this doctor was so frustrated by his inability to fix Flora's breast malposition problem that he decided to use a very stout piece of general surgery hernia mesh to hold up the implant. He's just making [bleep] up. This mesh pushed the implant so intensely towards the center of the chest I've removed this mesh so it should allow the implant to fall into the side rather than the center. Now it's gonna be a matter of tightening the skin envelope to get a good shape. I'm hoping I can get her good size and good symmetry, which may be the hardest thing to achieve. On this side there's even a weirder, bigger piece of mesh that's sewn into place, with this huge stitch that you would never put near an implant. There are various scales we look at when we do difficult revisional plastic surgery. For example, you go from horrible to sort of yech to good to amazing. The question is, where am I gonna land with Flora's surgery? Okay, we've got a repaired symmastia. It's no longer in the center of the chest. If she heals this, genoeg. This is enough. Let's go down. Let's finish closing. What problems are you having? I mean, I can't twerk. So you go like this, and then you pop it, but see how it's not moving? Oh... So short straw has to eat this. Okay. Yes. Yeah! ♪ I wanna be perfect ♪ Marcelo, how you doing, buddy? Oh, my goodness, you're sweaty. I'm-- I'm slightly nervous. Ah... Are you nervous? Hi, how are you? I'm ready to, like, just move past this. You've been stuck with this all your life. At least let's make it look better. So you can move on and forget about everything. Okay? We wanna erase all this so it goes away. That's our goal. [Dr. Nassif] Today my team will harvest a composite graft from Marcelo's ear while I debulk the nasal labial flap. Next, we'll perform a septoplasty and then use a composite graft of septal cartilage to rebuild his left nostril and raise his nasal tip. Finally we'll factor his bones to improve his profile and cut out the long scar in his left cheek. So we're starting in the nose at the same time as harvesting the composite graft. I'm going to just dissect very carefully around here because I want to see how much of the flap I can get into. Look how fat that is. [Dr. Peng] Mm-hm. Our goal is to defat the flap and let's see if it becomes less bulbous or sticking out. The part that's risky about Marcelo's nose is taking that pincushion flap, lifting it up, which could hurt its blood supply, and then defatting it, which also hurts the blood supply. That little piece of tissue could die right there on the table. So we've opened up the nose, defatted the flap a little bit. Now we're working on the septum. Okay, so here's the septum. [Dr. Peng] Wow, that is amazing. There's still enough cartilage in there for support of the nose, but we need that to help rebuild any part of his nose so we can use that everywhere. Now we're putting the composite graft in the left nostril. There's too much blood in here. He's gonna get swollen. Is the leach lady gonna be around, you think? [man] Probably. You might need to have a leach put on his tip. If Marcelo continues to ooze, he's gonna have an accumulation of blood in between his skin and the cartilage, and that's why leaches will get all that blood out the best way possible. Now we're gonna work on the tip. We're gonna do the scar revision simultaneously. This is gonna be a little challenging here, how to make this look good. So Marcelo has a long incision right along his cheek. Okay, no one touch my hand. I wanna go very gentle. So the goal will be to do a scar revision, which means excise the old scar and then close it again now since he's older and the tissue is more elastic, and try to give Marcelo a very fine, thin line for a new scar. This one's a great job. [Dr. Peng] Great case. Thank you, thank you, thank you. Surgery went excellent. We do have to look out for the color of the flaps, since I thinned it out a lot. How you doing? [sighs] I've had better days, but I know in the future it will be my best days. [laughs] Yes. We're gonna get a leach on that flap also. It sucks out that blood that's not moving that well, which helps with the circulation, helps with the overall survival of the flap. See how they're getting fatter? Yeah. Uh-huh, yeah. They're sucking out the blood. I love it. Yeah. And then what happens is this-- you're gonna take them home with you and as pets. Everyone is waiting for this photo. [laughs] [Dr. Dubrow] So I have an interesting patient. Her name is Brittanya. She had some material injected into her buttock, and I think it's not FDA approved material. And I think she doesn't like the way it looks. What-- What-- Doggy style? [Dr. Dubrow] Does that say "doggy style"? That's kind of... I don't like this... I mean... Right? Yeah, it does say "doggy style." Can you please send in Brittanya? [Dr. Dubrow] There she is. Hi. Nice to meet you. Nice to meet you. Dr. Nassif. It's a pleasure. I'm very scared going into the consultation. I do not want to lose the volume in my butt because if I lose the volume, I probably will lose followers. Okay, so you had done some TV, right? You were on the Rock of Love, right? Yeah, back in the day, yep. Yeah, and you're on Instagram. I'm poppin' on social media. So how many followers do you have now? I have 16.1 million. About 15.2 million followers less than you. [all laugh] So I guess we need your buttock history. Believe I got my butt done in 2008. Buttock implants. Implants. Okay. And then I went back to Mexico, I got my second procedure on my butt. To go bigger? To go smaller? To do what? Things change every year, like all this crazy stuff. Maybe have some upgraded stuff. Hey, just take it all and redo it. So replacement of the buttock implants, no problem with that. Okay. And I ended up getting another procedure, and this is where it kind of all went wrong, in 2016. I got the hydrogel injections. Hydrogel. Yes. Okay. Hydrogels are a type of fillers that are made out of polymers or chains of molecules like plastics. The reason they're not approved in this country is that not enough studies have been done to prove they are safe to use in humans. What problems are you having? You don't like the way it looks? It's just a little too big. Like, it's not a circle anymore. Right. It's more of, like, a oval, and it's a little bit hard. Yeah. I mean, I can't twerk. What do you mean you can't twerk? You-- Because they're too tight? Because I feel like it's too hard. Too hard? Okay. So, as you guys know, the butt's supposed to shake. Right. So you go like this, and then you pop it, but see how it's not moving? Oh... Like it's not... So it's supposed to be... Yeah, it's like doesn't-- It's like it's-- I kinda see what you're talking about. It doesn't jiggle and it sucks because on social media a lot of people are always like, "Wow, you have a nice butt." Too bad you don't know how to shake it. And I'm like, "Ugh..." Oh... [whispering] "Jerk." [Dr. Nassif] So your whole goal basically is to get that great shot, that twerking shot. Yeah. Of the pictures-- 'Cause, I mean, everyone wants-- everybody who wants to see it jiggle and move, you know? It's a little tricky because what to do about foreign material that's injected into the body, so let's go and see what the options are, yeah? Yes. Okay, very good. All right, let's go. [laughs] Wow. [Marcelo] I went for a nose job, but apparently I got a new eye shadow. Am I making you sick to your stomach a little bit? Yes. You getting nauseous? My head spins. Spinning. Spinning. I'm [bleep] pissed. ♪ I wanna be perfect ♪ So what is it about the shape, to start with, that is less than ideal? Take in... [Anthony] It's just too big. ...this a little bit to make it look like this. Okay, a little more narrow in this area, yes? [Anthony] Yeah. And maybe in this area as well? It's mostly here, it looks a little wide. She wants a big, perky butt. But not wide. Like perky. Keep the projection. Yeah, keep it big. But get rid of the width a little bit. Exactly. All right, I can sort-- I can sort of see what you're talking about. It's interesting because you do have a little bit of firmness from the hydrogel, but the hydrogel although maybe doesn't give you the shape you like, it's not really giving you any inflammatory reactions. Most of the patients I see who have had hydrogel injected into their buttock have a lot of pain, inflammation, and granulomatous nodules that cause incredible problems. [Dr. Nassif] I mean, this is rock hard. [Dr. Dubrow] Rock hard and at the surface. Jeez. Very close, very superficial. Does that hurt when I'm pushing in like that? That's all granuloma. Brittanya's actually really lucky. Her butt actually looks pretty good. Theoretically, you could put a liposuction cannula in there and maybe try to take out the hydrogel that might be there. Problem with that is, you may inflame the hydrogel, which is very quiet in there. That's what I'm scared about. What does that mean? So basically once you get them a little excited, you piss them off-- the little hydrogel particles-- and then your body's gonna wanna fight them off and encase them with what we call granulomas changes, and so now you have this a little wide. But what happens if you get this? Because of bumps and irregularities. Once it starts, to try to calm it down sometimes could be impossible. And that sounds very scary. There's a huge risk here. If something happens to that ass, we're no longer in business. Nobody wants to follow a flat Betty. You're very successful based not only on this pretty face but this amazing figure and what you do with it, and I think to take any amount of risk messing with that, just so you can twerk a little bit better... Isn't worth it. Don't you think? Yeah. You know? My career means everything to me. I appreciate everyone who supports me, so I don't wanna let them down at any point, so if this is too much of a risk, I'm not gonna take that risk. So, as experts in the field, I have a question for you. You know the value of pictures and so what would you make of this? Whoo. [Brittanya] I love that one. [Dr. Nassif] That was one of-- That was my-- He wrote, "I mean, can there really be a better throwback Thursday than this? [Brittanya laughs] To which I wrote, "40 years and 40 plastic surgeries ago..." Oh! How are you? Who's this? I am feeling-- This is Fernando, my boyfriend. This is Dr. Dubrow. How are you? Very good. Well, how are you? I am-- I am fabulous. Really? Not too much pain. Mm-mm, not on any medication either. Good. Yeah, very cool. Pretty cool, huh? So this was super hard. I-- It was shockingly hard. I went in and I found a mesh you would use in a hernia operation. Now, did you know that they use mesh? Okay, s-- I did not know that. Yeah, and everything was pushing you like this. Am I making you sick to your stomach a little bit? Yes, oh, my head's spinning. You getting nauseous? Spinning. Spinning. I'm so furious that the doctor used something foreign that he wasn't supposed to use on my breasts. I am [bleep] pissed. I think we're good with the symmastia. All right? Let's look at this. Okay. What do they look like? [Fernando] Very nice. They look like boobies. They look like normal boobies. I'm giving Dr. Dubrow a round of applause. And your nipples are perfectly alive, so yay for that. Everybody meet Thelma and Louise. Hopefully they won't drive off a cliff together. At least, as of right now, it looks like you and implants can sort of stay together. You know, won't have to take you up on the, "This is your last chance yet." A deal was a deal, but hopefully this is it. We will keep a close eye on you, right? Cautiously optimistic. Yes. Okay? [Dr. Dubrow] Paul. [Dr. Nassif] Yeah. You ever heard of the hot-chip challenge? No. It's like the hot-- You never heard of this? You're really good with spicy food, right? No, I have heartburn. I want you to try this. Grace, come here for a second. Have you ever heard of this? You can do it. Have you ever heard of the hot-chip challenge? No. You seen this on YouTube? So my son showed me this hot-chip challenge on the internet, and I thought, "I'll get one of those. Maybe Paul and I will have some fun with it." Whoever gets the short straw has to do this, fair? Okay-- Okay, but yeah, but we gotta make sure it's not cheating. [Dr. Peng] I'm here. [Dr. Dubrow] No cheating. I don't wanna eat this hot, spicy chip, but I'm willing to be fair and draw straws with Paul. So short straw has to eat this. Okay. Okay. Yes. [man] Yeah! I gave you six. What is wrong with you? Take that! Take that! I'm gonna get a heart attack from this damn chip. Drink water. Do it. Eat it. Despite what the urologist said, he's got some balls. Swallow it. It's no big deal, right? [coughing] Is it super bad? Terry, you [bleep]. Seriously? Paul, I have good news and bad news for you. Oh! The bad news is... that's the spiciest chip on the planet. The good news is I didn't eat it. I don't feel good. What ever you do, don't die. [Marcelo] Hi, how are you all? Wow. First time that I've seen bruising and swelling of the upper eyes. I know. From a rhinoplasty. I went in for a nose job, but apparently I got a new eye shadow. I'm just gonna take that off. Remember, this was hole... Yeah, no, I know. It looks ridiculous. Remember? Remember, that was the hole. Amazing. Stuck-on looking type of, uh, nasal labial flap. I thinned it. Right. And it looks spot on. Yeah. Taking a quick look in the mirror right after, I was shocked, like, he said it was gonna be a slight improvement. I see perfection right now. Marcelo, you're very sweet. You think you look perfect now? My friend, you wait till we're done with you. You're gonna look fantastic. This is gonna be a long recovery process, but we'll get through it. Yes. For sure. Thank you so much. Congratulations. Thank you so much. Pleasure. Thank you so much. Huh? Thank you so much. You're welcome. Congratulations. Thank you so much. I can't wait. I know. It's gonna be big. His smile's gonna be so huge when he shows up. It's gonna be amazing. [woman] I know. Oh, my god! Oh, my gosh! ♪ I wanna be perfect ♪ [female singer] ♪ Come on and have some fun ♪ ♪ Let's hang out all night long ♪ ♪ Just want you to hold me ♪ ♪ And be my one and only ♪ [Marcelo] I've been dealing with this problem for 16 years and just going through all the name calling just mentally and emotionally affected my confidence so much. Now I have a new nose It's, like, incredible. Can't wait. I know. It's gonna be big. His smile's gonna be so huge when he shows up. It's gonna be amazing. I know. Like I think it's totally-- [man] I know his smile we'll definitely be able to recognize, but if you-- Hi, everyone. Oh! My god! Oh, my gosh! Oh, my god! I'm now seeing that I look great. [man] Oh, my god. Hi. You look so good! Hi. Looking in the mirror now is super fun. That's so narcissistic. But literally like the Dr. Nassif killed it. Hi, Papa. How are you? We love Marcelo. We are so happy for him. He looks so handsome. Why, you look great. Thank you all so much for coming. I mean, it's so amazing. You look amazing. Oh, my god. Thank you so much. For Marcelo, this doesn't just mean a new nose. It means a new future because he can put all that past behind him and now just look forward. You can just see a glow in him. He's confident. It's very exciting to see the new side of him. I'm just happy now that I just like something that's out of my mind now and I don't have to think about it anymore, and I can just fully move on forward with my life. And I, like, know it looks good. This surgery was something that I needed. I knew that for 16 years this was something that was in the back of my head and that I would tear myself down on, but now I'm able to just fully shine as a person. It's, like, nothing to, like, worry about anymore. Nothing can hold me back now. Strong. Yeah. [Marcelo] Before the surgery A dog bite had left me with scarring on my cheek and nose and a bulky, asymmetrical nose. Dr. Nassif even said that there's not going to be a huge improvement on my nose, but now, seeing the result, I'm just completely blown away by what he has done. The scars are gone and my nose is smooth and proportional. Now I can worry about what real people worry about-- graduation, finding a job, finding a husband. Everything, baby. [Monica] New life. [laughing] [woman] Finally Flora feels good in her own skin. And it's changed everything in her life. She smiles all the time now. She doesn't ground you anymore, Mia? She doesn't yell at you anymore? Yeah. [Flora] It feels absolutely amazing that my boob journey is finally over. I'm just feeling good about myself and my body. That was the-- always the most important thing, is to feel good when I look in the mirror. Now I have two boobs and they're not making out with one another. Thank they broke up. My boobs can be free and they can live happily ever after on a naked beach. Here's Johnny! [woman] Oh, my god! Oh, wow! [woman 2] Oh, my god. Hubba, hubba. Hi. Look at you. Flora looks absolutely amazing right now. This is the best I've ever seen her look. She just has this glow, like an enormous weight has been lifted off her shoulders. When was the last time that I've seen you in a dress like this? You haven't seen me in a dress like this. I know, in years. It's been years. In years. Years and years. I don't see you a long time that happy. I swear to god, you look amazing. Thank you, Mommy. You guys did a great job in pulling me through all this torture of years and years and finally I can go to that European vacation to the beaches that I've always wanted to go to. Yeah. [Flora] Before my surgery, I had a uniboob situation that was not sexy at all, but now, thanks to Dr. Dubrow, I have two separate breasts. So now this is the new true story when Flora's boobs stopped being [bleep] up and finally got fixed. I would like to toast to an amazing, amazing European vacation that we are going on. No more one-piece bathing suits, no more, no more. No mo'. [together] Bury those Spongebob Squareboobs. Yes. Bon voyage, everybody. I love you guys all. Thank you so much. [man] Just when you thought you've seen it all... [laughing] ♪ Let me see your boobs dance ♪ [man] ...Dr. Nassif and Dr. Dubrow are back. [Dr. Nassif] Three breasts? No way. It's just droppin'. I'm like, "What's up?" It's mushed. Whoa! What the heck are we gonna do to fix this? [Dr. Nassif] That is incredible. I am a black witch. [imitating music from Psycho] Yes. [barking] Ow! [howling] Gah! [grunts] You want some of this? [imitating Bruce Lee] [sniffs] Ooh-ah! [man] With tougher cases... [Dr. Dubrow] I'm gonna use techniques I've invented. Will it work? We're about to find out. [man] The emotions run high. A drunk driver had hit us. I couldn't believe that that was how bad my face looked. I feel saw, like, a monster. [Dr. Nassif] And you have no nipples. Mm-mm. I feel like I have no hope. I was dysfunctional. I couldn't take care of my kids. I basically disrupted their whole lives. [man] Surgeries get even scarier. Ugh, disaster. I don't know if this is gonna work. Again, no one's done this. That's exactly what I was worried about. Damn it! This is what the keloid looks like. [Dr. Peng] Wow. Full blown rupture. Chin implant is coming out. This monstrosity. [man] But it's all worth it in the end. ♪ I feel sexy ♪ Hey, guys! [women] Hey! Wow, you've got his A game. Thank you. You're welcome. He's my new superhero. Good job, my friend. [Dr. Dubrow] If you'd like to be considered for Botched, OpenSubtitles recommends using Nord VPN from 3.49 USD/month ----> osdb.link/vpn 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 