Botched: Season 6, Episode 13 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Botched 
 s6e13 - Flaws, Jaws, and Extra Bras - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Botched (2014–…): Season 6, Episode 13 - Flaws, Jaws, and Extra Bras - full transcript 
 A three-boobed woman the perfect pair; working to correct a car accident victim's mangled nose; a 27-year-old LA socialite with jacked up jowls wants a facelift. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Theres nothing I wont try to fix my face. Im a mess. What did you go in for? Like this part was like big. This you thought was big? Yeah, more over here. When I was 16, I was in a horrible car accident. I left part of my nose on Interstate 376. My mother covered every mirror in the house. Really? Its hard, its hard. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 I feel like a circus freak. I refer to myself as the three-boobed lady. Really? Yes. Oh whats happening here? My name is Jina, Im 27 years old, and Im a plastic surgery junkie with a jacked up jaw. My face is droopy, its uneven. I call myself "Jowly Jina" because I have these gigantic jowls. I was like 18 years old getting Botox because my older friends were having Botox, and they were like, "Yeah, its to prevent you from getting like wrinkles." Im like, "Oh yeah, thats a great idea." 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Botox definitely triggered my obsession for plastic surgery. I had a boob job, loved it, lipo, hated it, Nostril reduction, traumatizing, rhinoplasty, didnt make a difference. But I wanted more. So I thought a BBL would be a great idea. It feels real, so I mean I love it. But I dont even like the attention, cause guys are like really gross, and like ooh. And Im like, no. After my BBL, Im like, what else could I do? So I started like focusing on my face. I didnt like that I had a wide jaw. I wanted more of a smaller face. I had a consult with a doctor, I told him what I wanted, and he suggested the muscle reduction and jaw shaping. They make the faces more softer, feminine, and I thought it would be easier on me because Im already a girl. I think that was the worst recovery ever. My jaw is still kind of numb. Its uneven so my face droops. And I have like these like little fat things here and just makes me look like Im frowning all the time. Im a mess. Now, to fix what I shouldnt have done, I bought stuff on Amazon, like contraptors, I dont know, I guess how people use waist trainers, I use a face trainer. And Im hoping that Dr. Nassif could give me a mini face lift and give me my old jaw back. Its because Im way to young to have a droopy face. Do you see the difference? With. Without. With. Without. What do you think of that? Let me see. That looks great. My name is Sandra. Im from Simi Valley, California, and I am the three-boobed lady. My breasts, right now, are a train wreck. My nipple is pointing to the right. My left breast is hard and tight. Worst of all, I have a third breast in the middle of my chest. I got the end of the stick, I really did. Some people pay for three of those, you know. Yeah, in sci-fi movies or something. At this point, I just want them to be where theyre supposed to be. Would like to have just two breasts instead of three. I met my first husband when I was 17. We had three beautiful boys. I was 32 when I divorced my husband, and my sister introduced me to Mike. We went for a ride on his motorcycle and that was it. I like it when you tell everybody how you designed everything. I did help you design the shapes and the curves and... You just worry about your shapes and curves. Im worried about my shapes and curves. He loved to see me in sexy lingerie. He bought it for me all the time. So I wanted to fill it out. I was a size 32A. I had just little, small, perky boobies. So I decided that I was gonna get my breasts done. Going into my surgery, I was very excited. I woke up and I felt like somebody had run me over with a truck. I couldnt breathe, I couldnt catch my breath. Ill never forget that pain. The breast on my right was just a little higher and very hard. So I went in for my second surgery to have it fixed. As the swelling went down, I noticed the breast started falling. My breast moves, literally, all over the place. It looks like a third boob. Its horrible. I will never walk through my house naked. Michael has not seen my breasts since they were done. I really dont want him to touch them. I did it to enhance us. And did it enhance our relationship? No. It didnt. I dont feel pretty. I dont feel sexy. Its affected my life, and the past four years has just kind of been an ego bust. He broke up with me shortly after, and he started seeing someone else who had big boobs. We got back together but my insecurity affected my relationship. Itd be nice to see you come to bed not all wrapped up like a mummy. I think, sexually, it has messed us up. Its messed me up, and thats not fair to him and our relationship. You know how I say these cases are so crazy? I cant wrap my brain around how a breast surgery could result, wait for it, in this... What happened to her breasts? Thats not real! Ive seen hundreds of breast deformities, but a deformity like this with three breasts, no way, first time. Can you please send in Sandra? Sandra. Hi. Nice to meet you, Im Dr. Nassif. Nice to meet you. Hi Sandra, Terry Dubrow. Pleasure to meet you. Whats your name? Mike. Mike, howre you doin, Mike? Good, how are you? Hi Mike, Terry Dubrow, pleasure to meet you. Please have a seat. So Sandra. Yes. Ive got to tell you, we have this expression in breast-revisional surgery called malposition. Means that the breast implant is not in the right place. You have the most dramatic example of malposition Ive ever seen in my entire career. I have referred to myself as the three-boobed lady. Really? Yes. Well I feel like a circus freak. Remember that like... So you went to a plastic surgeon, I assume. Yes, I did. I told him I dont wanna go big. I just want a normal C, small C wouldve been perfect. Okay. And, for the most part, I thought thats what I was getting. Until I woke up from surgery. My right breast was way up here. Immediately? Immediately. Did he ever tell you what happened in surgery? He admitted to me that, he said, "I mustve done something wrong." Okay, did you let him fix it? Yes, I did. All right, so now were about to find out how you got to this cause this is your last operation, right? Ah, it was a nightmare, yes. All right, tell us the story. He just went in to fix it. As I was recovering, it was in the middle of my chest. I never went back to him again. How did you manage that, emotionally? I just hid it from myself, and from him, and I mean Im never without my bra. He never sees me naked, ever. No? I was so embarrassed. Besides the pictures I had to take. That we have, recently, and that was the first time - youve ever seen them? - I know. So you never knew she had this brewing underneath? I didnt know it was that bad. I mean, I walked into her house one day, and she was layin in the bathroom, had candles around, but she had a bra on. I was like, "Ah, my god." I cant even look at myself. When was this surgery, this last one? How many years ago? Four years ago, right? So you guys were dating at that time? Yes, we been back-and-forth quite a bit but, we for the most part, have been together this whole time. So okay. I dont say this to scare you, Im just telling you the truth because honesty is critical when it comes to these difficult revisional surgeries. Thank you, I respect that. This is an extraordinarily hard operation and very, very risky. That scares me. Youll be all right. Im frightened. I dont wanna hear that Im unfixable. Put your hands on your hips and push. Holy. Ive dealt with this for so long, for three doctors, so... To say thats it. I dont wanna be disappointed again. Look at this. Its horrible. Its so embarrassing. Ooh, I just need to look at that for a second. Wow, look at that. Do me a favor, put your hands on your hips and push. Look at that deformity. Holy. So the two key variables we need to focus on are, one, how much natural breast tissue do you have, and two, how much has the skin been stretched in the areas outside of your breast tissue, including the chest wall and the abdominal wall. You know, youve got some natural breast tissue. Thats a very positive thing because the more natural breast tissue you have, one, the more blood supply you have... Okay. ...and two, the more padding you have over the implant. Okay. And then the key variable. So when you replace the implant-- this is sort of where your breast should be. Okay, right there. This is breast skin, this is abdominal skin, and this is sternal skin, the breast-bone skin. Okay? You know, you take a T-shirt, and you stretch the arms, and you stretch the chest, you stretch the belly, and its all now sort of lost its integrity, its own sort of internal architecture. This skin has lost its own internal collagen and elastin. Because Sandras surgeon not only over-dissected her pocket towards the center, but downwards onto her abdomen. That stretched out the skin, and I really have my work cut out for me. I think the best option is to take the implant out, close the pocket off, put a new implant in that fits, and find a way to tighten the skin, somehow to rearrange the tissue so that you have two mounds that are symmetrical... Please. And the skin can show us a good envelope and everything is healthy, and copasetic, and normal. Lets kick its ass. Lets kick its ass. More and more its sounding like this is possible. That its fixable. So Im hopeful. All right. Pleasure, yall, thank you. Thank you. Thats right. Hey. Hi. My names Jennifer and I left part of my nose on Interstate 376. I have a misshapen nostril. The side of my nose has collapsed so I cant breath out of that side. I have a big bump on the left side of it. And its a very ugly nose. I remember that day like it was yesterday. Getting that phone call that you were in a horrible accident. Worst day of my life. When I was 16, I took my moms car and lost control of the car. The car hits the median, and my face was out the window on the gravel and dragged along with the car 175 yards. Ive dealt with this for so long... for three doctors... To say thats it. You know, theres nothing we can do. Like this is as good as its gonna get. Like I dont wanna get my hopes up meeting Dr. Nassif and Dr. Dubrow, because like I just, you know, I dont wanna be disappointed again. The last two nights in a row, Ive been cooking. I cant stand cooking. I have to say, I made an incredible salad. This, for some reason, makes me relax. When Heathers not around, I text the chef downstairs and go... Can you bring me something? I go, "Whats for dinner?" Have the kids eaten yet? Terry, does your chef change your diaper and also get you your little warm baby bottle for you? Lovely lady named Jennifer, many, many years ago she got into a car accident, lost a lot of her nose. Whoa. Lets see what we can do to help her. Okay. Can you please send in Jennifer? Jennifer. Hi. Nice to meet you. Very nice to meet you. Dr. Nassif. I have two girls and they are 13 and eight. I want them to feel positive about themselves. Looks arent everything but, unfortunately, its kind of hard because Im not comfortable with myself. Well, welcome to our office. Thank you. Love to hear your story. Yeah, so when I was 16, I was in a horrible car accident. What were the injuries? Most of it were, you know, needed a lot of stitches, bit through underneath my lip, I was very... Did you lose the tissue of the nose? Yes. What did it look like? I dont know because I did not look at myself for at least a month afterwards. When she went to stay with my parents after she got out of the hospital because I had to go back to work, my mother covered every mirror in the house. Really? At 16, there was no way I could handle seeing what happened to my face. It was horrible. The doctor, the plastic surgeon, did some repairs to you. Something too, yes. And then what happened? That is when I went in for the forehead flap. When a patient has a significant defect, basically, youre missing skin, a forehead flap is used. Thats taking issue right here, lifting it up off the skin, rotating it down, filling in the little defect, let it heal for about four to six weeks, and then severing the intervening piece of tissue, close it up, stitches make it look nice, and boom, youre done, you have a new nasal tip. About 12 years later, I then went back to the same doctor and said, "Can you do something to help me breathe?" He did do a surgery to open up the airway. Hows your breathing now? Not good. And also the fact like when were out, people they come up and be like, "Honey, what happened to you? "Were you set on fire or whatever?" It was terrible. So people would just walk up to you in the market and say that? Yes, and I wanna say none of your business. Are you currently married? I am not. Youre divorced. Mm-hmm. How long ago? 12 years ago. Nothin to do with your nose and your injuries. Possibly. I feel like she settled for someone that I thought she should never have married, and I think she always felt that was the best she was gonna get. Right. Do you think theres any truth in that? I do. Its so hard. I try to prop her up all the time. Always be there for her and try to say, you know, "Youre beautiful, this isnt anything", but its hard, its hard. Although the injuries were rather superficial, I can tell you, the emotional scars are very, very deep. You know, I didnt wake up that day thinking that my whole life was gonna change and it did. You guys dont understand my pain... Aw, babe. Im exercising my jaw... so I can do other things with it. Do you do it everyday? We want it like this but instead... It feels like something crawling inside of me. Yeah. Its so weird. - Hello, my friends. - Hello. Okay, so lets turn your head that way just a little bit. Lower your chin for us a little bit. Okay, so they did a pretty good job up here. Really excellent. That is a really thin scar. Executed it perfectly. Where that little boney fracture is, thats from your trauma. Yes. Was it there right away? This bump or did it take time to develop? It took a little bit of time. Theres a possibility of opening that up, basically, and getting right down to where that bone is and playing with that bone and softening that. -Okay. -Mirror. So I want you to grab this mirror. Okay. Is this growing, this little thing there? It is. Its growing? Mm-hmm. Maybe we can do a little removal of that. If it grows, it goes. Close your eyes. Open them. You have that little bit of extra skin here from your trauma. Oh yeah, because he tried to do like a lift, but its just droopy. Let me feel your nose now. I wonder if that actually could be shortened because if you open this up, because its so big, its pushing this way. If you get a bulk but actually excise some of that. Jennifers trauma gave her almost like an appetizer sampler with all the problems of her face and hopefully I could help with too but, obviously, the main course is fix her nose, and thats where Ill have to focus all my energy on. So the thing to do would be to do an open rhinoplasty, where we lift off all the skin. Okay. And take a peak. And while I lift up everything, Im wanna work on getting your septum fixed. Fixed, okay. Makin your breathing better, at the same point, that while I do that, I might wanna lift up the edge of the flap, de-bulking it, which means remove some of the fullness, makin the nose 75-ish percent improved, I would think that I can do, and then correcting all those other little areas or making them better. Is that gonna make you happy? That would definitely make me happy. Im putting my faith in you. And your face. Yeah, and my face. My faith and my face. Pop it. Oh, my gosh, Im scared. Woo! Girls night. Its nice to hang out with the girls and just like catch up. We normally do like lingerie, face masks, champagne, food. Thats pretty much like sums up our lives. All right girls, its time for face masks. So, look, can you pass me my mouth piece, please? Its the little red thing. What is this? Its safe to say theres nothing I wont try to fix my face. Even if it looks weird. Wait. You look like... Were not gonna judge you, dont be like that. You guys dont understand my pain. Aw, babe. Im exercising my jaw. So I can do other things with it. All righty. All right. Over here. Okay, get me one too, get me one too. Okay, we all need one. Shes showing me some new things. Hey, Ill use some too. Im not opposed to it. Ill use some too. What do you want it to look like? Back to my old face. Got it. What do you think I should do? Get a face lift, get the jaw implant? No. Youre 27. You cant get a face lift. Jina is literally looking for anything that she can do to try to get it back to even close to what it was before, but I dont think she should get a face lift. Well, hopefully Dr. Nassif will be able to fix it because hes the best. He did my nose. Alya, your nose looks so amazing. I know. You really think he could fix it? I mean, if anybody can do it, its literally gonna be him. Cheers! Salut. Good to see you. Sit up for a second. Okay, so you have what I had called the mother of all malpositions, okay. Ideally, what you want is, obviously, the implant centered behind the areola. Im fully aware that theres risks involved with my surgery today. But Im so ready to be not the third-boob lady anymore. So we want it like this but instead... It feels like something crawling inside of me. Yeah. Its so weird. For Sandras surgery, I will start by making an incision under her right areola and remove her old implant. I will then recreate the pocket by closing down the areas that were over-dissected, insert a new implant and then tighten the skin on the lower portion of the breast. Next, I will open up the left side, remove her old implant and the scar tissue, and then tighten the entire breast envelope to obtain symmetry. The first step is to open up the right breast and see what kind of tissue there is to make new barriers out of. Oh wow, thats so interesting. So originally she had breast implants put in, but she said they were really high. She thought he put them wrong, but she just had capsular contracture. The same doctor treating the capsular contracture took too much scar tissue out and opened up the pocket too far, and then it just was in the abdomen. But heres the old pocket. Sandras original surgeon attempted to fix capsular contracture by creating an entirely new pocket outside of the original pocket. I can close down the extra pocket and then put the implant in right behind the breast. You know what they say, you cant go back. Were gonna test that theory. Go into your old home. Whats happening here,? Uh-oh. Since this is not stuck down, I could tent this if I go near there. The stretched out, lax skin overlying the breast bone, which is normally supposed to be very tight, is actually causing an abnormal breast shape and breast contour. So he put the implant completely under both the pectoralis major and the pectoralis minor. Kind of a no-no. Theres not enough saliva in my mouth, so Im always like swallowing and like slurring my words. Okay, thats kind of new. Whats happening here? Uh-oh. Although it might just stick down just the way an old capsule closes off on itself. We could put a drain in it and get it to stay down. So it sucks down. Yeah, I could put a drain in that. Im gonna have to come up with something creative, that may involve putting a suction device, try to get the skin to stick directly down to the chest wall and make the overall breast contour better. Will it work? Heres hopin. Lets open up this left side and see if its something strange like the other side. Okay, so he put... the implant... completely under both the pectoralis major and the pectoralis minor. Which is kind of a no-no. Okay, lets put the implant in. This envelope is looser now. We gotta do a lift on the left. Damn, all right, lets do a lift. Sandra just had a very difficult surgery. Its going to require a lot of recovery and maybe a little bit of luck. But I can tell you that if this works, she should be extraordinarily happy because Ive never seen a malposition this bad, nor do I ever wanna see it again. Exceeded my expectations completely. Okay, put her down, lets close. Yes! Yes, yes, yes. Come here. Were gonna see Jina next. Okay. And shes requesting a lift. Breast lift? Face lift. Face lift. And shes 27. A face lift? A face lift. Take a look at her. I mean... I mean I dont see that much loose skin. No. So lets see her. Can you please send in Jina? Miss Jina, hi. Hi. Im Dr. Nassif. Nice to meet you. Hi Jina, Terry Dubrow, how are you? Nice to meet you. Good. Hi, Alya. Alya. Yeah. Wait a minute, you look very familiar. Yeah, you did my nose. Oh. Four years ago. Four years ago. I know, isnt that crazy? Looks good. Thanks. Alyas nose looks pretty darn good after all these years. I think I have to give myself a little pat. Actually or a little spank, somethin. Gotta do somethin. - You guys live in LA? - Yes. Since were both out of it, now especially me being out of it, what is happening now? What does everyone do? We do a lot of houses. House parties. Yeah, like houses. So what, youll just go there for dinner and hang out? Well just hang out. Sometimes we just say we just invite ourselves over, right. Did you ever go to, like, to New York, New York, out in Woodland Hills, the dance club or... No. Any of those things? No. Voila, or Chez Moi? No. Voila or Chez Moi, the disco places. No. Back in our days? No, I never went there. Im so happy Pauls finally married and no longer has to worry about being hip. Now all he has to think about is not breaking one. We know you had some jaw surgery. Yes. Can you take us back? Because it looks like you like plastic surgery. I knew when I was like 15, Im like, I want my boobs done. So, saved up for it and got it when I was like, I just turned 18. All right so any more surgeries? My nose, my butt... Your butt, what did you do to your buttocks? Brazilian buttock lift? Yeah, and my jaw. What did you go in for? Because I thought my face is big. Now Im like, my face was fine. When you think your face, you mean this you thought was big? Yeah, more over here. I thought it was really big. Wait a minute, way over here? Yeah, like this part was like big. Okay. When I got my jaw done, my doctor shaved down my muscle, took out my buckle fat. Muscle shaving or the masseter muscle. Yeah, that thing. Shaving it? Hmm. Okay, thats kind of new. We give Botox in the masseter muscle to shrink it. Shaving it down sounds dangerous. I would never do it. Any complications? Its kind of numb still. And like theres not enough saliva in my mouth, so Im always like swallowing and like slurring my words. You know when you take buccal fat out, which is cheek fat, theres a duct right here that enters from the perotid gland... Right. And you make an incision between the second molar and that duct, if you get too close to the duct, it can block the duct with scarring, and you may not get parotid secretions. So you might have a bit of a dry mouth from that. I definitely do. Cause you go-- she goes like. Really? And Im always thirsty, cause my mouth is always dry. Yeah. So what are your complaints right now then? I dont like the way it looks. Okay. So the main thing is this fullness you have on both sides? Thats what you think the bulging is, yes? Yeah. I definitely want a face lift. Thats why I tried all the PDO thread lifts and like... You had the PDO threads for what? Its like, its supposed to be a little face lift but it went away in like two weeks. There are threads that are used to help tighten the neck line or the jaw, or to elevate the eyebrow, and you slide them in with a needle, and they have these little hooks on them. The problem is, they dont last. So you think a face lift will do the same thing but longer lasting. Is that the whole point? Yes. Heres the question I have for you. What do you think the chance is of anyone talking her out of any procedures is? I think you guys are the best chance. So were here to talk you out of things. Yeah. I mean, lets get in the exam room. I want you to take off your makeup. Okay. I wanna really look at that jaw line of yours, okay? Mm-hmm. This was in the left airway. Deviated just like that. So you have a big spur. Shes got a massive nasal spur, which is made out of bone. What Im really concerned about is that circus act of that third breast and Im just hoping the circus has left town. Do you think it looks different on this side? Yeah. You see it? I mean... No. It looks like I have a double chin. I cant. Take this away from me. No, it does not. What are you doin' with that mirror? Nothing. We saw you. She was tryin to notice the difference. So go ahead, do what you were doin, were gonna watch. She was looking and then she was like "I have a double chin." And I was like "No, you dont." Yeah, now I have a double chin. See, this. This is not. What youre looking at is this right here right? Yeah. Thats where your buccal fat was. Youre focusing on something thats really not that bad or present. Jina is way too young to get a face lift. No way. There something we call elastin, and theres collagen fibers, and all these great things in the skin, especially when youre young, Asian skin has very, very, very, tight, wound up elastin fibers which dont like being pulled abnormally. Your PDO threads lasted two weeks. Theyre supposed to last a year. A face lift is supposed to last about a good seven years. Right. Seven times longer. What is that, so 14 weeks? So for 14 weeks you might look tight there... - Three months. - Okay? And then what happens? It goes back to normal? Shoots back to normal. Oh, my God. Its cause I have Asian skin. Asian skin has a predisposition for keloid scarring, which is thick, elevated scars. Dont do it. Jina needs to forget about her face lift. Her skin is nice and tight. What she needs to do is come back in about another 60, 70 years. By that time shell be Terrys age. Thats when she needs a face lift. Did we, at all, kind of explain that to you and making you weary about getting a face lift? Of course. I mean, I would not want those scars and all that work and then it goes back like that. So I guess the face lift is out of the question. I dont want to spend all that money for it to go back to normal. Im still gonna get my injections and thread lifts. Nice seeing you. Nice meeting you. Thank you, nice meeting you too. Pleasure. - Good morning. - Good morning, young lady. So big, big car accident. Coming in specifically for the nose but then maybe we can fix a bunch of things. Yes. I am feeling a bit nervous today, but Im hoping for, you know, some positive results and some changes. We have a full day ahead of us with Jennifer. We wanna, first of all, get her nose straight. Right now, its very crooked. I dont think Ill be able to get it perfect, but if I can get it like this, that would be better. And then also when I get inside there, Ill look to see if anything else I can do to improve Jennifers airway. For Jennifers surgery, my team will harvest rib while I remove the boney mass on Jennifers left, lower forehead, the mole on her right cheek, and some extra skin over her right, upper eyelid. Then Ill open up the nose, do a septoplasty, add a septo-extension graft to help straighten the nose and open up her airway. I will then file down the small hump on her dorsum and finish by de-bulking the flap on the left side of Jennifers nose. All right, give me a 15 blade. So it looks like theres some type of a little bone. You know, probably from the trauma but whatever it is, were gonna get rid of it. Go ahead. Theres that little... Well, heres the bone. Okay, so heres the mole coming off. Hold on. I wanna make sure we get the stalk. When youre excising a mole, you have to make sure that you get all of it including the stalk otherwise its gonna grow back. So heres the upper eyelid skin. That little strip of skin right there. Ive completed the small things that I wanna do on the face-- bone, skin, eyelid, mole. So what I have to do next is the difficult part, which is open up the nose and see what Im working with and then try to get the best result possible. You know those septo-support grafts? Yeah. I think theyre gonna have to be long and thick, pretty much to rebuild the septum. Thats fine. This was in the left airway. Deviated just like that. So you have a big spur. Shes got a massive, left-sided nasal spur, which is made out of bone. But once thats gone, you could drive a Mack Truck right through that left airway, and shell be able to breathe beautifully. So now weve finished the complete deconstruction of Jennifers nose. Now its time for reconstruction. Were gonna use a lot of rib cartilage to help get the nose straight. Okay, septo-extension graft going in. This is gonna help, God willing, keep the tip straight. Dr. Peng and I are gonna, basically, de-bulk and de-fat the flap on the left side of Jennifers nose, which was from the forehead flap. What were gonna try to do is remove about 25% of the flap and by doing that, its gonna make the skin not push out as much. Looks fantastic. Good. Dr. Peng, you are the bomb. - Hello, young lady. - Hello. Would you like to hear what I found? Yes. I have a big smile on my face cause I dont feel like somebody ran me over. And you know what? To me, thats a great sign. As you know, this skins supposed to be very tightly adherent to the breast bone but it was disrupted completely. So I put a drain in with suction, sticking this one down. And it will, theoretically, hopefully, it should, heal down. This one is fixed, in a good spot. This one is lifted. And they should end up very close. Sandra had a very big operation with pocket closure and rearrangement of the soft tissue, but what Im really concerned about is what she refers to as that circus act of that third breast, and Im just hoping the circus has left town and has taken the clowns with them. Oh, baby, I dont have a boob in the middle of my chest anymore. Wow. Not bad, huh? Yeah. Youre crying? I am. Youre happy? I dont have a boob in the middle of my chest anymore. Im normal, Im no longer the three-boobed lady. Hows that? I dont miss it. So good. Im excited. We have a good result brewing. Lets brew it all the way to the end. All right? Any questions for us? No, were good. I just wanna get Sandy healed. But its hard to say if its gonna change our future. Well just see what happens. Thank you so much. Congratulations, you two. All right. Thank you. Thank you so very much. I have been bleeding non stop. So I would like to say you, leeches. I was not normal. Now, it feels good to have two boobs instead of three. Hi, guys. Hi, Mom. The whole leech experience, like, really unnerved me. I wasnt sure if that was, you know, a normal thing or not. It was weird, I could feel them sucking and then they just grew, and grew, and grew, and got really fat. That was a new experience for me. There was a lot of bleeding yesterday after the leech therapy. I have been bleeding non-stop, so I would like to say you, leeches. Thank you. Hello. Hello, young lady. Hi. How you doin? Good, better than yesterday. Hi. All right. Its really swollen and I know you had leeches on there, cause I know you had some bleeding. Yes. But the leeches is to help get any blood out of there so that it will heal better. So lets take a peak. I wanna kind of inspect every area. And Im gonna start with over here. So youre eye is closing pretty well over here. Let me look over here where we took off the little mole. All right. Taken that little bone area down. That feels great. All right now let me get to the important part here. Okay, the color looks very good and this looks a little swollen. How do you feel? Pretty good. Yeah, everyday will get a little better. So overall I was very pleased. I got you a lot straighter, your airway should be better. We did a lot to Jennifers nose and face. Theres a lot of swelling and bruising and stitches. And its gonna take about a good couple of months before she can really start seeing some improvement. Im excited, once everything settles down, to see how it looks. Its just amazing. Jen feeling so much better inside is just gonna bring out more happiness with her and her daughters. Thank you so much. Okay, Ill see you later. Thank you. You guys wanna play some Skee-Ball? Yeah, sure. Why dont you guys play first and Auntie and I will watch? I cant wait to see Jen. I know, Im really excited to see her. I have wanted this moment for a very long time. I was only 16 when my accident happened, and for the past 20 years, Ive been dealing with a disfigured nose that was lopsided, caved in, I was having trouble breathing, dealing with people staring at me, making comments. I had lost hope but along came Dr. Nassif and he answered all my prayers for me. Hows she been like at home since the surgery? She definitely feels more happy. ]Jennifer] I feel pretty excited for today. I think my girls are gonna be very surprised. For them to be able to see me finally happy with myself, I think is gonna be really good for them. - See whos gonna beat who. - I dont know. Hey girls. Hi! You look great. Thank you, what do you guys think? It looks so good. You look so beautiful. Aw, thank you. Oh my god, you look amazing. So beautiful. Thank you. I feel amazing. I feel like you look more confident. Yeah. I got dressed up today. We can go and do something fun. We never get to do this kind of stuff. Do you feel like ever like now you feel like youre more beautiful? I do feel more beautiful, I definitely do. Were happy for you. She just looks like really pretty. We love our mom no matter what, but like seeing her happy with her nose now and how she looks makes us all happy. Thank you, Dr. Nassif. Mom, you know its been a long 20 years. It was a horrible thing that had happened, and you have been by my side the whole entire time, and I really appreciate that. And Im hoping now that we can both move on from it. I hope so. Before my surgery, my face was a wreck. My misshapen nostrils and deformed nose made me very self conscious. I felt I couldnt be a good role model for my daughters. And on top of all that, I couldnt breathe well. And now, thanks to Dr. Nassif, my nose looks a lot better and I can breathe. He went above and beyond. Those damn leeches. Really good score. This has just been a journey. I went from teeny, tiny little peas into a nightmare. A breast in the middle of my chest. I was not normal. And I lived with that for five years. Now, theyre both where theyre supposed to be. It feels good to have two boobs instead of three. I feel like a beautiful woman. Ooh. Itll be good to see mom. Yeah. Guys, it will be good to see mom. Even after that whole break up, its almost like it was for the better, you know? Yeah, I think so too. After surgery, I literally got a lot off my chest. Unfortunately, things with Michael and I didnt work out. We both went our separate ways. Dr. Dubrow may have fixed my breast, but nobody couldve fixed the damage that was done to my relationship. I knew there were problems, and it took three boobs on my chest to realize that I dont need to be sexy for anybody but myself. Hey, guys! Hi, Mom! My boys. Hey, Mama. Ive lassoed you all up. You look really good. Thank you. The transformation for my mother has been huge. She just seems so much more positive, and radiant, and all smiles. Its enjoyable. You look great. Thank you, I feel amazing. You guys look good too. Thank you. Good to be here. My mom looks amazing. You can really see the glow coming from the inside now. Whoa. All right. Nice break, mom! Two balls in. Before my surgery, I had three boobs, a deformed breast on the right, one in the middle, and a hard rock on my left. I looked like a circus freak. But now, thanks to Dr. Dubrow, I have two perfectly symmetrical breasts. That third breast is gone, I feel sexy and secure in my skin, and I dont need a man to validate that. I rock it. Nice shot, Mom. Good shot. Its so beautiful. I mean, look, theyre so pretty. Nice shot, Mom! Are you kidding me? I have the biggest fake boobs in Norway. Obviously, the best way to fix your nose is to take out the breast implants. No, no, no, no. In my 33 years of boxing, Ive broken my nose approximately 22 times. Ugh, hes got so much scar tissue in his nose. Its like a rock. Yeah. And you have no nipple? And I have no nipple, no areola. You have no nipples. This is the worst complication I have ever seen. At this point, I feel I have no hope. If youd like to be considered for Botched, 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 