Botched: Season 6, Episode 6 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Botched 
 s6e6 - Boob Greed & Bump Its - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Botched (2014–…): Season 6, Episode 6 - Boob Greed & Bump Its - full transcript 
 A woman with four implants in her chest seeks Dr. Dubrow's help to remove them while a transgender patient from Australia wants to add two implants on top of her head to replace her Bump It... 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 In the last four years, Ive spent nearly $200,000 transforming from a male to a walking, talking Bratz doll. I need an implant in my head, like two boobs. I often have patients that want bigger breasts, but not more of them. The doctor was like, "How would you like a boob job too?" Two for one! Gag me with a spoon. Every portion of her nose has a complication. Theres risks with the surgery, so Im scared. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 I have two sets of breast implants in my body. Two implants? Yeah. Its forbidden. Thats a lot of breast implants. This is all cadaver skin. Jesus. This is super weird! My names Jolene and Im from Australia. In the last four years, Ive spent nearly $200,000 transforming from a male to a walking, talking Bratz doll. Thats cute. Yeah. That ones actually cute. To achieve my goal, I need to have my nose fixed because my nose is way too large for my face, 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 and I just want it to be as close to a dolls nose as possible. Thats cute. Before I was Jolene, I was Joseph. Id always watch Baywatch with my grandfather, and identified with Pamela Anderson and not so much David Hasselhoff. And thats when I realized that I was born in the wrong body and needed to pursue becoming a woman. And then I became all of this. Ooh. That ones good. Oh, I love that! That is so cute. That is everything. Ever since I started transitioning, Ive had hormone replacement therapy, and Ive had about 15 surgeries, six nose jobs, my boobs done twice, my ears pinned back. When I was 16 I did forge my parents signature so that I could get lip filler, and my lips did look like big swollen sausages. But I was totally obsessed with them. I got my first nose job because I was having sex with a guy in the back of his dads Mercedes in the basement of the Luxor, and he was wearing a gold chain, and it kept hitting me in the nose. I found out a week later that it had entirely fractured my nose and my septum, so I had to have it repaired. And while they were in there, I did ask them just to straighten it up a little bit. Give me more of, like, a doll-looking nose. After I had my first nose job, my nose was still a little wider than Id liked. So in the last five years, Ive had six nose jobs in total. But, Im still not happy with my nose, I just feel like my nose looks like the head of a penis, and I do still want another nose job. Im pretty confident Dr. Dubrow and Dr. Nassif will definitely be able to help me out. Im a huge fan of Dr. Dubrow. He is one of my top celebrity crushes. If hes available, so am I. All right, so thats whats in me right now. Like this, right here. My name is Brittany, and I bring a whole new meaning to double Ds. I have two sets of breast implants in my body. I have a set here, and I have a set here. My breasts look deformed. They look like saggy breasts and Im in a lot of pain. I guess you could say Im stacked. When I was eight or nine years old, I was super skinny. As I got a little older, I had scrawny arms and no boobs. I did not like the way my breasts looked. It definitely bothered me emotionally. My sisters were filling out really nicely and they were having boyfriends, and I thought that, more curves were better. Thats just what I related to beauty. Do you remember when that was all I had? Could you imagine? Finally I met my husband Justin. One day, I was like, "Ah gosh, I just really want a boob job." Justin seemed to be automatically on board. It of course made me think theyre probably really bad. I immediately started to look up plastic surgeons. And I found this one had great before and after photos. My first augmentation I went with the 600 CCs and everything was wonderful. About ten months after my surgery, I ended up going back to the gym. Immediately, I knew I messed my boobs up because on the right side, my breast implant started poking through my skin. The surgeon didnt have a definitive answer, but he did say that he wouldnt mess with it, so I decided I was going to look elsewhere. I felt like, if we were gonna have it done again, I wanted to go bigger. I definitely wanted an hour glass figure. I do have "boobgret." Like how did we not know that was ridiculous? I wanted to go 1,300 CCs. Every single doctor told me that they would not do that because it would give me all kinds of complications and it took me five or six consults to finally find the doctor who gave me these. The doctor suggested that we could stack the silicone implants and also fix my implant that was poking through my muscle. So I went in for surgery and when I woke up I had my big boobs and I was happy. But I was in a lot of pain. Pretty quickly I realized that it didnt go so well. I noticed a puzzle piece where the right side of my cleavage dipped in and the left side followed that. It made me really self-conscious. I just knew Id made a horrible decision. Its been 10 months since my surgery, and in more ways than one, I am still paying the price for these boobs. Having these strap marks from my bra. I hope Dr. Dubrow and Dr. Nassif can give me one set of implants. Because the back pain from my boobs just kills me. And I want the opportunity to redo this mistake. Here you go, I want my boob to look like that. Here, Ill-- Do you want to compare it to yours, how yours are double stacked? Im a little late today so you know why? I know. My daughters school called and said, "Theres the underclassmen award ceremony. We think you probably should come." So, they start, "Okay next were gonna give the student of the year awards." And they start with the freshmen. Its funny because Im so not emotional, you know? Youre never emotional, Ive never seen you. So she goes, "The freshmen student of the year award goes to Max Dubrow." And I go, and I lost it. And so she goes down there and gets this award and took a picture and I just was floored. Floored. Look at me, Im such a wuss. Its good. Its great to see Terry getting emotional and not just joking or ragging on me. I go up to her and say, "Im so proud of you. You work so hard and youre welcome for the DNA." Yeah, you had to throw in your... Well, it was nice while it lasted. All right, our next patients named Brittany. And when you look at Brittanys breasts, theres a lot of upper pole fullness, yet theyre kinda bottomed out. So how do you get... And theres fullness there too. Usually its one or the other. Lets bring Brittany in, find out whats going on with this shapes issue. Can you please send in Brittany? Brittany. Hello. Dr. Nassif. Very nice to meet you. Hi Brittany, Terry Dubrow. Im super nervous to tell Dr. Nassif and Dr. Dubrow that I have four implants in. It kinda feels like telling my mom that I did something wrong when I was younger. So take us back, tell us about the genesis of all of this. Okay, my first boob job was 600cc under the muscle. Big. Yeah. Immediately after, my implant was actually poking out of my right breast. Oh really? Yes and my doctor said that he wouldnt touch it and it wouldnt be worth fixing. So I decided to seek out other doctors and do consults, and at this point, I knew right away I wanted to go bigger. You thought, "If I have to get this fixed, I might as well go bigger." While youre there. Thats exactly what I thought. So what happened? I met a lot of great doctors who turned me away. Highly expected. And I had a very specific number in mind and... Which was what? It was 1,300 CCs. Silicone implants come in a maximum of 800 CCs. Anything larger than 800 CCs puts the tissue under too much tension and predisposes you to thinning of the skin, atrophy of the breast tissue or significant capsular contracture. Its like putting a bunch of people in an elevator that meets the weight capacity. You can do it, but do you want to be in that elevator? He said we could stack silicone implants. Stack? Stack two implants? Each side? Stack implants? - You have two implants in each breast? - Yes, I do. One above and one below the muscle. Right, so ones below the muscle. You go to the implant company inserts, it specifically says, "Do not stack implants." Oh, my God! Its forbidden. And is it causing back pain? Oh, yes. And a lot of neck pain because the sports bra would just dig because my boobs are so heavy. Lets face it, theres a reason they dont make bigger than 800 CCs. Yes. I see this and they are very right. Thats one of the s-- Walking around with four implants inside of me, I just feel like its my dark little secret. It makes me feel embarrassed and Im very desperate to leave this very poor choice behind me. What do you wanna do? I personally would like to go 800. To replace 1,300 CCs. Correct. Above and below, the stacked situation. All right, so lets go and do a physical exam, figure out whats going on, okay? Okay. All right. He mutilated me. It may not be fixable at the end. Dont tell me that. I definitely 100% need two breast implants on my head. Like, two boobs. Okay. Okay so, this represents the on top of the muscle implant. This is the under the muscle implant. But this has to come out. What do you have breast implant up here? Yeah. You know, breasts doesnt start from the clavicle, the collar bone, and go down like this. Okay, we can take them all out, put a new pair in and do some kind of lifting procedure, which means scars. That will decrease the distance between here and here that will give you a smaller breast envelope. Youd need to be reduced both in this dimension and this dimension. Okay, I dont know if I wanna take that risk having all those scars. I think Id be okay with the one under here, I dont think Id be okay with the one here. It may not be possible to do it with just this. They may have to have a vertical component. I know it may be necessary to have scars in order to come out better than I came in. But that scares me a lot because I just feel like I wont see my breasts as beautiful anymore. There is one other option. I can staple up, just this. In other words, simulate by bringing these together and not doing this, what it would look like, and if it looks way superior, I will not give you vertical incision. That would be awesome. Yeah, I like that idea. Yeah. There are three kinds of lifts. A donut lift, which goes just around the areola, which gives you a little bit of tightening. A lollipop, which is around the areola and vertical, and then the full-blown anchor lift, which has all three. But I wont know until Im in surgery whether a horizontal or a full lollipop will be required. Does that sound like a battle plan? That sounds amazing. Its been a pleasure meeting you. Been a pleasure meeting both of you. Pleasure. Great pleasure meeting you. Are you ready to make some pudding? What are you doing? Are you literally just making, like, the implant to see if it fits in your head? Yeah, I guess I just have to make my own and see what kind of size I need. So well just have to do it ourselves then. Yeah! Along with my nose job, I want two breast implants on the top of my head to give me that Bratz doll look. Making my head look bigger at the top. I was just thinking the other day, how annoying it is having to do my hair every single morning. I could be married by now if I didnt have to do my hair every morning. Yeah. Like, literally. You know? Oh, my God, you literally could! Hopefully this is my last time in a kitchen. Oh, my God, I literally dont know how, like, women in the 60s did this. What if I do this? Oh, my God, thats such a good idea. Sometimes you just gotta hold it open to get it in. Oh, my God, this is harder than getting a man in there! This feels familiar. There we go, is it in? Its in. Every single day, I put a Bumpit into my hair, and I thought, "What if we just have it in there permanently?" Oh, my God, I am so excited to see what this looks like. Like, look at that, I love that. Its perfect. The implants on the top of my head and a smaller nose will definitely get me a little closer to my goal of looking like a doll. You know how youre always talking about how your heads like always smacking against the headboard when youre having sex? Like that time I got knocked out? Yeah, this is gonna be, like, a pillow protection. Oh, my God! Oh, my God, like two in one. That is like perfect. Hi, welcome! Can we taste some cheeses? Whatve you got, anything from Wisconsin? My name is Norina and my nose looks like a ski lift. You can see my brain from looking at me straight forward, and theres bumps on the bridge of my nose. I definitely would want it to be down, cute, button nose. I grew up in a big Italian family. We all had big Italian noses. Looks like a meatball on the end of your face. Thats the typical Italian nose. But unfortunately, I took home the trophy for biggest nose. "Hey, Ma, theres a cannoli on my face." We used to tease each other a lot. I used to call my sister Nina, Nina wiener cheese ball cleaner. And she called me ski lift nose. At the time, we didnt know the teasing and the pranks would have such a long lasting emotional effect on me. 19 I got engaged and I wanted to get this nose job done before my wedding. And nobody was gonna tell me no. Which is why I didnt tell anybody. In my family thats a huge no no. Everybody knows everything. So I saw a commercial with this jingle, it was awesome, I was like, "These guys are professional. This is the doctor I need." Who knew that a good jingle meant you were a professional doctor? The day of surgery came, the doctor never came to see me. He never marked anywhere. Nothing. And when I woke up, I was mortified. There was scarring, my nose looked crooked. All I could think about is, "Im gonna have 150 person wedding in three months and Im gonna have deformity on my face." He just jacked me all up and I know its not gonna be perfect but I hope that Dr. Nassif can take away most of what the other doctor did to deform my face. After the surgery, my mom saw my face and broke down in tears, started cursing in Italian. I was so mad that I would do this, one without her. Two, change a perfect face to her, that she made. I definitely felt disappointed in myself because it would just hurt me to know my daughter felt, like, so bad about herself that she felt she had to change herself and that she couldnt tell me. This was part of my decision to contact Dr. Dubrow and Dr. Nassif. Dr. Nassif is my last chance to hit the redo button. Its the redo button for our whole family. Right, it is. You know. And its my chance to fix that. Say goodbye to the nose! I already held a funeral for it, its done. Theres risks with the surgery. So Im scared. Oh, God, look at that. This is all cadaver skin. Is this surgery or Silence of the Lambs? So you know how into Instagram, Twitter, social media you are? We always had about 100,000 followers difference between us. So weirdly, in a 24-hour period. I jumped. Yeah. Yeah. Youve jumped 50,000 followers. So either youre dating Kylie Jenner, or something else is happening. Okay, something else is happening. Kind of like that. Yeah. So you... First of all remember, not everyone knows who I am. But when you see my incredible stories that Ive put together, they love them. Your incredible stories, is how I fall asleep at night. Listen, Terrys just jealous because after they see some of my content, how funny and how good looking I am, great surgeon, of course they want to follow me. So what do I have for you this morning? Take a guess, its a... Nose? Complicated nose I bet. Complicated nose. Norina had a rhinoplasty. So shes now got that typical overdone tip, and now shes got that piggy look. This was considered widely, not to be fixable. Oh yeah. Lets see her. All right. Can you please send in Norina? Hi! Norina, nice to meet you. Nice to meet you. How are you? Dr. Nassif. How are you? Nice to meet you, Nina. Sisters? Sisters. Yeah. Please have a seat, welcome. So tell us about your journey and what happened? Growing up in a large Italian house, my whole family teased me. Teased you about what? About my nose. We teased her but I mean, it wasnt serious. So I went in and I saw the doctor, and he was like, "Nose job. How would you like a boob job too?" Oh! Two for one! Gag me with a spoon. You should never bring up an unrelated procedure. Youre basically not a surgeon, youre a salesman. So what happened, whatd you get? You said, "No, Im not into the breast thing?" Yeah, I said, "Im too young for that, I wanna wait." Cause I wanted to have kids. The whole appointment lasted five minutes. Oh. And then I never saw him again. Ooh, jeepers. You didnt see the surgeon the day of surgery? No. They prepped me for surgery, that was it. No marking. So you never saw the doctor, you were under anesthesia? Right, yes. He mutilated me. You can see the scarring, you can see stitches. And the second I took the bandages off at home. What do you mean? You took your own dressing off? I did. Yes. He told you that was the thing to do? Yes. Thats a nightmare. Yeah, it was. So did you go back to the doctor for a post-op check? They werent there when I went back. The place had been shut down. I was trying to get my files, to see if I could get a revision from somebody else. I couldnt get anything. Your nose the way it is now, was it exactly the way as it is now, or over the years has this gotten worse and lifted up more? Its definitely gotten worse. By the way, if you look in plastic surgery textbooks... Yeah. ...the chapter on this is very short, and it ends with the, "It may not be fixable" statement at the end. Dont tell me that. So, youre goals to repair your nose would be what? I dont want it to stick up. And I dont want you to be able to see my brain - when you look directly into my face. - Right. You want to basically get your nose looking more normal? - Correct. - If possible. So I think at this point we need to examine you. It really stinks to see Norina hurting for so many years now, as a consequence of all that teasing. And so I want to be here for her and cannot wait for it to be behind her so that she can feel confident again. Okay, lower your chin for me. Very thin skinned here. Long medial crural, thats a piece of your cartilage. I mean, usually its never exposed but because the nose has rotated so much in her. Your septums deviated to the left, - everything has collapsed. - Yeah. Norina has a over resected, short, crippled nose. I need to leave this long and this is tight. Her bones are asymmetric and deviated. Her middle vault is asymmetric. Her tip has no shape. Her septum is deviated. Almost every portion of her nose has a complication. This is gonna be the key point here. Adding that extension to lengthen your nose. Theres risks with the surgery. And the more I pull on your skin, the more risk for compromise and infection and bleeding and scar formation. I dont know what Im gonna get. The fact that the best of the best is telling me, this may not ever end for me, this nightmare, is terrifying. I do a lot of short noses and hes seen me. Theyre bad usually but not as bad as yours. Right. So Im scared. So basically youre saying that youre gonna have to walk on water to fix this? Miracle. Well I do have a plan. So you wanna do this? I wanna do this. Well, you passed the scare test, I can tell you that. I know itll be great, I really do. Pleasure, nice meeting you. Great pleasure meeting you. Wait one more time, you have the softest hands. You know what they say? Great hands, great nose surgeon. Its now or never. When we get home, Ill take you skiing. Brittany! How are you? Im very good, how are you? Its good to see you. So, you know we have this expression in plastic surgery. You never wanna be interesting. You are totally interesting. Okay, do me a favor, sit up for a second. Because question is, will you have a lot of laxity in this direction requiring a scar to tighten it up, like this? Or can I just get away with a horizontal scar? Its just the lollipop or the anchor scar that scares me but if thats going to produce the absolute best results, Okay. - Im would be okay with that. - Okay. For Brittanys surgery today were going to first remove the two sets of stacked implants. Then well insert a single pair of 800cc implants and try to determine whether or not Brittany will need both horizontal and vertical incisions in order to give her the breast lift that she needs. Okay so, exactly where are Brittanys breast implants? Thats her muscle right there. Thats her muscle right there. I dont know, lets take this one out. Take that one. Oh, God. Look at that. Look at that, Heidi. No way, what did he do? Sew down the muscle? What a bizarre idea. Jesus. This is super weird. Trying not to give her a vertical scar. Is it fixed? My favorite Australian word is "no." No? No. No. No? No. No? Lets take this one out. Oh, God, look at that, what did he do? Sew down the muscle? Is it completely closed off? Yep, he took cadaver skin and extended the muscle. Oh, my gosh! This is all cadaver skin. Seeing all that cadaver skin, I think to myself, "Is this surgery or Silence of the Lambs?" He lifted the muscle up because the muscle wouldnt cover the whole implant. He sewed a piece of cadaver skin in as a shelf. Yup. Keeping the upper one under the muscle, way up here. He gets 10 points for creativity, thats for sure. Look at this thing. Lets go to the other side. Okay, here it is. This is the one on top of the muscle, and this is the one inside. Isnt that incredible? Thats a lot of breast implants. Okay, so lets put 800cc. Brittany wanted an 800cc implant to give her the volume that she likes. Fortunately thats almost exactly what I need to give her the contour that she really wants. Now I just hope I can give Brittany a lift without vertical incisions. Because I know Brittany really wants to avoid those scars. Lets commit to some lower incisions, ready? Wow thats a lot of skin removed. Yup. Okay, weve taken off two large ellipses from the bottom part of each breast. Trying not to have to make a vertical incision. Lets see what it looks like. Dont wanna give her a vertical scar. You know what? We can always add a scar but you cant take a scar away. - Right? - Right. Although I can probably give Brittany a little more of a lift by doing a vertical incision, knowing that she really doesnt want a scar there, its not worth it. And its probably a better idea to leave good enough alone. Lets close. We have a patient who is transitioning. This is Jolene, and Jolene has done breast augmentation surgery. Looks pretty good, right? Yeah. Looks pretty good. And has concerns about her nose. So why dont we see if we can help her, okay? Sure. Can you please send in Jolene? Hola! I hope you fellas love chicken cause Im serving breasts and legs today. Whoa, hello. That was good. Hi, lovely to meet you. Nice to meet you. Hi, Im Olivia, nice to meet you. Nice to meet you. Interesting outfit. - Oh, thank you, I picked it myself. - Yes. By the way, do you have a little sticky there to make sure it doesnt open up. I sure do. I can get rid of it though if you like. Well, you are sassy. I try to be. Im pretty convinced that Dr. Dubrow likes my outfit, but whether he can help me out or not, I dont know. So, are you Australian? I sure am. What is it, a 15-hour flight from here, right? I think its a little longer than that. 16? I think its 16 coming back, yeah. My favorite Australian word is "no." No? No. Not no. Nar. Nar. No? How do you say it? We say "no." No. No. No? No. No. No? No. No? No. I really cant hear the difference. Okay so we wanna know about the journey. Tell us about how that process started. Yeah, well I think it all started when I was around nine, ten. The Bratz doll show came out, and I just thought that was so cool. That inspired me so much. I wanted more of a doll look, so around 18, 19 I started to feel like how I was feeling wasnt like how every other gay man was feeling. So got on HRT and I was in and out of surgery getting my nose done, getting my face done. And just the more and more I did it, the happier I got. And I havent looked back at all. Interesting. So how many nasal surgeries have you had? I have had six total. I would like more like a doll nose. Closer to the face from the profile. And a tight little tip. Okay, so you project. And with no breathing? Im okay with that. A big issue between a dolls nose and a humans nose is that dolls dont really need to breathe. We do. Dolls are to be used to play with. Not to be used as an inspiration for body modification. How much have you paid so far for all of your surgical procedures? 200,000. I would like to cap it at a million. How much more could you possibly have? Good question. So a few things I want is a trachea shave, a brow bone shave, I would like my jaw shaved, I definitely 100% without a doubt need an implant in my head. So it would be two breast implants on my head. Like-like two boobs. I often have patients that want bigger breasts. But not more of them. I feel like it would definitely help in the dating department to have more boobs. You must attract an interesting variety of men, correct? Yeah, I definitely prefer men with eight figures and ten inches. So obviously you know that theres certain things that we wont do? What are you coming out here to see us both for? I definitely want you to check out my nose. Also, my head, because Im always bumping my hair and it just takes so long and I just dont need that added labor. I think without further ado, we should go to the exam room and have a look and see if we can help you. Okay? Party. Lets go do that. All right. Lets do that. Dont be a pioneer testing the limits of surgery that could kill you. I guess if you say theyre dangerous, then thats probably true cause youre, like, a doctor. I noticed that this isnt exactly an Egyptian. Oh, you brought your own gown. Look at that, came prepared. So looking at your nose, its pretty narrow up here. They sure broke your bones in one of those six surgeries. So now looking just at your tip, I want you to take the Q-tip and tell me exactly what youd want. Maybe, like, just bring this in. Breathe for me. Keeping breathing like that for about a good 30 seconds, tell me how you like it. You wanna do that to your nose? Uh-huh. Now thats damaging or deforming your nose. I dont do that. I usually reverse that. The Bratz dolls nose is pretty much nonexistent. It looks like a little slope, but its so small, it looks like pretty much having no nose. Its just not gonna fit. Its not gonna work. Ive got a question about your scalp. Whats underneath there right now? Its like a little cushion. Can I touch it? Yeah, of course. So thats what you want to put the implants underneath for? Oh, look at that! Boing, boing, boing. Protection. It protects my head against the headboard. Banging of the headboard. Headboard. Boing, boing. Okay, I get that. Okay, thats good. You might lose all that beautiful hair of yours though, if you put an expander in the back of your scalp. This alsos a mistake. Yeah, Im so happy that there are certain procedures that are designed to take you to the next level. The bone shaving, the jawline refinement but dont be a pioneer testing the limits of surgery that could kill you. You buying that? Thats fair. Thats fair, right? I think its a lot to consider. I like your nose. Aww. I think you have a nice nose. There we go. Do we think some of the things we said are dangerous? I guess if you say theyre dangerous, then thats probably true cause youre, like, a doctor. But I dont care what she does... Okay that... ...cause its whatever she wants to do. I hope we dont see you back in this exam chair because youve damaged yourself here. So, pleasure meeting you. Thank you. Take care. You too. I dont think Im gonna take all of Dr. Dubrow and Dr. Nassifs advice, but I am totally obsessed with them. I dont think they were expecting to get so much personality in the office today. I definitely will take a bit more time, looking at my options. Yeah, I mean, I think, you know, youll still definitely go ahead with a few of the things, but at least, youve got more information now. Yeah. Yeah. I cant wait to see what it looks like. I hope its not like... I did put a request in but he didnt listen. Im ready for a new start without insecurity in the back of my head always telling me that Ill never measure up. And I cant wait to get this done with someone who actually knows what theyre talking about. Good morning. Good morning, how are you? How are you? Doing good. So lets talk about a few things. Okay. This is the main point, right here. If I can do that Ill actually do a dance for you and Dubrow at the same time. I am a better dancer than him. Our main goal with Norina is to lower her tip so you dont see inside her nose, and the tough aspect about that, its not adding cartilage. Adding cartilage to her nose is easy. Its is the tip gonna stretch at all. If it doesnt, were in big trouble. The more pressure you put on the skin, the higher the risk goes for the chance of necrosis where the skin dies. For Norinas surgery today, Im gonna start by taking cartilage and skin from her ears while my team harvest rib. Then I will open up her nose, straighten her deviated septum, add a septal extension graft and open up her airway with spreader grafts that I will take from her rib cartilage. After that I will use composite grafts from her ear to lower her nostrils, and hopefully Norina will no longer say that people can see up her nose. So heres a composite graft from the left ear. Skin on this side, cartilage here. You got the rib? Yeah, I got the rib. And how long is that about? Four and a half to five. Thats perfect. When you are doing any reconstruction of the nose, especially when you need sturdy cartilage, we need to take rib to reconstruct the nose and to lengthen it. With all this, we hopefully can do some, some magic. Okay, so that bones pretty mobile. So its this part here thats still crooked, a little bit. Okay, so this was a little unexpected. I did not think wed have to fracture the bones but to get that nose straight, I think we have to. All right, lets go ahead and do a little-- fracture the bone. A little osteotomys next. The dorsum, this part here, was deviated to the right. So the only way to get everything to be recentered is by fracturing the nasal bones, and thats what we need to do for Norina. Called osteotomies. Now the composite grafts are gonna be some of the final touches. So lets make sure that the skin side goes inside the nose. All right, thats a long one. Since you can see inside Norinas nostrils, were gonna first lower the tip, but the nostrils are not gonna play it with us and come along for the ride. So we have to add tissue to lengthen the nostrils. Thats what the ear composite grafts do. Im very, very happy. Finish up? Ill see you out there, thanks. All in all, went very well. Got her nostrils down and got her tip down. And the nose is a lot straighter. - You ready? - Im really ready. Got the scar cream and everything, just in case? I am very curious to see what hes done. I am very excited and a little terrified, but I think I kinda came to peace with whatever method he had to go with. But still nervous. There was this sort of unknown element to all of this, right? Yeah. Because, who has experience fixing complications from "stacked" implants? This is what you had. How did your surgeon keep this up here without it falling down? Kinda brilliant. He took a giant amount of cadaver skin. Okay? Wow. So I knew I was gonna do some tightening of the vertical skin. So, can I do it without scars? That was the big thing, so. I got it! Booyah. Right? Huh? Oh, my gosh. Thank you so much. No vertical incision. Oh, my God. Lets take a look. There we go. Okay. Cool. They really do look normal, already. Dr. Dubrow completely pulled off my surgery, and my boobs are sitting where they should be. I feel amazing already. Im so happy. I really just wanna thank you. Like, oh, my God. He cant really hug you, and I cant either. You can hug me. Youre welcome. I know theyre just boobs, but its a big part of who I am, and for Dr. Dubrow to have helped me with that, it means a lot to me. So... Im just really grateful. Keep healing, well keep an eye on all the incisions and everything. Yes. Well make sure youre good. Thank you so much, thank you. Youre welcome. Thank you. The nose looks really good. Hey, it matches your shirt color, its perfect. Dont make me laugh, my rib hurts. Right now with my nose, I sound like a squeaky toy, every single time I swallow. But I really feel, like, better than I did the first time around. Hey, how are you? Well? Good to see ya. How are you? Im doing much better than I should be. How are you? How are you? So what is really gonna matter to me more than anything, and not what position your nose is, what is the quality of skin? Norinas nose was very complicated, and even though the surgery went well, Im still concerned about her healing. Simply because we had to do so much. Lets look at her composite grafts. You really get the cover here. Okay. Looks good. Skin looks good. Now I just hope to God that you continue to heal as well. The skin looks great, its pink, so definitely feel very excited to move forward and to leave all that pain in the past. Thank you so much. Pleasure. Thank you very much. I wish that I would have realized I didnt need boobs that big. Look at you! Howd ya like my new nose? Its beautiful! With my new boobs, I am happy to report that I do not have any more back pain and shoulder pain and crazy marks when I take off my bra. Looking back on this decision to go forward with double stacked breast implants, I wish I wouldnt have touched them and that I would have realized that I didnt need boobs that big. Hey, babe. Hey babe, you look great, wow. Thank you. Do you like it? You look good. Yep, looks good. Im super excited. Its been forever since we took our last hike. Think you can handle it? So. Yeah. Little less implants in ya? A little less weight which is wonderful. Thinking about having four implants in my chest, it makes me feel really gross. Ill never make a stupid decision like that again. Thank you for sticking by my side and for supporting me. And... And going along with the crazy idea. Yeah, and then suffering the consequences with me. Before my last surgery, I literally had four implants stacked inside my chest. I was extremely regretting that decision, and I wish I never did that. Now since my surgery with Dr. Dubrow, I look a million times better and I can definitely tell that theyre actually where theyre supposed to sit. They look wonderful now. You ready for this walk? Yes. Want me to carry the backpack or you got it? No, I got it. I never would have thought that my boobs had that much impact in my life. Just words do not cut it. Thank you so much. Sorry. Thank you for all the back massages. Me and my family are gonna meet all together in one spot. Theyre gonna see my face for the first time. Nobody has seen anything. Hey guys, whos gonna set the table? Come on, Im hungry. Go away! So are you guys excited? How long have we been waiting for this? Well, she was teased by all of us and Im just happy that she doesnt have to be nervous about it anymore. From the beginning, this journey with my nose has been brutal at times. For my face to be deformed for so long was crushing for me. Its really been since Im nine years old that Ive been dealing with the teasing, and for it to be coming to a positive end is amazing for me. Hey, look at you! Howd ya like my new nose? Its beautiful! Ready? Im so excited. Oh, my God, come on, show us already! One, two, three. Whoa! My family thrives on sarcasm. Theyre not super emotional so to get this kind of reaction out of them, its amazing. Feels fulfilling. I love you, mommy. I love you too. You were brave to go through it. You were really brave to go through it. Thanks for sticking with me. You know, with the rhinoplasty and not telling you, being a parent now, I feel like I owe you the biggest apology of all that I would do that and not tell you. Im just happy that I knew this time. Before my surgery, my nostrils were turned up so high that you could literally see up to my brain, and I was called ski lift nose. I was so self-conscious about it. But now, thanks to Dr. Nassif, my nostrils are lower and the tip doesnt point up anymore. My insecurities are gone and I finally feel like I measure up. I mean, I look amazing. Its all your fault! You guys all made fun of my nose. Ski lift nose. We love you. My new nose should finally keep my family quiet for good. Youre finally looking really Italian. You just need a cigar, youll be all set. No, not gonna happen. Oh, yeah. Turkey? Just in time for Thanksgiving. Holiday season is here. I have Santa to blame for my nose. He hit me and broke my nose. You might still have something in there. - Oh, this is so good. - Oh, my God. Dr. Pimple Popper, eat your heart out. Wow. I would describe my current state of my breasts as a shredded meat fest. Melissas last surgeons favorite holiday is Halloween. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 