Botched: Season 6, Episode 18 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Botched 
 s6e18 - Hopeful Transformations - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Botched (2014–…): Season 6, Episode 18 - Hopeful Transformations - full transcript 
 A Scarlett Johannson look-alike wants the doctors to give her a flawless, twerk-able booty, while Dr. Dubrow helps a mom with creaseless breasts get the reduction she's tried to achieve for... 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 So hot. Yes. People say I look like Scarlett Johansson. I've gained about a million Instagram followers. I got butt implants. I wanted it...big. And I busted my stitches open. So I had a big hole in my butt crack. What? I wanted to get a reduction and a lift. The plastic surgeon's suggestion was that I did an implant 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 with the reduction. You're kidding. Tough case just got a lot tougher. Whoa! I had a wreck. It completely removed my nose. I was in pain. I couldn't do anything for myself. I couldn't take care of my kids. They're lucky to be alive. I really hope that we can help her. My name is Amanda Nicole. I'm famous on Instagram for my butt. But my last butt surgery left my butt looking so bomb that my stitches exploded, and I just want it super full and...perfect. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 People say I look like Scarlett Johansson. She's a lot of guys' celebrity crushes. My fans are very, very upset that they're making a "Black Widow" movie, and I was not cast in it. When I was 5 years old, there are literal VHS tapes of me, like, twerking. That was probably what I was destined to do. I'm famous for it now. I've made a career out of it. And in the last year, I've gained about a million followers. Now I'm one of the top .4% of creator earners on Instagram. What? When I first started my fan site, I was 23. I was just trying to post cuter pictures on social media. I started getting attention from photographers, and I started to get in shape, started to look into plastic surgery. I got my lips filled, and I bought some boobies. And I looked into the BBL. They sucked 11 pounds out of me, and then they just put it in my butt. After my following grew to a certain point, I started working out a lot. So when I started to lose weight, I was starting to lose my booty that made me famous. And I was like, I need something permanent. So I went ahead and got butt implants. My surgery went great, felt really comfortable. I felt like everything was okay. Like a week after the surgery, I busted my stitches open. So I had a big hole in my butt crack. When I finally healed, there's, like, a really dark scar in my--in my butt crack. And once the swelling went down, I was kinda, like, a little disappointed. It's just...not as big as I would want. I wanted it big, big. So you're not doing anything after work, Mom? No, girl, you know I don't ever go anywhere. I know. You need to. You need to have some fun. You know that's not easy for me. My name is Hope, and a motorcycle accident may have broken my face, but I'm survivor. I was born in Alabama. From 16 on, I got married, had two beautiful daughters. I got divorced. I've been a single mom most of the time. You know what happened the last time I was at the nail salon? That crazy lady looked me right in my face, asked me what happened to my face to make me look like this. So there I am, 33 years old, decided to learn how to ride a motorcycle. Rode around quite a bit, actually, for a couple of months. And then everything changed in the blink of an eye. The next thing I remember is I woke up about four days later laying in a hospital bed, unsure of what happened. I came to find out that I indeed had a wreck. It completely removed my nose. My left eye socket was completely exploded. It took 13 1/2 hours in surgery putting me back together. About a week and a half after, I looked in the mirror for the first time, and I just cried, 'cause it wasn't me looking back at me. I was hurting. I was in pain. I was dysfunctional. I couldn't do anything for myself. I couldn't take care of my kids. And that's pretty upsetting for me. So your appointment with Dr. Nassif and Dr. Dubrow is coming up. I know it is. I know it's never gonna be the same. I'm not naive to think that, but I would just like the dynamic on both sides to be the same. It's been a very long, hard road socially, just because people stare. I went from being the life of the party to being a recluse trapped in my own home. I mean, I was never the prettiest girl in the room, but I wasn't ugly. I'm just kinda hoping that they say yes and not-- Then we can go out. - Heck, yeah. We're going out. - Go out and party. You guys have to wait till I'm 21, though. - I don't know about partying. - I don't know about waiting. Oh, no. Whew, Lord. The world better watch out. I'm coming back. How'd you like my photo? I thought it was interesting. You did a full Instagram Kardashian model pose. I thought, oh, my gosh. The end of the world is obviously here. Take a look at this. Whoa! Wait a minute. I don't even understand-- I can't even wrap my brain around it. - Here's the tongue. - Yeah. That kinda gets you a little nauseated, doesn't it? That's the maxillary dentition. That's your whole upper teeth. - That's the upper jaw? - Upper jaw. - Here? Hello! - I think it's off. It's gone. Oh, you know what it is? This. I think it's literally just a pivot, yeah. I don't think there's even any tissue holding it together. They're lucky to be alive. If we can make her life a little bit better to kinda erase some of these memories to do something to make it look better, let's do it. - Poor girl. - Can you please send in Hope? Hope Carter. - Hi! - Dr. Nassif. - Nice to meet-- - Nice to meet you. - Nice to meet you, too. - Hi, Hope. Terry Dubrow. - Hey. - How are you? - I'm good. Nice to meet you. - Nice to meet you. I mean, it's not very common that Dr. Dubrow and I see patients that have had this severe of a wreck. I really hope that we can help her. First of all, we're glad that you're with us, alive. - Me, too. - Ohh. Have you seen the graphic photos of your mom's face following the trauma? - Yes. You guys saw it in person or just on the photos? - I saw it in person. - You did? - Yeah. - What do you mean? Um, I was actually with her in the wreck, so... - Just not on the same bike. - Yeah. So you saw this? How old were you? - 10. - You were 10? How old were you? - 14. - So what exactly happened? Was that all gravel trauma? My leg was trapped, so my upper body came over, and I face-planted, the eye being behind the guardrail. Oh, God. Actually, she wrecked in front of a paramedic's house, and he heard a little girl scream. - That was you. - Obviously, yeah. And so he came running over, and he had her already before, like, ambulance even got there, like-- - Oh, yeah. - So he saved your life. - Yeah. Hope is very lucky that a paramedic was there. Ironically, the unluckiest day in her life was also, weirdly, one of the luckiest. How many surgeries to reconstruct your face? I've had seven. - What'd you do about food? - I had a feeding tube. How long did you have that feeding tube in? For a year? For a year, yeah. Let me ask you a question. When you look in the mirror, and you say, "This one or two things bothers me the most," that you wish you could just make go away? - My eye. - What about your eye? I don't have two of the same eye. You have a little unevenness between the eyes? Yes. Yeah. And then, um, they did do a nose surgery. Just the scar tissue on the right side. It's just really a lot of scar tissue in there. Like, if I had to rely on it to breathe, I'd suffocate and-- So you have right nasal airway obstruction. Yeah. Could you just tell me a little bit about this emotional journey? Because your mom, who you love more than anything in the world, has a major injury, could have died. She comes home, and what was that like? - I really just don't remember. - You don't remember what? The details of, like, what I did, on a daily basis. - Took care of her. Did you know that? Is this the first time that you're hearing that she's blocking out this whole traumatic incident? How do you feel about that? Not good. I mean... I feel like what happened to me is nothing compared to what happened to them emotionally. I feel like they're always gonna carry that. I've basically disrupted their whole lives, you know? I... We'll definitely work on it. We'll fix it. We've been through a lot. It's been hard, but it's more important for me that my mom doesn't see herself as a monster anymore. My mom is my hero. So there's a plate here. That's what's keeping your lower eyelid from lifting up. Yeah. It's because everything is stuck right here. You could actually feel the trauma left behind in Hope's face. This is one of those things that is considered, generally speaking, not fixable. All right, I wanna feel all around here. So there's a plate here. That's what's keeping your lower eyelid from lifting up. - Yeah. - That's because everything is stuck right here. This does not feel like normal tissue. You could actually feel the trauma left behind in Hope's face. Nose time. Oh, boy. Good luck now. Head--Head back for me. All right. Let's take a peek. So the opening inside your nose is extremely narrow. Hope has a lot of trauma inside of her nose. It's completely obstructed with all this crusting. I have to figure out what can we do to open up her airway and clean out her nose. All right, let's start with your eye. To get all this reconstructed, first we have to remove that tissue... - Mm-hmm. - ...and kind of move new tissue over. - See that scar right there? - Mm-hmm. I'd like to make that scar look better. I'd even like to try to address this and somehow to elevate your left upper lip. The left side of Hope's face is droopy. So what I'm thinking that after surgery, I can add some filler to Hope's cheek and lip to make it more symmetric. Now let's talk about your nose. You know, the back of your nose... - Mm-hmm. - There's a bunch of crust. The best part, and that's why they call us booger pickers-- ear, nose, and throat doctors-- is when we go back there and we open something up, and we see mucus or boogers, we enjoy debriding it. - It kinda makes us feel good. - Yeah. - Just, you know... - Just for clarification, we're both plastic surgeons. I am... I am not a booger picker. He's a booger picker. That's his subspecialty. I'm proud to be a booger picker. If we look in the nose and we see a big booger back there which is dried mucus, and we just grab it and pull it out, love doing that. It is so rewarding. So what do you think of all this? I think it'll make everything look better, and I'll feel a little more confident about it. Well, we look forward to seeing you. I look forward to seeing you, too. Unbelievable pleasure meeting you. Thank you so much. I'm just excited to... just to be able to look at myself again and...not hate what I'm looking at. Oh, God. I love you. I love you. Definitely. Yeah, not gonna work. My name is Meredith, and I'm in a constant tug-of-war with my breasts. My nipples are way too high, and my breasts are dropped way too low. I'm constantly pulling 'em up, and they fall back down. Dr. Dubrow and Dr. Nassif-- like, how do you feel about these doctors? If there is any way I could get this fixed, I'd like to work out and get myself back in the best shape of my life by 50. It's been over 20 years, and I've had six surgeries, just trying to achieve a normal breast reduction. And I'm actually worse off than when I started. Honestly, I feel so disappointed in myself that I allow, like, this to affect my motivation to work out. But inside, I don't feel... motivational here. Well... You're beautiful to me. Can you please send in Meredith? - Meredith. - Hi. We need to hear your history in some significant detail. What happened that resulted in this? - Okay. - All right, so take us back to the beginning. - I've always had large breasts, especially after becoming pregnant, like, probably, double, triple F. Okay. I wanted to get a reduction and a lift, but I wanted to have cleavage or have fullness, and so the plastic surgeon's suggestion was that I did an implant with the reduction to get that full projected look. - You're kidding. So you had F-sized breasts... ...that needed a major reduction with a lift, and the plastic surgeon wanted to do that with implants. There's so much breast tissue that you can move up to the upper pole. Why would you ever need to add volume? Meredith's surgeon did something that pisses me off that I hear that plastic surgeons do occasionally. They take a girl who already has very large breasts, and they "sell her breast implants." It's retail medicine at its worst. It ended up looking like I had four different breasts because all the tissue felt separated, and this was-- - You had a high implant. - I literally had four different... - Yeah. - ...looking breasts. - You went back to this guy and said, "What the heck?" Right? Right. And so he convinced me that he could fix this. - Okay, so what did he do? - So the second time around, it was just as bad if not worse. - Okay. - And he referred me to a colleague... - Mm. - ...to have him fix it. - He punted you. Okay. And it looked good, but the breast tissue grew back and I kind of started getting larger and larger and larger with these implants. It can either grow back because you gained some weight or sometimes breast tissue weirdly can grow back. - So what happened next? - Um, I actually went in for an ultrasound for something else, and they saw that I had an leak in the implant. So you have a rapture. You gotta do something about it. You go to see a plastic surgeon. Yes? - Yes. - What happened? Just-- He said to take the implants out and then he would do a reduction, like, three months later. Okay, so that's conservative, safe. That's a good doctor. But they didn't look reduced, and I did notice that the nipples were, like, too high. - Too high. - And now I have no breast fold. So basically what started happening is that tissue--it started just drooping down into my body. - Right. - And literally, the weight of it, I feel it tearing away from, like, my ribs. - That's exactly what it is. And just sinking further and further down into my body. - Yeah. - He said it's not gonna go back to normal. - Right. - That's--It's bottoming out. - Well-- And I don't have implants. That's what they called it? Bottoming out? Yeah, and-- Even though you had no implant to bottom out. - Correct, yeah. - Okay. I know. I look like a freak of nature here. So, um... How do you feel or what do you see that she's going through besides what she just told us? For me, like, the fact that I just sat here and listened to my mom call herself a freak of nature, like, makes me wanna cry. - What are your goals? - Having 'em reduced. - Okay. Have 'em look somewhat normal. Unfortunately, the main thing that I see that's problematic, those wedges down there, that bottoming-out appearance, that's breast tissue that's lost its architecture. This is one of those things that is considered, generally speaking, not fixable. Gotta get the good angles. Yes, girl, yes, girl. Yes. Hot girls with food is, like, just super sexy. So we're cutting out the little plates that were used to reconstruct Hope's lower eyelid. Wait, wait, wait. I just saw a little piece of metal. Okay, so the first thing I notice looking at your breast is that the areolas are very high. The second thing is that your breasts are very large. Very, very large. We certainly could potentially reduce the size of the breasts, but you know, your breast situation is all about this. Recreating the inframammary crease, which is exactly what Meredith lacks, is one of the hardest concepts in reconstructive breast surgery. Can I do it? I've got some thoughts. This is tissue that has lost its internal architecture, its connective tissue matrix, we call it. And that's from the surgery? That's from the multiple surgeries, and the last one just changed the distribution of the fibers inside the fat that give the lower part of your breast its shape. But I may be able to take this skin off, and from your old implants, there's a pocket in there, with an old capsule that's got good scar tissue. I can hang my structure from that. And if I can do it tight, I'm golden. What do you think? I have some faith in you guys, and I trust what you're saying. So I'm hopeful. I desperately want to feel like myself again. Any improvement would be amazing compared to where I'm at right now. All right. Pleasure meeting you. - Pleasure meeting you. - Pleasure meeting you. It is not the first time I've done a weird thing for... You love doing food-inspired stuff, I swear. I know. My whole Instagram is, like, food and boobs. Basically, I wanna look like a snack all the time. And I also think just, like, hot girls with food is, like, just super sexy. Make sure you guys cover my scar, okay? - All right, we've got you. - We will. How long you said it took to heal? - Two months. - Two months? Yeah, two months is a lot, especially when my, like, my moneymaker is my butt. I think I wanna talk to the doctors about maybe getting, like, injections just so it, like, fills out more. - I think you're just-- - I don't think that you can go any bigger. - Yeah. Your butt is already huge. Amanda's definitely known for her crazy Instagram videos. I remember she was saying-- she's like, "The bigger my butt is, the more money I'm gonna make," and that's definitely what's important to her. Got to get the good angles. - Ooh. - Oh, it's so cute. Look at it banging on me. Amazing. Yes! Oh, yes, girl, yes, girl. Yes. Whoo. So good. Amazing. What you do for the fans. - Every guy's dream. - I drank so much milk. So, Meredith, as we've discussed, the main feature of your surgery is absence of structure of the lower part of your breast. Now your surgeons in the past didn't do me any big favors, 'cause they put your areolas so high on your breast mound. But if I can get this, we're golden. Sounds easy, right? For Meredith's surgery, I'll start by making incisions underneath her breasts, find her old implant pocket, and then use the scar tissue inside to attach to her disconnected breast tissue, creating the inframammary crease. I will then remove breast tissu and excess skin and tighten the breast envelope in order to get the areola in the center and to give her the breast reduction she's been wanting her entire life. So this is where I wanna hike this breast up to, right here. We have to go from the outside straight down in the old breast implant pocket, which will give you more visualization. Aha, the old pocket. Found it. You know, there isn't that much of a scar of that wall. Not sure this is gonna work. The capsule's not that thick. Tough case just got a lot tougher. I need to attach Meredith's lower breast tissue to her chest wall, but she doesn't have any good scar tissue to attach it to, so even if I put the stitches in and hang the breast tissue from the chest wall, it all may fall apart post-operatively. We need to sew it to something that will take stitches. Okay. Plan "B," I'm gonna try to sew it to the ribs. If I can find a way to connect her lax soft tissue to the firm connective tissue overlying her rib cage, I may, in fact, be able to reconstruct the inframammary crease. I have no idea if this is gonna work. If this doesn't work, there is no plan "C." Go. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. So this is starting to give us a suggestion that there's a crease right here. Boy, she's got so much breast tissue. I can't imagine ever putting a breast implant in her. How much breast tissue did we take out so far? - 458. - 458. Okay. Very significant breast reduction. Okay, we're starting to get a shape. That's kind of dramatic, isn't it? Very. How are we gonna make that left breast look like this? Meredith's situation is particularly challenging because there's a very significant asymmetry due to the loss of underlying tissue support. Even if each breast by themselves looks okay, if they don't look similar, the result's not gonna be acceptable. Okay, push up. Let's see if we can do a similar thing and sew it to the ribs. There you go. Okay, this seems to be working so far. The inframammary creases are done. Reduction is done. Her nipples are in the center, so let's see how symmetrical they are or not. - Holy sh--. It's too good. - Wow. Let's close this. Ew! That's gotta be a lot of fungus. I mean, this is a whole new level than booger picking. This is booger mining. Ugh! Seriously? You started up with that stuff? Had lots of sex today. Five...times a day. Five times a day? - Good morning. - Good morning. We are actually at that day we're doing this. I know. - You know Dr. Peng. - I do. - Hi. - And then you know this guy. How are you? Good to see you. The eye super, super superstar. Dr. Guy Massry is a fantastic reconstructive oculoplastic surgeon, and he's part of our excellent team of surgeons to help fix Hope. The biggest thing that bothers you-- number one, this whole area around the eye. Yeah. Two was your nasal obstruction. So we're gonna use the endoscope to look and say, okay, is it a deviated septum? Do you have a little bit of valve stenosis where I have to actually open up your nose and make it bigger? I'm not sure yet. We have a gigantic team today for Hope. We got six surgeons today. Because of all the trauma she had, we don't know, really, how the anatomy is. Right. So we play it by ear when we're there. Today for Hope's surgery, Dr. Massry and I will start by removing the metal plate and screws in Hope's left cheek and lower eyelid area while the team harvests fat from the lower abdomen. Then Dr. Massry will use the dermal fat graft to elevate the lower eyelid while my team and I perform scar revisions on Hope's trachea and the lower right side of her mouth. Next we'll move on to the nose and use a debrider to clean up and debulk tissue, giving her a bigger airway. So we're cutting out the little plates that don't need to be here anymore because they've already done its job of securing the little bone drafts that were used to reconstruct Hope's lower eyelid area. Wait, wait, wait. I just saw a little piece of metal. I got it in here. Now what do you wanna do about this? What I'm gonna do is release her canthus, lift this up, get her lid higher. See how big the defect is? And then we're going to advance this as far as we can like this, Paul. So it'll expose more of the lower lid and the bone. Dr. Massry's gonna do a canthoplasty. A canthoplasty is when you actually separate the lateral aspect of the upper and lower eyelid. And with doing that, you can release the position of this, and with Hope's case, we wanna elevate it because it's pulled down. This is the dermis fat graft. We're going to cut it to size, and then eventually use it to cover the defect in the face. Now we're starting also the revision of the scar on the corner of the right mouth. I mean, you've heard of the saying "It takes a village." Well, in Hope's case, it's taking the whole damn city. I got Massry here on my left, Dr. Peng on my right working on the cheek scar, and I'm working on the neck. I mean, if you look at what Hope went through, she deserves it. Dr. Massry now has put the lower eyelid in excellent position, and now we're trying to stitch everything together. To add to this already humongous team is Dr. John Frederick. He's a sinus specialist. So he's gonna bring in the endoscope, and we're gonna see what we can do to fix the inside of Hope's nose, and hopefully with us going in there and cleaning everything out, she'll be able to breathe. What Dr. Frederickson will do right now is use the debrider to start opening up that back area. The debrider's gonna eat away at that tissue. This is the ultimate booger picking. Ew. It's gotta be a lot of fungus. Ew. I mean, this is a whole new level than booger picking. This is booger mining. Ugh! So we're gonna go straight through this, open this entire airway up. And that's all you probably need. That's probably all we'll need to do. Overall, Hope is going to have an improvement, but she's not gonna look like what she looked like prior to the accident. I hope that she's happy with the improvement, especially after a couple of months when I'm able to put in some filler in her cheek and her lip to make her face look more symmetric. All right, thank you all. - Hello. - Hello. - How are you? - Good. In pain? - Yeah. - Yeah? I bet. I had surgery yesterday, and today I already feel so much lighter, like this big weight's been taken off of me. I could already tell from my boobs, instead of being down here are up here. So I started the case by making an incision and go right through your old breast horizontal crease and finding the old pocket, but there really wasn't much scar tissue. Yeah. But then in your case, I basically hunyocked it to the back wall of your ribs. Hunyocking is basically where you surgically take this piece of tissue, and you need it to go here, and you just lift it up and put a bunch of stitches in it very carefully, hunyocking it up to where you want it to go with very robust stitches in two layers. That's why I'm surprised you're not in more pain. I can feel the ribs. Yeah, then I still had to do the breast reduction, and so let's see what it looks like, because that was a lot of trauma to expose your breast tissue to. Hunyock or not, if it works, I don't care what you call it. It feels so much better to--to be smaller. I mean, look at that. You got plenty nipple from this. I mean, you got beautiful creases. Look at this. Look at these creases. Amazing. Remember how high your nipples are? - Yeah. - Look at that. It's right in the center of the mound. They're not high at all. - What do you think? - It's crazy. I definitely am excited to see my mom's personality come back. You can just see, like, pure joy kind of coming out of her, like, wow, this is really happening, and we finally fixed it. Once this heals up, you're gonna have normal, cute, symmetrical breasts with normal creases. What I've always wanted my whole life. Yeah, and no implants. Yeah! Give us a hug. Come on. Breathe. When was the last time you had that? About nine years ago. My head feels good. You have a freshly closed, healing wound. If you eff with it, it's gonna eff with you. Let me ask you a question. You know when they talk about hall pass? - Yes. - So you know who my celebrity hall pass has always been? - Scarlett Johansson. - Johansson. Why? Are we seeing Scarlett Johansson? Scarlett Johansson--Okay. So no. We're not seeing Scarlett Johansson, but we're seeing someone who is told they look like Scarlett Johansson. - Really? - Yes. - Okay, let's see. - That's Scarlett Johansson. - No. That's who we're seeing. - Wow. Actually, she-- Pretty unbelievable, huh? - Damn. - I know. Her problem right now is with her buttock area. So-- So she has implants? Yeah, I think something has gone on recently, because she still has a healing wound. - Scarlett? - Scarlett. - No. - Amanda. Amanda. Can you please send in Amanda? Hi. - Well, you're right, huh? - Right? Hi. Nice to meet you. My name's Amanda. - Amanda, I'm Dr. Nassif. - She actually does. - Yes, you do. - Hi. I'm Terry Dubrow. Nice to meet you. My body is so much of my, like, career. I'm this sexy bombshell, so if I can't portray that character, I would have to get a normal job. Also, I...I just like being hot. So I've got to tell you, you know, I'm a big fan of Scarlett Johansson. Always have been, right? So you haven't had surgical procedures to look like Scarlett. - No. You just happen to look like her, right? No, I just happen to look like her. So you guys are buddies? Yeah, best friends. - Where do you live? - I live in North Hollywood. - She lives in Vegas. - Okay, so-- - I live in Vegas. - What do you do there? I make most of my money off, like, social media... - Okay. - ...and my Instagram. Okay. Obviously, you've had a number of surgical procedures to enhance your ability to make a living on Instagram and as a model and so on, correct? Yes. So I got a breast augmentation, and then I went and I saw a doctor about getting a BBL, and it lasted about a year, and then my booty started to shrink, so I started to look into implants. I got it done three months ago, and I had a boyfriend at the time, so... - Uh-oh. - There was some hot stuff... So what--seriously? You started up with that stuff? Within what? What period of time? A week. - A week? - A week. - Couple of days. - Couple days? Yeah. You're kidding me. How many times did you and your boyfriend have intimate activities in that period of time? Before the surgery, it was, like, five times a day, but, like-- - Five times a day? But after the surgery, I slowed down. I was only doing it, like, once or twice. People are like, "You're so sweet and nice and happy all the time." I'm like, "Yeah. Had lots of sex today." Wow. So you're, like, a terrible patient. Yeah. Following any type of surgery, we always wanna have the patients limit their activities, especially butt surgery. Mellowing out in regards to sex for the first few weeks, yeah, we tell everybody. A week later, I go in, and the doctor looks at it, and he goes, "Oh, my God." He's like, "You ripped your stitches." - Oh, boy. - And he's like, "Your incision is, like, fully, like, exposed, like, open, super deep." - And you didn't know? - I didn't know. - The wound was open, but the implant wasn't exposed? - Yeah. So my implants were safe. He said they were secured in the muscle. It's just making sure that I don't get the crack area infected, which could then.. - Spread to the implants. - Spread to everything. Or the opening could continue to the deeper layers. - Yeah. - And your implants could get exposed... - Yeah. - ...which would be game over. - Yeah. So we start addressing changes, yes? Yeah. So it eventually, um, closes. Like, and it just closed, like, two weeks ago or so. - Two weeks ago? - Mm-hmm. So the wound was open for... almost two and a half months. My scar is pretty dark from it, and I just wanna make sure that it's okay. - Yeah. - And I kinda want it, just, like, bigger and, like, perfectly full. - So... - Of course. I was thinking, like, if there was a way to put, like, injections on top of it or something like that. - Okay. 'Cause I don't wanna cut anything open again. But what do you think about all this? What do you think of your friend here? Um, you know, she works hard for, like, what she wants, so if she wants bigger, I think... - She trusts my judgment. - I do. I trust her judgment. - She looks amazing. - You trust her judgment? This is someone who had sex 20 times the first 15 days after surgery. Is that the judgment you think is trustworthy? Uh... No, not that judgment. Other things, other things. So I know Dr. Nassif and Dr. Dubrow do not really see me as the best patient. But if they would see me and help me out... I would be a good girl, I promise. So you could see you have good symmetry with your buttock. All right, we're just gonna take a look at this incision. Okay. So it's actually... healing quite well. - Pretty good. Okay. And that's small. That's very small. You--You got very lucky. I mean, you have a little bit of darkening and a little bit of redness. The redness is not infection redness. It's just healing redness. I'm actually really surprised that Amanda's incision has healed so well, considering how long it took to get it to heal. Normally, when a wound takes that long to heal, you have a very wide and potentially very thick and painful scar, so she's really actually very lucky. So your scar--it's a little red, which that will calm down, and you have a little bit of brown. Another month or so, you can always get a little bleaching cream or something later on for that. That's, like, not a big deal. - Okay. - Yeah. Let's talk about your goal to maybe go a little bit bigger. Okay, it is possible using noninvasive techniques like injections that you could put, for example, Sculptra and get a relatively low risk enlargement. But why don't you wait a year? You just had a major buttock complication that by the skin of your teeth worked out for you. But you have a very early active healing process going on internally. If you eff with it, it's gonna eff with you. I'm really terrified. Because it's closed, I thought it was all--all good, and now I'm super scared. No doggy style. Gonna have to tone down the twerking probably. Okay. I'm gonna give my butt a break. - You give your butt a break. - Yeah. - Wow. - Perfect. Just pictures. Just pictures for the Gram. That's it. I'm thinking that I'm gonna go on a lot of beach vacations and lay on my tummy and just tan the butt. Sleep, girl, sleep. No more work for you. - I'll be taking these. - So happy I met you. - Nice to meet you. - Natural is better. Thank you. That's what I've heard. Wow. Pleasure. Pleasure. Nice meeting you. Hear that, baby? Natural is better. I know. Hope still has a lot of healing to do. We're doing baby steps to get Hope back to her old self. Oh, wow, that's crazy different. I no longer feel like a freak of nature. I feel great, sexy, and I've lost 20 pounds. You look awesome, Mom. - Hello. - How are you? Feel really good. - I know. - So I haven't seen you for quite a while. You're looking amazing. Couple of months. So it's been a couple months since I last saw Hope. You're breathing. When was the last time you had that? About nine years ago. - Yeah. - It's huge. Nine long years to just, like... The head feels good. She's been doing great. She can breathe a lot better, and her eye is healing nicely. Now all we need to do just to finish things off, we're gonna put some filler in her lips and her cheek. She had that tracheal adhesion. - Yes. - So I redid that. And then we redid this scar here. - Very good. - And then, she had thin skin, and you can feel the plate underneath. - Right. - This lower part of the eye, and she had entropion. So we opened up that area, took out the actual plates there, and then extended this incision and advanced it. - Amazing. - And, um, we scoped her nose. I had Dr. Frederick help me with this. Now what is she here today for? Laura, my incredible injector, is going to see about doing a little lift through the left side of the lip. And then we wanna give her cheek a little bit of pop with some Voluma filler. - Okay. Hope still has a lot of healing to do. We're doing baby steps to get Hope back to her old self. Now we can't change the past. But hopefully, Hope and her daughters can start to heal now and move on from that traumatic accident. Oh, wow, that's crazy different. - Cheek's big. - The cheek is huge, yeah. - I think you look great. - Thank you. - So we will see you soon. - Yes, sir. - You hang in there. - Thank you. When I set out 20 years ago to have a breast reduction, I never thought I would end up going through all that I had gone through with having, you know, the implants or no implants and losing my breast shape altogether. And looking at my breasts now, like, I'm amazed. I no longer feel like a freak of nature. I feel great, sexy, and I've lost 20 pounds. How's it going, Mama? I think you guys are really gonna like this one. - Ooh. - Wanna see it. Ooh. - How cute. - I think it's safe to say you finally got the reduction you were looking for. After 20 years. I love how that fits you. You look so good. My mom is super hot. For the first time, you can see that she feels like she looks great. It's not just us trying to convince her. And that makes me that happy that she feels that way. Wow. Yeah, I like that a lot. You look awesome, Mom. Ooh! - Look at this waist. - You can see it now! The boobs aren't covering it. Oh, I love that so much. That looks so good. So cute. I'm actually excited to try on clothes now. Before, it was just such a dreadful experience because I could shop and try on 30 things, and nothing would fit me, and now it's like everything looks cute. I feel like a big weight's been taken off of me. About three bra sizes. Before my surgery, I was in a constant tug-of-war with my breasts. My nipples were way too high, and my breasts were way too low. I had extremely large breasts and no crease at the bottom. I felt hopeless, and I had zero motivation to go work out. But thanks to Dr. Dubrow, my nipples are in the right place, my breasts are perky, and I finally have the reduction I have always wanted with an actual breast crease. I never thought I would see the day, but my large breasts are finally gone. - Here you go. Thank you. - Thank you so much. - Have a great, ladies. - You, too. You, too. - Pizza café? - Yum. That's our favorite kind of place right there--pizza. All the time. Coming up on almost 10 years since my motorcycle accident, the way I feel today versus the way I felt then has definitely changed drastically since my surgery with Dr. Nassif. I never would've went out in public. Now I feel a lot better about myself. I feel a lot better about becoming a part of population again, actually. Nice to see you with a little confidence back. Right? You see that glow in her now. The eye definitely looks good. It does, yeah. The eye definitely looks amazing. I think all in all, um, the big stuff is done. It's just the little, tiny... - Little tweaks. - Yeah, tweaks. The main surgery is done. Oh, yeah. Before my surgery, my face was destroyed by a motorcycle accident. I had a disfigured left eye and mouth. I also couldn't breathe due to my right nostril being closed off from all the scar tissue. I hated what I saw in the mirror, and I hated what it did to me and my family. But now thanks to Dr. Nassif, I can breathe. My eyes are more symmetrical, and I can finally look in the mirror and not hate what's looking back at me. I'm excited about life for the first time in a very long, long time. Now we can just enjoy each other without, you know, having to hide in the house or stopping life. Get a coffee. When was the last time we got a coffee together? - I don't remember. - Never. We'd normally go get it and then bring it back home. Right? - I'm pretty excited about that. - Good. It's good to see you happy about it. - Yeah. - Yeah. Finally. Finally. So if you can modify your body, why not? I'm on a quest for a bigger chest. You gotta gain some weight. I'm even worried about you undergoing anesthesia. Okay. I watched my nose die. So I'm finessing the composograph. I don't like that. I just don't like it. I felt automatically something's wrong with me. - They didn't change it. - They didn't change her implants. - Wow. All they did was kill her tissue. You needed that scan. If you'd like to be considered for "Botched," OpenSubtitles recommends using Nord VPN from 3.49 USD/month ----> osdb.link/vpn 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 