Botched: Season 6, Episode 4 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Botched 
 s6e4 - Big Booty Problems - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Botched (2014–…): Season 6, Episode 4 - Big Booty Problems - full transcript 
 Dr. Dubrow lifts a woman's spirit and her breasts while a viral sensation is desperate for help with her "big booty problems." 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 My butt went viral. Thank you for seeing me. You basically amputate the entire-- Amputate the whole booty? The whole booty. My boobs look like cow udders. Id pop the implants and suck the fluid out. Its unconventional and weird. Its so me. I remember waking up in the middle of the surgery and him doing this at me. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 He was actually sewing me up. Oh, oh my, God. Oh! I thought I was coming here to do nose surgery, not to be on an episode of Dr. Pimple Popper. My name is Courtney. I am known as Ms. Miami and I have big booty problems. I went through six rounds of illegal butt injections leaving me with 60 inches of booty. And my butt does sag and has some discoloration and I dont like that. I am definitely someone social media loves to hate. Someone recorded me while I was out having a good time and my butt went viral. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 I really think people love me, but they dont know how to say it. When I was in college, I got a job dancing at a club. The first night that I was a dancer, after really not making no money on the stage, there was a dancer that walked up to me and she told me that I needed some more booty if I wanted to make some money. Thats when I found out about the injections that gave me my big booty problems. So, I made the appointment, she showed up at my hotel room. She told me she worked for a cosmetic surgeon and thats how she was able to get her hands on what she needed. I asked the injector why was she doing it outside of the office and thats when she told me that the procedure is illegal. And its foolish, definitely, it is foolish, but all I wanted was a big booty. So, after a year or so, and my third round of shots, you know, I did see an improvement in my butt, but I wanted more. And my fourth round is when all the problems started. This time I showed up at her house to receive my injections. And after leaving her house, my butt injections began to leak out of my butt. We got pulled over. The police officer saw the butt injections, like, leaking and he was asking me, like, "What is that leaking from your butt?" I was like so embarrassed. But after the injections leaked out my butt just like had so many dimples and I called the lady who injected me immediately. So she told me that probably could be fixed with a few more shots. That is how round number five got started. That round of injections, it seemed like it only made my butt bigger. She did not fill in the holes. Then, number six happened. It made it a bit worse. It was nothing I could do to fix my butt. After six rounds of butt injections, I believe I spent about seven or eight thousand dollars to get me right here with these big booty problems. I had to accept the fact that I had to walk around with this jumbo booty and I have to just make it look good at the same time. That is when I decided to take social media serious for myself. I was able to write my book to share my experiences. The world wants to know about this booty. Its like my life is your entertainment. But with big booty problems, the struggle is real. And Im hoping that Dr. Nassif and Dr. Dubrow could help me get rid of the excess baggage and agree to remove these butt injections so I could live with a more normal booty. I did not want these problems. I just wanted a big, nice booty. Cute. My names Michelle and my boobs look like cow udders. My boobs hang to my belly button. My right boob is saggy and my left boob is droopy. And my boobs are dragging me down, literally, like, they pull at me. Im from a very small town. I grew up in Oregon. My 21st birthday, I moved to California and start a new life. Thats when I met my husband. When I got pregnant with Corrine, I went from 120 pounds to 220 pounds. And then I found out I was pregnant with my second child, Kara. After I gave birth to Kara, my boobs were just so saggy. I wasnt used to my body looking like that and so I wanted to look into breast implants. I had seen three doctor and one of the doctors, he was like, "Yeah, sure, Ill put some implants in you." A large C, small D would probably be okay on my body structure, is what I was thinking. And I thought we were on the same page but I woke up and I have these ginormous boobs. Those are some big tatas. I didnt ask for this, so... It was just like I got really depressed. I just started gaining weight, so I just decided that I would get gastric bypass. And my surgery day, 2015, go in and get it done and went home. And then I wasnt feeling so good and so we ran to the hospital. I come to find out I was leaking fluid inside my intestines from that gastric bypass surgery. They rushed me into emergency surgery. I was in the hospital for four months. I almost died. That was really hard on our family. With having my gastric bypass, I lost 100 pounds. And now my breasts, theres nothing to them but the loose skin. Isnt that cute? Very cute. My boobies would not fit in that. I dont think they would fit in them. Its been 10 years Michelles had to deal with this. I hate to see her unhappy because of these things that the doctor did before, you know, its terrible. Now, you see how good they look? But I know as soon as I take the strap off, its just-- its temporary. Brian and I, we are not intimate without me wearing a bra. I want to be able to put on a lingerie outfit and be able to have sex with him without wearing a bra. Youre my ride or die. Youre my ride or die. Thats why I love you so much. I love you, too. Come here and take a look. Ready? Why do you have your shirt off when youre doing this? Because I just finished working out at the house. Wow. I mean, are you kidding me? Wow, did you let yourself go. This is called girlfriend body. Huh? Oh, my God. You went from single guy to this in about two months. Skill level three, style level two, but the boobs are a 10. Let me show you something. This patients name is Michelle. And she has extraordinarily large breast implants. Very thin breast tissue. Look at that. The thing that always bothers me about this, theres almost always a mistake the plastic surgeon made. Even me, who doesnt do breast surgery, could probably do a better job than that. Do me a favor, call Michelle. Lots of questions I wanna ask her. Can you please send in Michelle? Michelle. Hi. How are you? Hi, Dr. Nassif. Hi, nice to meet you. Nice to meet you. Hi, Michelle, Terry Dubrow. Nice to meet you. Pleasure to meet you. Im nervous meeting Dr. Dubrow and Dr. Nassif because I know that all my surgeries in the past have all gone wrong. But Im just so ready to be done with this boob problem. I wanna get right to it. You only had one surgical procedure on your chest, yes? Exactly. Only one. Okay, so tell us about that. Um, it was 2008 I decided I wanted to do the mommy makeover. And what did the plastic surgeon recommend? Um, to put implants in and do a major lift is what he said. So, what did you tell him about size you wanted? Cause I noticed you have pretty large breasts implants. Yeah, I didnt want them that big. I wanted a small D, large C. What size implants do you have in? 750, I think. Yeah, I mean, thats almost the max. They put in much larger implants than you expected. Yes, and I was completely unhappy. Started gaining weight and got really depressed. How much weight did you gain? 120 pounds. Howd you lose the weight? I had gastric sleeve done and thats another surgery I had done that went bad. I went septic. Oh. I almost died. I thought I was going to lose her as well. So you had a leak into your abdominal cavity of intestinal contents. Yes. That makes you very sick. But Im all healed now. Has this had an impact on your intimate activities? Weve reconnected, actually, a lot on the past few years and I dont know if youve heard of the "sex for 365 days," and actually we did that-- 365 days sex challenge? Yes, every day. Yes. Yes, and we did that and it actually... It was the most amazing thing. The most beautiful thing weve ever done. Wait, whoa. You guys had sex for 365 days straight? Yes. Since last year. I would do 365 days straight of sex with my wife if I never had to have sex again. Whoa,. Dont tell my wife about that. What are your goals? A large C, small D. Okay. Lift-- The lift is really important to me. The risk of this is really related to tissue thickness. Okay. The thinner the tissue, the more dangerous this is. Theres a possible third option. Its very unconventional and a little weird. Me and my booty, were two different people. I hope people know that. I was like damn! Thats a big ass. I dont think they know that. Okay, so lets see how much tissue thickness there is. Lets-- whats called transluming. Would you mind turning the light off? Sure. Okay. So, yeah, if you look, youre very clearly on top of the muscle and look at these little venules, these veins. Michelles skin on her breasts are some of the thinnest skin that Ive ever seen. Literally, she only has a few millimeters supplying blood to her breasts. There are two key variables that determine the risk of losing the nipple. One is the distance from the collarbone to the nipple versus the distance from the collarbone to where we wanna put the nipple. Currently, you are at 30. On you... youd like the nipple to be about right there. The average distance between the collarbone and the nipple is around 21 centimeters, in most non-droopy breasts. For you, 22-ish. So its a seven or eight centimeter elevation. Thats very long. So that elevates the risk. Anything sort of over 24, 25 means you have to really raise it up high and thats a long way for those blood vessels to go to keep the nipple alive when youve cut away the skin. The other key piece of information is tissue thickness in the upper portion. What we like to see is two centimeters of thickness. This one has like eight millimeters. Your tissue is extremely thin. With such a limited blood supply, theres a very high chance that I could lose all circulation to the nipple and even worse, may lose all of the blood supply to her entire breast itself. That will result in the entire breast dying. The options are, number one, we take the implants out and we let them breathe. And then sometime later, we put a new pair in and we do a lift. Two, we take them out, close off the pocket, put them under the muscle and do a lift, in one stage. Higher risk, but only one anesthesia. And if it works, youre done in one stage. But, theres a possible third option thats very unconventional, and a little weird. If we puncture your implants and suck the fluid out, leaving the bag in the foreign body in there, its essentially allowing the tissue to chill and to thicken up. Wait a bit of time and then in one stage, go in, take the implants out, close the pocket off, do whatever we need to do, put them under the muscle, lift them up. It may serve our purposes in terms of safety and may allow us to do the operation in one stage. Okay. So you have choices. In your mind, what are you thinking? Like I-- So Id pop the implants... ...and let it sit. Ill tell you why. If it thickens up by adding scar tissue and adding blood supply, and it shrinks down the pocket by itself, by closing it up, that saves a lot of surgical trauma, that may do a lot of good things. And Ive had a lot of good success with popping them. Rupturing Michelles implants and leaving them in the pocket is a unique and original way of treating her particular problem, in which Ive done on several occasions. So, although its unconventional and weird, its so me. If youre saying thats something you feel more comfortable and you think its gonna work the best, I would totally trust you and-- You wanna pop those balloons. Lets pop em. Option number three, kinda weird, kinda scary. Its not gonna be a quick fix, but ultimately, it really sounds like the safest. Sounds good. Thank you. Thank you very much. Pleasure. Youre welcome. It it was a pleasure. Look at her nose, its amazing. Really? Are you talking about noses when were right here? I just cant help it. You see? Theres like pretty nose. She has a pretty nose. Yes, but still-- like, you know... She has a pretty nose. Gotta get over that. Im Erika and my nose looks like a pigs nose. My nose looks bulky, nice and wide. And you can see my nostrils and I have a huge scar on my left side. I just wanna feel, you know, pretty. Youre my beautiful wife I have. Thank you, I love you. You know this. I work at my familys restaurant. And the customers, they actually go up to me and they tell me, "Why do you have that scar?" Or, "It looks ugly." I wanna have pork in my menu, in my restaurant, not on my face. So we have Erika, our next patient. Erika has had four rhinoplasties. Very pretty lady, gorgeous eyes. So somethings going on with that scar. I think the best thing to do, lets just get her in. Yeah. Can you please send in Erika? Hello. Erika, how are you? Good, how are you? Nice to meet you. Nice to meet you. Beautiful eyes by the way. Thank you. When I was a little girl, I never noticed my nose. The first conversation I had on my nose was when one of my cousins actually said, "Why do you have a pigs nose?" I remember just turning to him and be like, "What?" Where we like to start off is kind of, how this all started. Before my sweet 15, my dad, he told me, "What do you want?" I was like, "I want a nose job." My dad thought I was crazy. Hes like, "Uh-uh, no, estás loca." I would actually tell him, "Papi te amo mucho. Papi, I love you," and finally he said yes. My dad actually researched a surgeon in Austin, Texas. So we went to the first surgeon and he was like, "Yeah, were gonna do it." I was only 14. 14 is a little bit too young for a girl to have a rhinoplasty. The minimal age that I will do it is 15, as long as the girl has finished her growth spurt. Like, two weeks passed and I saw a dent on this side. So I waited for summer and I did the second surgery. You still have the dent there. No, this side was perfect, now I had a dent on this side. I decided to get another surgeon, which my dad actually found again. But this time, he found it in Guadalajara, Mexico. And after like two or three weeks, I kinda noticed that something was popping out. Something was wrong there. Like a little scar was appearing. So we actually called the surgeon and he tried to fix it. But I remember waking up in the middle of the surgery. And him doing this at me. He was actually sewing me up. Anesthesia awareness, where youre awake and experiencing the surgery, but youre paralyzed is one of the most devastating complications in all of anesthesia. And it must be avoided at all costs. Did you ever go back to Guadalajara and say, "Hey, it didnt work" or... No, I was actually too scared. I was like, no. My dad was, "Uh-uh." You know if you had a little magic marker... Uh-hmm. ...to do things to your nose, what would you do? Okay, so I have a crooked nose. I would actually make it straighter, a little bit narrow. You mean you think the tip is still too full? Yes. So I think the best thing to do now would be to go in the exam room. Okay. And then were gonna give you our thoughts. So why dont we go do that? Perfect. Show us what you would do. A little bit more narrow. Talk. One, two, three, four. One, two, three, four. That doesnt sound that great, and plus watch, try to breathe. Bend over just a little bit. I just wanna see one thing back here. Whoa, I have never felt anything like this before. Can I have one more Q-tip? Im gonna hold that for you. Take both of these. Okay. So, if you can do your nose... Yes. especially with your nostrils right now. Take that and show us what you would do. Okay. Probably a little bit more narrow. Talk. One, two, three, four. One, two, three, four. No. Erika, what you want isnt gonna work. If we pinch her nose like this. Hello, one, two, three, four. That doesnt sound that great, and plus watch, try to breathe. What do you got there? Okay, I actually wanted to show you the perfect nose, which is my moms nose. Thats my mom. When you look at your moms nose, what do you see? What do you like about her nose? Its actually pointier. Its like... Its longer, thats whats making it-- Longer. Longer. Okay, so thats your goal. Yes. I see what you want. However, theres not a lot of elasticity and stretch with your skin. When I lengthen a nose and the skins not great, we can compromise the blood supply to the nose. Theres a risk that the skin over your nose can die. Im in good hands so... So if youre willing to take the risk, Im willing to take the risk. Im ready. Okay? I really wanna take it. Great pleasure meeting you. Thank you. Thank you, thank you. Pleasure meeting you. For those of you who are just tuning in, you are tuned into Big Booty Problems podcast. Yes. And we are talking about how I am the trending topic this week. Well this booty is the trending topic this week. Me and my booty, were two different people. I hope people know that. I dont think they know that. I dont think they know that. The podcast was the only way that I could think of where I could get my voice out there. And I influence almost a million people where I talk about my big booty problems. Other people come on and talk about theirs and practice what I feel is self-love. Although I get picked on for how I look... Uh-huh. ...a lot of people who really know me know that Im honest about having butt injections. Thats how attain the curves that I have. How do you feel about seeing a doctor about removing it? What do you wanna look like? I would like to see me back with a natural butt, just to see how my natural body would have ended up looking. So I wanna go back. The first time I saw Ms. Miamis big butt, I was like, "Damn, thats a big ass." I feel like shes gonna miss it when she removes it. So before we sign off and wrap this up, do you feel like, if you remove your butt, the fame and the fans will go away? I actually think that a lot of my followers and supporters, I think they want to see me go through the journey of removing my butt. So thank you all for tuning in to Big Booty Problems podcast. This is Ms. Miami... And Dre Baby Neve. And make sure you all follow all this episodes on all digital outlets and follow us on social media. - Bye, you guys. - See you next time. Today is your day. Its gonna be good. Last time Ive seen Dr. Dubrow was four months ago. You know, he deflated my breast implants. It was-- It was weird. All right, so here we go, ready? Were gonna start aspirating. Okay. Okay. Okay, thats good. That was super successful. I didnt miss the heaviness on my shoulders. But I dont wanna live with limp boobies. My breasts right now look like flat flapjacks. So Im excited to get my new boobs so I can start up the 365 with my husband again cause we kind of put that in the back burner and Im missing it. This is gonna be pretty interesting. Okay. Because this is not a thing that we do very often. I know. Okay, so when we first met, the amount of droopiness you had was about 30 centimeters from your clavicle here to your areola. Lets see how well it worked. All right, so on the right, now you are 25. Oh, wow. Oh, the left, now you are 25 and a half. So that is amazing. Five centimeters. That shrunk a lot a lot. So it did what it was supposed to do then. And not only that, you initially had paper thin skin. Yeah. And now youre, you know, three and a half centimeters. What we did is not a very straightforward thing, its kind of a controversial thing. But clearly, it was the right thing. Yeah. Youve now gone from an extraordinarily high-risk procedure, to just a high-risk procedure. Which makes me feel a little bit better. Interesting thing about the case with Michelle today is I ruptured her implants on purpose, that caused a contraction process, which thickened up the breast tissue. Did a lot of the lift for me. The question is, can I still put a very full implant in and do an effective lift around it, or will it be too tight? For Michelles surgery today, Im going to go into her breast pocket and first take out the saline implants that we intentionally ruptured. Then Im going to create a submuscular pocket and put a new pair of silicon implants in that newly formed pocket. Lastly, well finish off with a breast lift. Were in the pocket. Theres the ruptured implant. Lets see what it looks like. Wow this was only a 650 cc implant. Filled to 750. Filled to 750, yeah. Wow. It was way overfilled. They really pushed the envelope here, literally. Okay, all right, so lets lift up the muscle now. This is a very tricky operation, because normally breast tissue is sitting directly on top of the breast muscle. Now its been disconnected by placing the implant on top of the muscle. So youve gotta remarry the muscle to the breast tissue again. Sometimes thats really hard. Its sort of like getting together with your ex-wife. Whats more painful? Lifting up breast muscle off the rib cage or listening to my jokes all day long-- That one. So down from 750 to 580. Huh, this may work. Lets go over to the other side and see what we can do there. Michelles breasts are still big, but along with the lift, theyre in a much better position and they look more natural, which is exactly what Michelle wanted. Bring it, bring it, bring it, bring it. Okay, these are symmetrical, theyre full, and the nipples are alive. Well Im just gonna say it, I was awesome today. My booty can talk. You wanna hear what my booty can say? Yeah, I wanna see it, I wanna see it. Thank you for seeing me. What is in there? Okay. Oh. Oh, my God. Oh! All right. Dr. Nassif is ready for you. Okay. Okay. For your peace. Okay. Te amo mucho. I love you, good luck. Okay. Yeah. I cant wait to go back to the restaurant and be the face of the restaurant. Theyre actually gonna see me now as the person I am. And its gonna be amazing. Good morning. Look at that big smile and those beautiful eyes. Good morning. Hi. Hi. How ya doing? Good. How are you? Boy, you sound excited. This young ladys gonna mark your rib. Okay. And then were gonna get you in the operating room. Thank you so much. Okay? For Erikas surgery, I am going to lengthen her nose by using one of her ribs to make spreader grafts, a septal extension graft, rim grafts and dome grafts to put in her nose and give it more volume, as well as stability. Lastly, I will do some microdermabrasion to try and remove most of the scar on her left side. Okay, lets open the nose carefully. I dont wanna tear into anything. Suction over here. I gotta see where my incision is. I found a whitehead. We gotta pop it. Oh! Oh, my God. Oh! Jesus, I thought I was coming here to do nose surgery, not to be on an episode of Dr. Pimple Popper. Come on, dont let me pop through the skin. By lifting up the skin like that though, its kind of superficial. We can get some compromise of the blood supply. Erika has a lot of scar tissue, so its difficult to make room between her thin skin, scar tissue and the grafts we wanna use. That means, its gonna be harder for the blood vessels to bring oxygen to the skin, which puts her at a heightened risk for the tip getting purple and possibly dying. So, weve opened up the nose, which was really difficult, found the septum, did a formal septoplasty. The difficult part of this nose, is making the tip look normal. Well use the grafts weve built from the harvested rib, so I can lengthen her nose. Its gonna help lower her nostrils, which is what we wanna do. But its also gonna help open her nostrils so she can breathe better. Extra added-on benefit for Erika. So this is a hydrafacial machine, which does all kinds of things, especially exfoliation. But theres a dermabrasion handpiece that Im using now, really gently because we dont want to go too deep because we just did an open rhinoplasty on her. The micro dermabrasion portion of the hydrafacial machine, what it does is we rub it against the outer parts of the skin, and basically its like sanding. So youre taking the upper part of the scar down, hopefully to make it more level. I mean, this is a fantastic result. Thank you, thank you all. - Youve been traveling a lot recently. - Yup. So whats the number one risk of flying? Blood clot in the leg... A clot in my leg. ...breaks off and kills you. Thank you, thats like the worst thing I wanna hear. Right. This is a brand new device. Okay. It gives you do eight to ten hours of squeezers. Well, here, you wanna put it on me? Yeah. My goal in giving Paul these squeezers is that we can minimize the chance that hell get a blood clot in his legs. Wow. Darn. This is high-grade professional squeezers. In addition, I wouldnt mind if youd put one on his leg and one on his mouth, so that when it went on, he would shut the up. Okay, our next patient has a very significant problem. Is that crazy? Those are balloons. Those are, like, fake. No. Look. No one has a butt that big.  Oh, yeah and its bigger than-- That cant be. Oh, look at this. This is real. You think thats all granulomas? I have no idea. Scar? Lets bring Courtney in and figure this out. Can you please send in Courtney? Courtney. Hey, hey. How are you, Dr. Nassif. Im doing well, nice to meet you. Hi Courtney, Terry Dubrow, how are you? Nice to meet you. Nice to meet you, great. Great to finally be here. Whats your name? Nivea. Nivea, Dr. Nassif. Yes. - Please have a seat. - Thank you. Whats it like to live with a buttock this big? I mean, just on a practical level. Things like sitting in a chair, an airplane seat, going to the bathroom, having relations with other people. Can you use a public restroom? Yeah. Can you use a public toilet? Yeah, she just gotta spread the cheeks. No problem? A lot of my followers, or people who follow me, they ask me those same questions every day. How do I take a bath? How do I wipe? How is love making? Maybe they think I have helpers to help me with everything. Come help me make love. Come help me bathe. Do you have trouble walking? Its been very uncomfortable. Girl, you wanna see? Okay, so its pretty mobile, isnt it? Yeah, and my booty can talk. You wanna hear it. Yeah, I wanna see it, Thank you for seeing me. A combination of thoughts are running through my mind-- shock, intrigue, even fear, of what really is in there. How did you get to this place? What did you have injected into your buttock? The lady who injected me told me that it was hydrogel. I dont know if that was popular when it came to- Yeah, yeah. Hydrogel is a synthetic polymer called polyacrylamide, which is a gel, that when injected into the body, attracts water and gets incorporated into the tissue. The problem is, that incorporation can have a very significant immunological reaction and can lead to potential serious disasters. Do you have pain? No, I dont have any pain yet. Okay. But my butt, if you press into it, you feel-- you feel stuff. So are there hard areas? Yes. There are hard areas. I saw those granulomas. Yeah, okay. And I have discoloration. And discoloration. The post-inflammatory hyperpigmentation, thats what we call, P.I.H. is what we call it. What are your goals? I want to try to remove them and have a smaller butt. Why dont we go in the exam room and take a look and see if we can figure out what-- Doc, you might need a drink before we go in. I might need a drink. All right. People are intrigued by this butt. They need to know whats going on. I need to know whats going on with this butt. You basically amputate the entire-- Amputate the whole booty? The whole booty. Look at that. That is completely dramatic. Now let me see one thing. I just want to feel-- why dont you go ahead and feel this one, Paul? - Its really tender. - Oh. Yeah. I mean, this is rock hard. Rock hard and at the surface. Jeez. Very close, very superficial. Does that hurt when Im pushing in like that? Thats all granulomas. Yeah. Courtneys butt is lumpy, bumpy, granulomatous, firm, tender. Courtney is very lucky and blessed that she hasnt had any complications. Bend over just a little bit. I just wanna see one thing back here. Theyre all the way down here. Its hard to find a separation between the lumpy masses and any kind of normal appearing tissue. Whoa, I have never felt anything like this before. Okay, so theres two layers to the skin. Theres the epidermis and the dermis, and they have blood vessels that go just underneath that that supply them with blood and oxygen that keeps it alive. Because the masses are so superficially located, that you absolutely cant remove all of them unless you basically amputate the entire-- Amputate the whole booty? The whole booty. Im not doing that. No, Im not doing that. Im not amputating butts. The good news is that person didnt seem to inject much of it into the muscle, and thats how people die. You get it into the blood vessel, or the buttock muscle, it goes right into the main blood vessel that goes back to your heart and your lungs. Thats how theyre killing people. So its very good that you dont have that problem. Its very good that you dont have necessarily a functional problem with this. Believe me, I feel really terrible about this. Im actually gonna lose sleep over this. I can tell you one thing, Courtney. A patient came into us a few years ago who had had these big injections in her face. Its a war zone inside of your face. Wow. We turned her down, but then we became obsessed with it. And then after about seven, eight, nine months of thinking about it, at 4:00 in the morning, bang, an idea popped into my mind. Wow. And we crafted a plan, high-risk, we took her to the operating room, and she looks pretty great. Thank you. Thanks so much. Wow, thats great. So what I would tell you is, dont give up hope. Normally we have to turn patients away because theyve gone to an extreme and now they wanna go further. In Courtneys case, shes learned her lesson, and all she wants is her normal body back. Hopefully, we can find a way in the future to figure out an option that will help her that wont be too dangerous. Thank you. Youre in my brain now... Find a solution. Yes, were gonna fight it. ...for number one. Figure something out. Okay? I do have faith that Dr. Dubrow will find a solution for me, but dont take too long cause I want a regular butt, like a natural booty, like an everyday booty, like one of them nice little booties. You know I want one of those. Great meeting you. Thank you. Really great meeting you. I am so happy. Im happy too. I am so happy. How are you, beautiful eyes? Great, how are you? Im doing all right. Ive been wanting this nose since I was eight years old. So its actually really exciting after 21 years to finally see the results. Sorry, sorry. Youre good, youre good. Im looking at your skin color. Okay, now, let me... I just wanna get few little q-tips. Okay. Did you clean it this morning? Yes, a lot. So the tip is a little red, which is fine. Its not purple. Im sorry to do this to you. Its okay. But the color of the tip is good. Erikas skin shows no signs of compromised blood flow, because thats what I wanna see-- nice, pink, healthy looking skin. And with this, shell be well on her road to recovery. I was so happy when I was done, I was excited for you. Its gonna be more like your moms. Not quite like your moms, but more like your moms. Any other questions? Not really. What do you think? Looks good. I mean, you can already tell a little bit without that on a little bit. Yes, but it looks good. Its good. I feel good. You taking care of her? Yes. You being a good hubby? Yeah, he made soup last night. Well you look-- youre laughing, youre doing all of that, great. No more piggy-ish nose. Now well be able to actually look at her, and were not gonna stare at her nose anymore when we see her. Were gonna stare at those beautiful eyes. Im very happy for you. Thank you. Okay? Im very happy. Thank you. Thank you. Ill see you guys later. Yes, perfect. Thank you. Thank you so much. Bye-bye. Bye, thank you. Hello, how are you? Hi, Dr. Dubrow. Hey, how are ya? So big operation, how do you feel? I feel better today. Last night I wanted to just-- Kill me. Yeah. That sounds like how most of his-- most of this family and friends feel most of the time. It made a joke. A joke. The stars have lined up. They have. Congratulations. Thank you. All right, lets look and see how we did. Look at that. Oh, theyre so pretty. Look at that. That is completely dramatic. This method is considered experimental, even possibly controversial. You have to have the perfect patient for it. Terry did an incredible job, and Im blown away by the results. Isnt that cool? Yes. Thats great. Theyre beautiful. Dr. Dubrow should put this in a medical magazine because he did awesome. If I have to be a poster woman for that, Ill be on that poster with these beautiful boobs, and then everybodys gonna want them. - Do you know what he said? - What? He said, "Were back to our 365, baby." Remember that? Thats right. Youre not doing the 365 for at least six weeks. I know, I gotta put it off. But you know hey, once those six weeks up, here we go. Love it. I gotta give it to Michelles body that she healed this complicated surgery so well. And basically, she gets two gold stars. And maybe, nine gold stars for me. Congratulations, so far so good. Thank you. Thank you. Very much. Congratulations. Congratulations. 365, coming your way. Yeah right, it is. Bye, you guys. Thank you so much. It feels so good to have this weight lifted. I dont have anything holding me back anymore. How about we get this vacation started? Ready to pet the animal, Mathias? Yes. Ive been having problems with my nose since I was eight years old. I had four surgeries and I still had a pigs nose. So after all these years, I finally have the nose I deserve. You know, I feel like Im empowered, and I feel just gorgeous. From today on, its gonna be a new Erika. I remember when we were in high school that that really put a toll on her just with what people would say and how she felt. It was definitely hard for her. Ive known Erika for almost 15 years now, and Ive been there for her through all the changes, and Im really really excited to see what she looks like and how she feels, more importantly. Just wait until you see her. Hi guys! Oh my God, Erika. Give Mommy a kiss. You look great. Come here, Papi. Say hi. Hi, Papi. Looks really good. You look great. Thank you. Hi. Oh my God, Erika, you look great. Thank you, I feel great. Erika looks amazing. I can definitely see a different side of her. Shes glowing, shes really happy. She looks great. Oh my gosh, Erika, thats the nose you shouldve had when we were in high school. I know. How do you like it? I love it and I mean, just your face, youre just glowing. I feel amazing and Im so happy. Before my surgery, I had a pigs nose. My nose was bulky, you could see through my nostrils, and I had a huge scar. I would put up with customers making me feel bad about my nose. But now, thanks to Dr. Nassif, my nose is longer, its more narrow and you cant see into it. Now I feel confident in my restaurant, telling my customers that the porks on the menu, not on my face. Did you borrow my nose? No, you can keep it. I dont want it back, okay? You can keep it. Whens the last time you saw mom in a bathing suit? Its been awhile. Yeah, I know, I dont think Ive seen her in one for a couple years, cause her boobs, she just felt so self-conscious. I have wanted to feel this way my entire life. Every single surgery that Ive ever been through seems like nothing has ever turned out right for me. I couldnt have this outfit on that I have on today. Coming from saggy boobs to a gorgeous set of beautiful boobs. It feels so good to have this weight lifted. I dont have anything holding me back anymore. How bout we get this vacation started? Mom, oh my gosh. Oh, my God. - You look so good. - You look great. You look amazing. Youre radiant, you look so good. Are you sure youre not wearing a bra? Im not faking it, no bra. They look so good. They look so good. I feel like the worlds been lifted off of my shoulders because before, they were just so hanging, just hanging down on me and its just so uncomfortable. You know, Id always have to wear a bra, and I couldnt wear a swimsuit like this. I feel like Im rocking it. I feel like I look pretty good. Oh, you do. Yeah, you look very good. For her to be able to be out and about in a bathing suit in front of people and not have to worry and be self conscious, weve never really seen that side of her. She seems a lot happier, so Im happy for her. You look great, babe. They look natural. Right? So natural. And Im not falling out? No. Im not falling out? Its not down to my belly button? You have a belly button. You look great. So 365 2.0, right? Yup. Gross. Were leaving. Lets go this way. Before my surgery my breasts look like cow udders. They were large and heavy and they hung down to my belly button. I couldnt even take off my bra while being intimate with my husband. Now, thanks to Dr. Dubrow, my boobs are lifted and off of my stomach, and they look amazing. I can now wear any bra I want. Even better, I can take off a bra whenever I want. My butt is making me flip out. Whoa! Delivering a baby. Oh my God, that is worse than I thought. I thought Id be a trophy wife by now. So obviously, boobs are not where its at. Its clearly in the booty. I had no idea that the key to finding a husband was to get a bigger butt. Things that make you go hmm. My neck started becoming distorted. To me, it looks like dog doo-doo. This isnt easy. OpenSubtitles recommends using Nord VPN from 3.49 USD/month ----> osdb.link/vpn 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 