Botched: Season 6, Episode 7 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Botched 
 s6e7 - All I Want for Christmas... - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Botched (2014–…): Season 6, Episode 7 - All I Want for Christmas... - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Oh yeah! Turkey? Just in time for Thanksgiving. Holiday season is here. Darn you Santa! I have Santa to blame for my nose. He hit my on the bridge of my glasses and broke my nose. Ive got like a Rudolph nose. Itll turn red if Im really warm. I would describe the current state of my breasts as a shredded meat fest. Like cobweb. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Like a horror film or something. Clearly, Melissas last surgeons favorite holiday was Halloween. I hate the way that my nose looks. What plastic surgery have you had total? I dont know. I lost count. Have you ever had any complications? I couldnt breath. I was like. And you want more. Mm-hmm. Well, lets not forget what started this whole thing. Santa. Oh my goodness. My name is Sara and I have Santa to blame for my nose. I told my son there is no Santa and he broke my nose. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Darn you Santa! About two years ago, my son came home, and hes like, I know Santa isnt real. And he said, tell me the truth! I mean, he was right in my face. And so, spoiler alert, I told him the truth. Santa is not real. Yeah. I went to an Ear, Nose, and Throat specialist and he said, you do have a break. Lets get it re-set. So that was the first surgery, they did put me under for that. When the cast came off, it looked the same. And I met with a different surgeon who said, we definitely would need to have another surgery to correct it. Following that second surgery, the surgeon commented that my nose was a hot mess. I was hoping that that meant it was a hot mess before, but it turned out to be a hot mess after as well. My nose still wasnt straight. So I had to have another surgery. Following my last surgery, my nose is even more crooked, my tip sticks out, and it turns purple when Im cold, itll turn red if Im really warm. At least I have a party trick, I dont know. If you could do it all over again, would you not tell Colton that there wasnt a Santa? Thats the million dollar question isnt it? Yes. Wooo! Dont get that on me. My name is Liziane. Im from Brazil, but I live in Las Vegas for the past ten years. And I almost died doing plastic surgery. So all my surgeries and everything like about me is all over the news. After six surgeries, I hate the way that my nose looks, and my nostrils are not even. Why do you wanna fix your nose? Its like its almost perfect. No its not. Its all in your mind. Plastic surgery in Brazil, people start young, like 16, 17. My first procedure, I was 17 years old and I had a liposuction and breast implants. I been like so many procedures. Botox, cheek fillers, lip lift, lip fillers, breast implant twice, butt injections, and lipo all over my body. For my first nose job, I wanted like cute little nose like Angelina Jolie. I end up, after the surgery, my nostrils not even. So I was doing more nose jobs because I have the idea, one of these surgeries Im gonna have my nose fixed. If I wanna do like video or something like this, that is disgusting. So my sixth nose job, I went to Turkey to have my nose fixed and to have a liposuction. And then a disaster happened. I went to do the surgery and when I woke up, I couldnt breath. I was like... As I couldnt breathe, I went into a coma because I had a blood clot in my lungs. And I just remember waking up five days after. As your friend Im gonna tell you, you gotta stop. After I almost died, I waited for like one year to do another procedure. Im gonna do whatever I want to. Like its my money, its my body. And I went to Brazil to do some botox and fillers, and after two weeks, my lips was getting bigger and my face was like a huge ball on the side. That was worst for me than what happened in Turkey. I know you guys gonna say this is crazy, but if I died, just died. What if I have to live with my face forever like that? I went to the hospital, I couldnt feel my lips, and then I start to take steroids to put my face back to normal. Okay, I need some pictures for my Instagram. I want Dr. Nassif to, please, make my nostrils even. No no no no, dont go for down. If youre going down, youre gonna see my nostrils. I almost died, but I dont care. And until I have my nose fixed, Im not gonna stop. And if the Dr. Nassif wants, maybe take some ribs out? Question for you. Pop quiz. one word or two words, go. Two words. Its one word, dumbass. Yeah, Paul. That whole skipping third grade thing, not a good idea. All right. Patient named Sara. Past rhinoplasties, had some trauma. Okay whats with the bones here? Collapse. Did the trauma cause that or did the surgeons cause that? Lets actually see her. Can you please send in Sara? Hey. How are you? Dr. Nassif. Good. So nice to meet you. Nice to meet you. Hi Sara. Terry Dubrow. Hi. Please have a seat. Why dont you start and tell us what happened with the trauma? It was getting close to Christmas time. My son, hes like, "Mom, I know Santa isnt real." How old is he? He was eight at the time. So I told him the truth. That there was no Santa? Mm-hmm. Wow. I did at that point. I mean hes like, tell me the truth! And he got so close to my face, he hit me just right on the bridge of my glasses and broke my nose. He was really upset. He was really upset. Sara, small piece of advice for you, next time youre asked if Santa exists, say yes! So then that next day, I went in to ear, nose, and throat. And they put me under to reset it. But then it still didnt look right. So then that is when I met with another doctor. And that surgery ended up being like five hours long. And when the cast came off, it was still crooked. And then I had this smell that I just could not get out of my nose. I think it smelled like cat pee. Thats sad that I know what cat pee smells like but... By the way, I dont wanna change the subject but you smell like cat pee sometimes. Ooh. Yeah and its usually when Im breathing in that I notice it. Terry, the only smell coming from me is a man smell. A good looking man making good looking man smells. The smell, usually that is a sign of infection. Its usually of feet. Thats what I usually hear. Oh. Smells like feet inside my nose. Did they culture your nose or think that there might be an infection? I dont remember them culturing it but I know I was on antibiotics. So I didnt have that yucky cat pee smell in there anymore and then I had another surgery. And it almost looks kind of smashed right here. Right. Your nose collapsed after the last surgery. Yeah well that doctor, when he met with me after he did the surgery, he said, I really wish I couldve fixed that tip. And I was like, oh no. Hows the skin of your nose? Well it turns purple when Im cold, red when Im really warm, Ive got like a Rudolph nose, you know. When did that start to happen? After the last surgery? Yeah. That was after the last surgery. With hearing all that, examination is the next step. Sure. So lets go ahead and do that. Okay. Look at this left breast right here. Like cobweb scar tissue. I dont know what to do. You might still have something in there. Oh yeah. Look at... Is it coming out? Its making me want to throw up. There it is. There- Oh look at that. All right. That bone is like... collapsed in. Yeah. Lets see your profile. Yeah this is- oh interesting. The bone is all the way up to here. Long bones. So her bones been taken down and short. I think Sara has a saddle nose deformity from an iatrogenic cause. What that means is the doctor did it, just took too much out of the cartilage, whether its an over-agressive septoplasty, or taken too much cartilage right here, whatever it is, now shes got a concavity. What Im gonna have to do is re-fracture your bone on the left. Okay. Try to make it more mobile so I can get it straight. Two, your bone is over done. This has been brought in too much. So we have to build that up from your own tissue. Okay. Ahh. Okay. Whats wrong? Whats up? I dont know. Its a lot. So far Ive only talked about two things. I know. Im getting nervous. Yeah. Okay. One, fix the bone and build this up. I know its just... Right. And you need that. Right? Yes I do. Yes. The question is after I put this in, how much does the tip need to move back? Mm-hmm. What does that look like? When you say push the tip back are you saying push? Yeah. Ow. Were gonna do it a little bit different than that, but thats the goal, is take the tip, and right now its over projected. Right. Were gonna push it back a little bit. Since youre already nervous, were gonna get you a little bit more nervous. Ooh yay. You know the purple color? Yes. Possibility we could make that worse. Yeah. When I hear that a patients nose turns purple when shes cold, that means the blood supply to the nose is not great. So if I operate on Saras nose, theres a very very good possibility that I could make that worse. I mean, I wanna take on your nose. I wanna do it. Okay. Were in? Were in. Okay lets do it. After those four surgeries, its gonna take the best of the best to fix what happened to me. My name is Melissa and I would describe the current state of my breasts as literally a shredded meat fest. In order to disguise my current situation, I wear inserts. They kind of look like chicken cutlets but theyre clear. And then you have like the cotton pads and then of course the extra padded bra. But you gotta make sure everythings even, that nothings showing too much. When you have this whole thing going on, you shut down. Everything is like done. I know you shut down. I would like to see Dr. Dubrow and Dr. Nassif because what has happened to me on the outside has effected my self-esteem. Id rather just stay home. So I have no life. Melissa has had multiple previous breast surgeries, the most severe complications that you can have. Look at that right breast. Look how droopy it is. Right? Theres no implants there though is there? No. Look at this left breast right here. You ever seen this before? Thats all scar tissue isnt it? Thats like cobweb- Yes. Scar tissue. Bring her in. Can you please send in Melissa? Melissa. Hello. Very nice to meet you. Nice to meet you. Dr. Nassif. Terry Dubrow, nice to meet you. Mom. So what we do know is that youve had multiple previous breast implant surgeries. They didnt necessarily work out and thats why your left with this situation. That is correct. So what happened? After my first year in law school, I figured Id made it through first year which is the toughest year, you know. I decided to reward myself with a breast augmentation. I had the surgery in the Summer time. About three to four months into it, it got really hard and raised up to here. So you had an early encapsulation. Mm-hmm. So I went to another surgeon and he said yes, we gotta take that out, clear out that scar tissue... Right. He put different implants in and honestly they were fine for 12 years. Okay good. Up until, I guess, one of them ruptured. I was happy until the day that I woke up and there was just a bag. So did it go flat right away? Um... in about a 48 hour period. Okay. The average life expectancy for breast implants, give or take, is about 12 years. Unfortunately, theres nothing you can do for maintenance or upkeep. Basically, when they pop, you just gotta get them replaced. That surgeon moved. So I went to another surgeon and he didnt even use the right type of sutures. The holes where the sutures were placed were really large. Looks like a starburst kind of pattern. About three weeks after, stuff started leaking out. I mean I filled up a Tupperware container with just going like that to my breast. Puss? It wasnt a puss. It was more liquidy. A little reddish? Yes. Okay. Sounds like you had a seroma. When you develop fluid after a breast implant revision, it could either be due to an infection, which would cause puss, or it can be due to the leaking of the surrounding cells due to a low grade inflammatory reaction, called seroma. I went to see a different doctor who said, listen, Im taking these things out, put me on antibiotics... Okay. And now, I kind of just stopped my whole life. You did because of this. Yeah? Shes literally in her room I am. And youre living alone or living with mom? I moved back in with my mom. Everything that I was, Im not. What if you go on a date? What happens? Come on, were adults, we all know what happens on dates. What would you like to happen, ideally? I know Im never gonna be perfect. Okay. I just want to be normal a little bit, you know. So any improvement... Yeah. Is gonna make you happy? Yes! Are you kidding me? Okay um... I dont know. I dont know what to do. This ones pretty deep. Look at that. What to do? Wow. Ultimately, its gonna be about who sutures better. I was Chief Resident in General Surgery and Plastic Surgery. Oh excuse me. Yeah well theres no excuse for you, just watch. Okay, I want to look very carefully at that scarring so let me see whats going on. Okay so because you had that seroma, all that fluid that poured out, this area has basically healed straight down to the chest wall. That is a difficult problem. Then theres this side. This side... It had so much difficulty healing, normally when wounds are opened, they heal by bridging skin coming from each raw side and touching, and closing off the wound. But you not only healed a band of skin this way, you filled the cavity with skin. Like this ones pretty deep. Look at that. What to do? We could potentially go to the operating room, remove scar tissue, and try not to use implants. But your breasts would be rather small-ish, and I wouldnt be able to get a good shape. The most valuable solution may be the most dangerous and risky and that is take out scar tissue, make a pocket, put implants in, and give you, hopefully, symmetrical breasts that goes with you and the social life, and get you where you need to be. Lets do it. The truth about Melissas very high risk breast revisional situation now is that the blood supply has been impaired, theres a ton of scar tissue, its gonna be extraordinarily difficult to give her symmetrical breasts with good breast shape. Thank you so much. Thank you. But, the only reason Im willing to take Melissas case on is because she did tolerate breast implants for over 12 years and I think that its possible she may tolerate it again if I can find the right operation. I was like sweating I was so nervous, Im like... Dr. Nassif? Dr. Dubrow? Can you guys come into the kitchen? We have an emergency here. Whats the emergency in the kitchen? Oh Jesus. Oh yeah! Turkey? Just in time for Thanksgiving. I know you guys are always giving each other a hard time about whos better. Yeah. Wow. Ultimately, its gonna be about who sutures better. Im gonna bring you guys back... to just a few years ago in medical school. Its on, baby! Of course Im gonna beat Paul in a suturing contest. I could beat Paul with one hand tied behind my back and the other hand up my ass. I was Chief Resident in General Surgery and Plastic Surgery. Oh excuse me. Yeah well theres no excuse for you, just watch. This is fun. I havent done this in years. All righty, Ill start the timer now then. Ready, set, go! Do I have to listen to his humming? Seriously? For someone who really hates it when other people hum, he actually hums and sings quite a lot. Voila. Im done. I love having Paul as a best friend because you can always count on him... Loser! To be a loser. Wow. Thats like a Picasso. Fragmented and weird. All right. Cut. Tell me when youre done. Now. So how much faster was I? By 25 seconds. 25 seconds faster? Paul, you are a turkey. Can I take these home for Thanksgiving? - Melissa. - Hey Doc. How you feeling? Well thank you. Excited, nervous. Excited and nervous? Yes. I hate to tell you, me too. The plan for Melissas surgery today is to first remove the irregular scars around her areolas. Then Ill make an incision and attempt to make a breast pocket after assessing the amount of scar tissue on the inside. And once I do that, Ill place appropriately sized implants. Finally, Ill manipulate the overlying breast tissue, trying to give Melissa two full, symmetrical breasts. Okay so weve got the external scars all cut out on this right side. Now we have to go in and assess the pocket. Yeah. So far its just one, thick scar mass. Look at this. All just blown up scar tissue. And you cant put an implant underneath this. It wont give at all. The key to Melissas surgery today is my ability to release the scar tissue on the inside to allow me to make a pocket. A huge, significant problem is that the closer you get to the overlying skin, the greater the chance that I could pop through the skin and thats game over, or reduce the blood supply to the overlying skin and nipple that it all dies post-operatively. All right. Let me see something. Im creating kind of a semi-submuscular pocket of scar to elevate the breast tissue rather than a stiff pocket. All right. Lets see what this would do. Staple this for a second. We finally have a small implant. The problem is if I do anything else with this implant in, I dont think the nipple will survive. The only thing we can do on this breast is let it heal and do the operation that I need to do in a second stage when things have healed. All right. Lets start on the left. Now I have the left breast to deal with. Look at all these holes where she pussed out all those stitches. Its like a horror film or something. Very bizarre. Clearly, Melissas last surgeons favorite holiday was Halloween. All right lets see what surprises await us inside this breast. As opposed to the right breast, the old pocket was able to be found, I was able to lift it up, remove some scar tissue, and easily create a pocket to accommodate her implant. Wow. So this side, as opposed to the right side, turned out to be very straight forward. So were gonna have, hopefully, a healed breast with an alive nipple that we can come back in a couple of weeks, and do a tweek that will make Melissa have a good shape and the size she wants. To move forward and make any more incisions is not worth the risk of losing the entire nipple and potentially all of the breast tissue. I think this is the best way to go. If I can get Sara at least an 80% improvement, Santa has to give me a fantastic present this year. You know, like, another new car. I wish I could remove my ribs. Im not lookin at your ribs. But if I remove here... So they think that Im a little bit coo-coo. So heres your computer morphing. You can see how that tip is sticking out, so our goal is Im gonna push that back a little bit. If I can get Sara at least an 80% improvement, Santa hast to give me a fantastic present this year. You know, like, another new car. For Saras surgery today, my team and I will begin by simultaneously harvesting rib and fascia from her scalp. I will then open her nose and perform a medial crural overlay to push back the tip before inserting a diced cartilage-fascia graft into the middle vault to build up her profile. Next, well fracture the bones on the left side so I can widen them and make them straight. Hopefully giving Sara a nose as pretty as a Christmas present. Now were gonna start the nose. Rib is out. Fascia came out, nice big piece. What were doing right now is setting the tip back. Its called a medial crural overlay. And we wanna keep eyeballing the nasal tip skin color. Obviously, the color that we dont wanna see is purple. Sara told me that her nasal tip turns purple when shes cold. That means the blood supply to the nose is not great. So Im gonna rock and roll through this part of the surgery because the longer I take the more risk there is to damaging her nasal skin. Were now gonna place the diced cartilage-fascia graft. Were also gonna build up the dorsum. So far the nasal tip skin is nice and pink. Go. The left nasal bones collapsed in, so for me to fix this, Im gonna fracture her left bones, put some rib cartilage right in between there, thats gonna give it more shape, volume, and make it straight. I pushed the bone out a little. You did? Yeah. Suction. Very little bit. Let me tell you one thing that Im worried about, Saras nasal tip is used to being over projected. She might even have to tape her nasal tip for about four to six weeks following surgery. Saras skin has a lot of memory in the region of the tip. That means that the skin is used to being projected out, even though we fixed everything underneath it, but it still likes to be out. Hopefully, with proper post-operative care, her nasal tip skin can settle into its new position and forget that it was ever really projected out. Okay a lot better. About 85%. Were just gonna have to see how she heals. Looks great. I think shell be really happy. Look who it is. Nice to see you. How are you? Nice to see you. Hello. I will shake gently if you dont mind. How are you? Good to see you. Very nice to see you. Okay so I have a lot to talk to you about. Okay? Yes, please do. Your surgery was very difficult. So I was able to create a pocket. Yay. Good. Yay. And able to put an implant in, but the soft tissue envelope overlying it was like hanging off and distorted, and so I needed to get it to conform to the breast implant. Correct? The problem is if I cut from the inside dramatically and I start cutting from the outside, whats feeding the nipple? No blood supply. This is what I call that fork in the road. I got in there, I put in the breast implant, and Im gonna let it heal and chill out, come back in a couple of weeks... Okay. And do good breast shape once things have healed and re-established... Gotcha. Blood flow. So today, I dont care what it looks like. Stage one, all right? All right so lets see. So remember, its about, do I have mounds in there? Hey. Its gotta be better than what she had. Ah. It feels so good just to release. Okay. Its this deficient area that is the area I have to work on. But look at this. Ive got mounds. Yeah. And look, theyre happy... Theyre bigger than me Meliss. And theyre soft, and theyre good. And look, the nipple is... you dont need to be a plastic surgeon to know thats a pink nipple. The fact that I can look down and see fullness of breasts, Im very excited about that. And now Dr. Dubrow wants to go for that second step, Im all in. He must have patience of a God, I cant even imagine, like he didnt throw in the towel and just say forget it, I cant do it. Your job is to allow these breast implants to stay there. - Were gonna be good. - All right. So our next patient, Liziane, something about helping her with her nose. Here she is. Wow. Looks like multiple nasal surgeries. Yeah. Shes had a lot of nasal surgery. Brow surgery. Shes a plastic surgery aficionado. Can you please send in Liziane? Hi. Liziane. Nice to meet you. Liziane, shes obsessed with plastic surgery and it gets me worried because she almost died last year. I hope the doctors are gonna help Liziane to understand its time to stop. So we looked at your photos and we know that you like plastic surgery. Yes. And I know that youre here for something with your nose. Yes. And I have like, for now, I have six nose jobs. Six? Okay. And I still hate my nose. What dont you like about your nose? Here the nostril that looks different. So what plastic surgery have you had total? Uh. Oh my gosh. I dont know. I lost count. Theres been so many procedures just... I lost count. How many lipos? Ten? Can I say 20? Okay. 20 lipos? Yeah because- I think thats a record isnt it? Where did you have liposuction? What part of your body? Oh, everything. Really? How did that go? The lipos well but the problem was I got addicted in doing liposuction. So if I see some fat on my body, lipo. How much do you think youve spent, up to this point, on plastic surgery? I could drive a Ferrari if I dont have all this procedures done. The other option is you could have a lot of plastic surgery and buy a Ferrari like him. Actually, Terry, its a Ferrari. Ferrari. Engine sounds sweet. I dont wanna do lipo anymore but... Good. I wish I could remove my ribs. I think if I remove this... here. First of all, Im not lookin at your ribs. But if I remove here, Im gonna look more. They think that Im a little bit coo-coo but... It is what it is. Shes talking about a lift, shes talking about a new nose job... So its not gonna stop. Shes not gonna stop. Have you ever had any complications? I met this doctor in Turkey. What did you go to Turkey for? For a lipo and a nose job. Because any doctors in USA wants to do lipo. They wont do lipo. No. And I went in a coma. What? You went into a coma? Why? He said that I have a embolism. Embolism? Wow. A pulmonary embolus... Yeah. Is when you have either a clot, a blood clot, go into your lungs, and block your lungs and gives you shortness of breath. Did he tell you where it came from? Pulmonary embolism comes from one of the veins, usually in the lower extremities, that goes up into the right side of the heart, and then enters into your lung and causes a big problem with your lung. Most of the people that I know that have had pulmonary embolisms arent here with us anymore. Did the doctor say you almost died? Yeah. And you want more. Mm-hmm. Whats wrong with this picture? There it is, there- oh look at that. Oh this is so good! Dr. Pimple Popper eat your heart out. You ready for the second stage? So ready. Melissa right now has about a 63% improvement. I wanna get a 93. Thats like an A on the test. All right lets go. Let me look at your nose. Okay so... Let me look at your ears. Okay so cartilage has been removed from here. Thats not good. Any filler in your face? Yeah. Does that hurt with me touching you here? So you might still have something in there. Look. Look it even blots. Yeah, look at that, when I do that. Its coming out? Oh oh yeah. Look at that. Its coming out? Hold on one second. Let me just see... There it is, there-- oh look at that. This is not hyaluronic acid I dont think. Its kind of granular. Oh my gosh. Get it all out. Oh this is so good. Dr. Pimple Popper eat your heart out. Uh. That yellow stuff coming out of Lizianes face was very disgusting. Its making me want to throw up. Thats some kind of a filler that your body doesnt like. Youve never had anything injected into the nose right? Yes. You have. Mm-hmm. You have some of that yellow, junk filler, whatever it is, in your nose too. Yeah. Okay. All right, your two nostrils. What I would have to do is add tissue from your ear, made out of skin and cartilage, on your right side. I would make it a little bit better, a little bit wider, but to get that round curve, you cant recreate that again. Two, they took all the cartilage that I can use in your ear. If I do do it, it could collapse your ear canal and then you wont be able to hear well. Mm-hmm. The third thing is you have all this filler in your face. Whether youre infected or not, were not sure, especially because of the draining. Most important thing when you go back to Vegas, have that looked at, maybe cultured, maybe put on antibiotics, and watch it. So even if all these things could be fixed, theres one huge issue. You still had a major complication because that pulmonary embolus is no joke. And you will find other plastic surgeons who will wanna do this, dont do it. Cause youre gambling a game youre not going to win. Youre gonna lose your life. Do not do anymore plastic surgery. I cant say that more emphatically. Are you gonna listen to us? Me and the doctors, we are in the same page for sure. Like we think the same way, but to be honest, I dont think Lizianes gonna take the doctors advice. For my nose... maybe. But do you understand how frustrating it is because I wanna fix my nose. Okay will you make me one promise? If you do more surgery, whatever it is, will you make sure you go to a pulmonologist, hematologist, and figure out first what happened? Theyll see if theres scar in your lung, theyll see things. Yeah. Is there anything I can do to minimize the chance of it happening again? Okay. Will you do that? Yeah. Promise? Im pretty appreciative what the doctors told me. Nice to meet you. Bye. But, sorry doctors... but Im not gonna stop doin surgeries. I just wanna cut it... You know cut it and just do like this. Stop. Forget about it. Hello. Hello. How are you? Good. How are you? Im well thank you. Are you ready for the second stage? So ready. I was looking at your before, and this interim after... Its like amazing. Its kind of a little bit of a magic trick. Now lets make it a cosmetic magic trick okay. All right. Sounds good. All right. Lets do this. Today for Melissas second surgery, I will begin by replacing her current implants with slightly larger ones to give her a better breast shape and remove the last bit of scarring that she has on the right side. Its all about just getting a good, cosmetic result. Lets take the implant out. Yeah. A very small implant. 200 and 55 CCs. Okay. And what you can see is that the implant actually, it really helped us. It gave us more padding and a really good pocket. Okay. Lets put this implant in. - 310? - Yeah. Melissa, right now, has about a 63% improvement. What Im always targeting in these complicated cases, is that I wanna get a 93. Thats like an A on the test. So today, Im gonna upsize in hopes of trying to get a good shape. Look at that. Thats much better. Now we have to make this one look like the right one. Yeah. This ones nice and thick too now. Lets close off the pocket a little bit on the outer portion and move the implant mound to the center. Lets do exactly what we did on the other side. Melissa has come really far with her two surgeries and at least right now, it looks like weve got a good result brewing and a high potential for healing. Is it me or is this pretty good? Its very good. Yes! Ooh I think I pulled something. Hi. How are you? Im doin pretty good. Mom. How are you? This is not bad for bruising, well at least, from my other surgeries. I like to hear that. Pleasant surprise is that Sara has minimal bruising around her eyes. Usually when you fracture the nasal bones, especially when someones had trauma in the past, your bruising is a lot more significant. Okay let me just take a peak. Fascia perfect. Just some antibiotic ointment on that and thats it. Yep. Can I see your ribbie? Yep. That looks great. Keep that on. Its okay to get it wet. Okay. Lets see. Head back. That looks good. Okay. So lets talk about the surgery. Okay. The difficult part was the crooked left side of your nasal bone. So for me to try to get that bone out, I had to put cartilage on the inside and mobilize the bone. Oh wow. And I told you before... Right. That it was gonna be difficult, remember how you talked about your skin getting purple... Yeah. And red. During the whole surgery, it looked great. Oh good. And your skin color right now looks great. Awesome. Have you noticed any weird colors of your nose at all, your tip? Uh uh. Nope. All right. Well then you look good. Well, thanks. I hope Santa is still gonna give me a lot of presents. Dr. Nassif, I think youre gonna get whatever you want for Christmas. I will definitely put in a word with the big guy for you. Thank you. My pleasure. To think it all started with Colton and Santa Claus. Hey, guys! Look at you! Hi Mom! Oh. Mom! This surgery has changed every aspect of my life. Melissa!! Look at Melissa! Look at you! Girl you look awesome! This experience has been amazing. I have been dealing with a nose that I didnt like for so long. You know, after having my nose broken by my son, I went through multiple surgeries where each surgery I had a different complication. So I think its just gonna take some time to get used to the idea that I do have a nose that I can be happy to look at now. To think it all started with Colton and Santa Claus. Hey I was young. Its been quite a journey. After a year of, really, hell, going through three surgeries, I feel like its all really up from here. Im in a good place. Hey, guys! Hi, Mom! There she is. Oh. Hey. All right. Hi, Mommy. Mom! Ready for me? All right. Ive been practicing my shot Hi, Mom. Hi. My mom looked pretty before but now shes like ten times more pretty. I just want you to know, I dont blame you. I blame Santa. My son swears hes never gonna do Santa in his house. He was that traumatized. Hes like, "How could you lie to me?" Yeah. And Mama, you have been my little caretaker through everything. And now were on the other side. No more surgeries. No. Its really good to have Sara in a good spot, to have a lot of this behind her, Im glad to see her happy and enjoy what life brings to her. Its just really good to see you. And Im lookin forward to continuing. Well good. Youre keeping me? Youre keeping me? Im keeping you. All right good. Before my surgery, my nose had a crooked L shape, one side was caved in, and the tip would turn red and purple. But now, thanks to Dr. Nassif, my nose is straight, the tip doesnt change colors, and I just cannot stop lookin at it and I gotta give a shout out to Santa. Santa is the best part of Christmas, dont ruin that for your future children. All right. Should we play? Yeah! Okay lets do it. I call first. Just watch your club there buddy. We dont need to mess this up okay? Ill be careful, Mom. Okay. This surgery has changed every aspect of my life. My outlook on life, period, has changed. You go from having implants, then to having nothing, and, ugh, I dont even like to think about what I looked like previously. So how does Melissa feel about everything now? Does she like whats happened? Of course! Well, good. I mean, now she takes her bra off, she looks in the mirror, and she goes, wow, you know... Look at me, Mom! Before, it used to hurt me when I saw her take off her bra. Oh yeah. Hey, ladies. Oh my god! Look at Melissa! Wow!! Oh my gosh! Look at you! Girl, you look awesome! Thank you. Im a different person now. I actually have boobs. Theyre very perky, like incredibly perky. Like I dont really need a bra. And I feel incredibly gorgeous and feminine and I love that. I was walking down the street here and this guys like, nice mmm. And Im like, do I take that as a compliment. Yes you would. Im gonna take that as a compliment. Melissa looks absolutely beautiful. I hope that she finds happiness, love. I look forward to maybe even trying to set her up on some private dates with some available men that I know. You know, it takes that confidence building to get you to realize everything that I was missing in my life. I moved out of my moms now. I got my act together. I have missed time I need to make up for. Oh boy. But I do miss you. Dont you miss me? Yes I do... occasionally. Melissa looks so happy. Shes smiling from ear to ear. Shes got her confidence back and it makes me feel so good. Its been a long road but boy is it worth it. Shes her old self and thats all I couldve asked for. Im so thankful to Dr. Dubrow, like, he truly did a fantastic job. He really wanted to see me happy and whole again. I truly am thankful. Hes like a God, serious. Before my surgery, my breasts were like a shredded meat fest. My nipples were surrounded by scars, my breasts were so uneven, and I had no implants. I had to wear inserts in my bra and my self-esteem was nonexistent. But now, thanks to Dr. Dubrow, my breasts are beautiful. They are scar free, symmetrical, and so perky I dont need any extra padding. I dont mind lookin in a mirror. I definitely dont mind being looked at by others. Cause I know I look good and I know they know I look good. So its all good now. Happy boobs. They definitely are perky and very happy. Hi. Shes back. You might remember me from last season. You can wink them or something cant you? This looks like a silicone bomb inside of Christines breast. Those jackets. Can we try them on for a second? Yes! Okurr. My name is Krystal and I have pubic hair growing out of my cheek. Its tight. Ooh thats scary for me. Okay. OpenSubtitles recommends using Nord VPN from 3.49 USD/month ----> osdb.link/vpn 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 