Botched: Season 6, Episode 9 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Botched 
 s6e9 - Zombie Breasts - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Botched (2014–…): Season 6, Episode 9 - Zombie Breasts - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 I was brushing my teeth - and my implant fell out. - Your implant just fell out? The hole was that big, the implant fell right out of it? It was a few holes. This is scary, actually. I dont want to awaken the zombie within here. I am screwed. My nose looks like I have a butt sticking out of it. And I went into a E-N-T. She pulled those stuffing out, and I screamed so loud, I felt like my brain being pulled out of my head. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 My goal is to be the perfect bimbo doll. These little, bitty stretch marks...  Uh-hmm. ...thats the beginning of breast in distress. Thats not the look. We want breasts... Right. Oh, yeah. Stay there, Trisha. Dont move. My name is Trisha, aka "Jaw Dropping" James. I would like bigger boobs and bottom line, I need my jawline to match my feminine beauty. I just feel like my jaw is too masculine, and I wish it was more... boop. I was a weird kid growing up. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 I was very shy and I was really insecure. I always wore sunglasses all the time, even at night time. I was uncomfortable in my skin cause I was born male, and on the inside I always knew I was a girl. I used to draw pictures when I was in high school of like, you know, just like very exaggerated women. I was a big fan of like Amanda Lapore. I used to tell like my art teacher, Im like, "Im gonna look like this one day," and she would look at me like, "Okay." When I started my physical transition was when I was 20 years old and I started taking hormones. My first surgery was my first boob job and my first nose job. And that was in 2014. My first implant size was very small, 200 CCs, cause that was kind of all that they could fit under my little tight skin. My next surgery was 700 CCs, and they made my nipples smaller as well. The smaller the nipple, the bigger the boob looks. Know what I mean? For my third boob job was probably about a year after, and I got a little over 1200 CCs. I just wanted them to look more fake and more like porn star. Two months prior to my third boob job, I got my jaw shaved and I told them, like, Im like, "Dude, I want no remnants. I want it tiny AF." Id rather you take too much than too little. I felt like the doctor did something, but they didnt go, eh, enough. It was so huge and swollen for, like, months. And I couldnt brush my teeth for a week. Girl... It was disgusting. Overall, Ive probably spent about $75,000 on plastic surgery. Ive had three boob jobs, two nose jobs, a jaw shave, a lip lift, and a ton of fillers. And then Trisha James was born. My goal is to be the perfect bimbo doll. Im gonna go see Dr. Nassif and Dr. Dubrow to get my boobies bigger. And Im hoping that these doctors, unlike the last doctor, go in on this chin. I want the Ferrari of chins. I went to Dominican Republic to have my implants put in and my implants fell out in my hands. My name is Judy and I got done dirty in the Dominican Republic. And now Im left with bottomless boobs. Oh, my God, thats so adorable. All right, lets check it out. After eight months, two surgeries, wound VACs, I was left with a massacre. That doesnt... look bad. Will you start? All right, the scars below. Try it with the shirt. Look, you can see my scars. Emotionally, it was terrible to deal with. I literally cry every single day for eight months. Like, honestly, seeing you go through what you went through. I was like, "Oh, my God. I cant even believe this is, like, real life." It was terrible. I almost died. I dont know if Dr. Dubrow can do something for me, but Im hoping he can. I definitely know that hes dealt with a lot of difficult cases. I feel like Im still young, Im single, and I want to get my life going. I dont want to be alone forever. Ill just be single forever. Oh, dont say that. Im hoping for the best. Another interesting patient? This is a patient named Judy, who had had two surgeries. The first in Columbia. But it wasnt until she had the second one, in the Dominican Republic, that the disasters actually occurred. Let me show you this, Paul. Look at this. What? Does that look like a knife stab or something? Its a complicated case. Can you please send in Judy? - Judy. - Hello. Nice to meet you. Dr. Nassif. How are you? Nice to meet you. Im good, and you? Hi. Terry Dubrow. Pleasure to meet you. Nice to meet you. I want to get right into it. Your complication is basically from the Dominican Republic by way of Columbia. I first went to Columbia to have a tummy tuck, a BBL, and a breast augmentation because I was done having children. Okay. So I had four kids. How old are your kids? I have a 20-year-old, a 15-year-old, a 14-year-old, and an 8-year-old. Tw-- Twenty? Wow. Yes. And how old are you? Yeah. Youre-- What are you? 35? Im 37. Im about to be a grandmother. Young grandmother, huh? Probably the youngest one Ive ever heard of. So go ahead. What happened? So then, I went to the Dominican Republic... After two and a half years having the breasts implants in, it felt like a lot of pressure on my chest. I had back pain, I couldnt sleep. I then decided to have my implants changed to smaller sizes. It was a terrible experience. I went to the recovery house. I was so sick. I came back to the United States, immediately went to the hospital cause I was running a fever. I started getting wounds on my incisions. Redness? Wounds. Opening up? Its like theyre opening. Okay, here we go. So it was like white-- - The problem is declaring itself. - Yeah. - So the cells are dying. - Uh-hmm. So when I went to the hospital in the States, they then, like, packed it. They didnt refer you to a plastic surgeon? They did. And? So when I went to the plastic surgeon, Id seen his PA first, and she was checking it, and she was going like this, and feeling it, and then, pop. One fell out right in her hand, and she was-- What do you mean one fell out? One-one what fell out? My implant fell out. Your implant just fell out? The hole was that big, the implant fell right out of it? It was a few holes that were like opening up. So it just went poof. It just... boom. And she was hysterical. Shes like, "Ive never seen this before." Neither have I, by the way. I dont think any of us have ever seen something... So, um, I went home. They scheduled me for a surgery. That was the right breast that had just popped out? That was the right. Uh-hmm. What happened to the left? The day of surgery, I was brushing my teeth, - and I felt like a pop. - A pop. What do you mean? The implant fell onto your stomach or in the sink? It was in my shirt. Last time I checked, having your implants out while brushing your teeth is not ideal. - I have the implant. - Wait. Whoa, whoa, whoa. This implant fell right out of your breast into your shirt? Yeah. This did. Yes. Let me see this. So thats silicone. This is silicone. So it just popped out? Yes. Your implant went, "See ya." So did you walk in with this and what did they say? No. They told me to just throw it away, but I didnt want to throw it away. I kept it for memories. - By the way, its clean, isnt it? - It is. I cleaned it. I cleaned it for you guys. No. It didnt just fall out of her breast. You know... I think I need to go sterilize my hands. They told me that I had contracted two antibiotic resistant bacterias. - One in each breast. - Yeah. They told me that I would need to have wound VACs in and that I would have to stay in the hospital for two weeks. The wound VAC shoots up fluid into my breast. So it was like killing whatever was inside, and then it would suck it out. It was so painful. You know what the problem is, is that-- that second surgeon in the Dominican Republic cut out the bloody supply to the breast tissue. It slowly started to die and turn into basically a zombie breast. Youre getting very sick, but you dont know because the surface looks okay, but theres a zombie growing below. Wow. And as that zombie is-- becoming a whole zombie-- What are you? A friggin actor? No, Im saying that the tissue overlying-- Come on. My, God. Its going from like a deep zombie to a more superficial zombie. Okay. Whatever, man. Lets go examine, okay? Okay. Youre missing the entire lower portion of the breast. Your lower poles are gone. Theyre just not there. Ive known you two before you were married. We knew you too before you were married. We knew you what, three wives ago? Oh. So, when you look at your breasts, breasts are basically divided into four poles-- upper, outer, lower, inner, right? And so you have an upper. Its slightly deflated. You certainly have outer poles. But your lower poles are gone. Theyre just not there. Youre missing the entire lower portion of the breast. One of the fundamental difficulties of your situation is that theres very little distance between your natural crease here, and the areola. The fact that Judy no longer has a lower pole... makes it really difficult to conceptually figure out how to make her a normal breast. We can try to recruit tissue from the inner and outer portions to the lower portions to make you a lower pole. Or do we need to add something? A volume of some kind. Obviously, in the form of breast implants... to give you a better shot at a normal breast contour. The problem with breast implants is that youve had breast implants before. They were a disaster, plus this tissue is not the most friendly to a breast implant. Obviously, I would much rather not use implants. What does your gut tell you that you might choose? Whatever you feel is best when you see whats going on in there. Hmm. Huh. Hmm. Cause I figure you have to see whats going on inside first. Hmm. Huh. Hmm. - We like hearing that. - Uh-huh. So lets explore that. Okay. I can theoretically make incisions, get a feel for how much blood supplys in the tissue, and then access whether implants are worth the risk. Yes. And youre about to become a grandmother. - I want to be a GILF. - A GILF. Do you know what a GILF is? I know what it-- Yes. Wow. His-his brain has been taken over by zombies. You know, it took me a little second. A GILF is a grandma Id like. Thank you so much. Great to meet you. Thank you so much. Thank you. Thank you. Pleasure meeting you. Nice meeting you. Theres not enough makeup in the world to cover up this ugly looking nose. My name is Rose, but trust me, Roses nose blows. After two failed surgeries, my nose looks like I have a butt sticking out of it. I was born in Yerevan, Armenia, and I was "blessed" with an Armenian nose. Not. The Armenian hook is having your nose start from your forehead down, and its a big, huge eagle hook. I always knew my nose was weird. As a kid I was bullied because of my nose. I despited going to school, waking up the next morning, and, um, going to that emotional abuse. It was an emotional abuse. At the age of 17-18, I said, "Mother, were gonna have to figure something out to get rid of this thing on my face." My first consultational was in Los Angeles, California. I didnt care if he was the best doctor or he wasnt the best doctor. It didnt matter to me. I said, "When are we getting this done? I can change into my gown now." Unfortunately, he pretty much half-assed the surgery. I ended up with this bulkiness here and a big butt on my face. You excited? Im very excited. Im ready to roll, girl. Over the years, my breathing situation got worse and worse and worse. So 17 years after my first surgery, I went back for a septoplasty. Coming out of the surgery, I had big, huge stuffings in my nose like a turkey. But when I went in to get those removed, she pulled those stuffings out and I screamed so loud, I felt like my brain being pulled out of my head. And now, after two surgeries later, I still look like a hot mess. I definitely think when she pulled the packing out, she pulled something out because this started separating. At this point, my nose is horrible to look at. I still cant breathe and my major goal is to get rid of this butt on my face. Ive been getting into staying home and just relaxing. Wheres the dog? The dog-- I have to play ball with him for 20 minutes when I get home everyday. Yeah. I have to throw him the ball. Have to have his two balls. How big is he now? Probably about that big. Chunky. And hes fully trained? What if I walk into your house... Alone? Then hell go crazy. Hell attack me? His mouth now is about that big. Okay, by the way, never going near your dog. No. He-- But hes such a-- One little bite to my hand, Im done. He is such a sweet boy. All he cares about is playing ball. And biting people. Aw, no wonder why you are a cat person. Terry, youre a pussy. So we have a lovely Armenian patient. Big hump, overdid the tip. That to me looks like a nose that collapsed progressively over time. Over time. Can you please send in Rose? Hello. Come on in. What did that mean? Does mean "How are you"?  How are you? Im hoping they can tell me if Im an alien or I just have a horrible nose or surgery gone wrong. So whats the relationship between the two of you? Weve known each other since childhood. So youve been around pre-surgical nose. Yes. Why did you wanna get a rhinoplasty? So I was blessed with the Armenian hook. Bullying came in and people giving you that look. One example that never goes away, and thats, like, scarred for life-- school pictures. The photographer was setting us up. I walked up and she gave me that look, like, ew. So, in other words, that traumatized you. "Lets get this over with." Oh, most definitely. Wait. How old were you? Sixth grade, so what is that? Twelve. Twelve-ish? Rose and I have something in common. When I was in elementary school, first through sixth grade I had a big nose, so I used to get teased about that big middle-eastern hump. Then, at 16, I went and had a nose job. And then, when I got older, we saw this doctor, and we got the nose done. So what happened? I wasnt happy with this here, and the breathing. I couldnt breathe. Fast forward to 2015, and I went into E-N-T. And what is it that your nose-and-throat doctor say to you? "Youre completely shut here." So you had a revision septoplasty? Septoplasty. Correct. Was the functional breathing problem worse after the secondary surgery? So this side I could breathe out of much more than this side. Im coming up on 40 soon. Before my 40th, this things gonna have to go away. I want this butt gone. It depends on your examination to see what can we do for you. Excellent. Thanks, Doc. So lets go do that. Do you think I could wear this one to meet the doctors? No, absolutely not. I dont think its appropriate. Sexy, sexy. This is scary, actually. I dont wanna awaken the zombie within here. Im screwed. All right, first thing, interesting, your bones are asymmetric. So see how this bone is a lot fatter than this bone? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So let me just feel it here. So you have really thin skin. So this bump is higher on this side. Part of the bone. What is that, Doc? Well, this is bone up here. Yeah. And a little bit of cartilage. Theres an open-roof deformity. That means the nasal bones have had the hump removed, but now theres a gap in the bones. They have not been fractured properly to bring them back together. This is your butt youre talking about here. Mm-hm. So thats actually the pieces of cartilage in your nose that are split apart. Examining Roses nose, there are three immediate things I identify. They took too much cartilage from the middle vault, took too much cartilage from the septum and over resected the cartilage in the tip, causing bossae, which are sharp points, the residual cartilage left at the tip. Thats why she has these problems. So I know youve been talking about your breathing, and its been a big, big issue. Mm-hm. We may improve your breathing a little bit. Ill give you maybe 10, 15%. Okay, Ill take that. Now lets talk about the cosmetic part. Can I make you better? Yes. I need strong cartilage to keep your nose straight. Where am I getting it from? Underneath your right breast... Yes. ...an incision about that big. Take out a little piece of rib, and we use that to help reconstruct your nose. Okay. Whats the recovery process from the rib component of it? Feels like you did about a thousand sit-ups. - Its not that-- Ive had rib taken from me twice. - Okay. Okay. Okay? It hurts. But its not that horrible. Right. Right. When did you ever do a thousand sit-ups? Now we gotta check it out. Actually I maybe have done at the most 200. Yeah, over what, four weeks? No, no, no. On second thought, I do believe Pauls done a thousand sit-ups. If you count the number of times he sits up from the couch to go to the refrigerator to get a snack, thats way over a thousand. So you wanna go for this? Yes. All Im asking for is to look normal, so whatever percentage can help with the breathing, Ill take it. Pleasure meeting you. Good luck. Pleasure. Thanks. Pleasure. Thanks, Doc. Likewise. Yes. Best friends forever. I need to find an outfit to meet our distinguished panel of judges, aka the doctors. Jesse and I are fraternal twins. People always have, like, this idea of twins, like, they have, like this psychic connection, and we dont have psychic abilities. I dont wanna know what hes thinking. He drives me crazy, but... So you excited for the doctors? Im super excited to meet the doctors. I wanna do my boobs bigger. You know, Ive been wanting those bigger. And I want my nips to be a little bit more, like, higher, like, porn star nips. You know what I mean? Higher up? Yes. To give them the look. Thats a look, huh? And I really want them to do my chin. I think Dr. Nassif and Dr. Dubrow for sure could help me with my chin. They might not wanna help me with my boobs because they might think its too much, but Im gonna ask them anyways. Im gonna try to charm them. All right, lets see it. Ooh, um-- What do you think? What? Is this what I should wear to meet the doctors in? I dont know if thats the look for-- ...to meet them in. Oh. I dont know about this jacket. I love the top. I really like the top with the jacket. Oh, shes-- shes a slippin. Ooh. Next outfit. Ooh. Sparkly. Its very... me. Do you think I could wear this one to meet the doctors? No, absolutely not. You dont think they would appreciate it? Nope. They might appreciate it, but I dont think its appropriate. Sexy, sexy. "Trisha, were in public." Act accordingly. - Hi, Judy. - Hello. How are you? Im good. How are you? Im good. Are you excited? I am. A little nervous. I would be super nervous. Ive had two surgeries already. The first one was too big. Second one fell out. Hopefully this surgery will help me put all of this behind me and move forward with my life. The big question today really is, "Do we use implants or not?" I just wanna look normal, and I want it to look good. Do-- As opposed to looking abnormal and bad. Yes. Okay. Yeah, cause I didnt really plan on the abnormal and bad thing anyway. Good. My first move with Judy today is to try to give her a good shape without using implants. If Im unable to get a good shape, then I may have to resort to implants, but I really dont want to because if you dont have breast implants, you cant have a breast implant complication. Today, for Judys surgery, I will start by excising her scars and manipulate the breast tissue to give her a nice shape without implants. Finally, I will perform a breast lift on both sides, hopefully achieving the projection and size Judy desires. Very dangerous case potentially. The problem is this, this scar. This scar has cut off the blood supply, and thats normally where the blood supply comes from. All right, lets cut her around the areola. You know this tissue doesnt have very good blood supply, so if you stress this tissue too much, by elevating it up to much, it wont survive. Look how poorly it bleeds already. In order to achieve a good breast shape with Judy, I need intact blood supply. The problem is, she has scars that go right across where that blood supply needs to come from in order to heal wounds. Im not sure that if I take her apart and reshape her, that that blood supply may be robust enough to heal my breast wounds, and thats scary. We cut-- We cut all of this. This is scary, actually. I dont wanna awaken the zombie within here. Im screwed. She lost all the tissue underneath this part of the breast. That nipple may just say bye-bye. We both played with Barbies. You did? We did. Paul also has an obsession with dolls... the inflatable type. So theres no blood supply at all to the nipple coming from the bottom. Completely disconnected. She lost all the tissue underneath this part of the breast. So the only blood supply is coming from the top. If I put an implant in there, that nipple may just say bye-bye. Because of the amount of scar tissue and the lack of good blood supply that I can see during the surgery, I think to put breast implants in would set her up for an almost certain failure and would lead to another set of complications that might be even harder to fix. Okay, well know in a few seconds whether or not this tissue can keep things alive. Theres some bleeding. I think we can probably do this. Dont you? I think you can do it. I need to be able to release this tissue right here to be able to fold the sides together. All right, lets staple this up and see whats going on. Judy puts me into a very difficult situation. I dont want her to have implants. Theyre clearly not suitable for her, but do I have enough breast fullness and symmetry, and will she be happy with that result? I mean, its kind of a Jennifer Aniston, Kendall Jenner type vibe. Isnt it? Yes. Very in style. Okay, I think this ones looking kind of encouraging, and its alive. So Im pretty pleased with the shape that I have with Judys breasts right now, and the idea of doing any more surgery to put in breast implants takes her to a risk place that she doesnt need to go. Okay, lets sit this up, please. Huh. Doink. Magic wand. Bink. Not bad, huh? Lets close this up. Good morning, my little Armenian princess. Hello, Dr. Nassif. You had a lot of bullying, a lot of stress due to this nose. This has been a big emotional journey for you. How do you feel this morning? You just summed it up. Its been a long, long waiting. Um, excited more than anything ever. Lets see, is there... Gonna get you a little something. We dont have any Kleenex, but we have a little gauze. That works. With Rose, she feels that her tip looks like a butt, so our goal is to bring the bones in, make the bones a little bit more even, basically make the nose look good. Lets go kick some butt. Actually remove that butt. We gotta remove that butt from her nose. For Roses surgery today, I will start by opening the nose and take down the hump on her dorsum. Then I will fracture her bones to close her open-roof deformity and use spreader grafts from the harvested rib to open up Roses airway. Finally I will use a septal extension graft to help straighten her nose and place perichondrium on the bossae to soften the tip. Skin hook, 15 blade. Mm-hm. Okay, the skins really thin here, so, you know, its important because we dont-- pop through the skin. My first part of attack after opening up the nose is you take down the boney hump. What, youre dissecting out the rib now? Mm-hm. Im taking the tip apart right now and deconstruct it first before we start the reconstruction. The good news, though-- I mean, we are going to be pushing the tip back. Thats gonna make it a little snappy. Well fracture the turbinates a little bit. So Im gonna perform a turbinate out factor This will help open her airway even more. Cute piece of rib. Oh, ribs coming out. All right, now lets fracture the bones. Go. Go. Stop. Let me just feel it. Hold on. Give me one pop right there. Go. Go. Okay, now the bones mobile. Okay, I like that. All right, lets start slowly doing the tip reconstruction. When Im working on the reconstruction of any nose, my mind becomes like a nasal architect. I feel that I could add some small pieces of cartilage thats gonna help with the sides of the nose and make the butt part of her nose look better. I just hope she approves of my decision. Great, great job. Thank you, everybody. Thank you. So I get a pair of fraternal twins coming in. Its almost like feminizing surgery thats shes had. So these were fraternal boy twins. So youre right. Looks like a lot of plastic surgery, but whats the big problem? The chin. She wants to see if we could, you know, if we can drill that down. So lets meet them. Yeah, for sure. Can you please send in Trisha? Hello. Hi. Trisha, hi. How are you? Im feeling nervous, but dont get me wrong, girl. Tits are coming out. So welcome. Thank you. We know that youre a plastic surgery aficionado. Yes. Thats a big word. And that you guys are fraternal twins. Yes. Uh-huh. Were you guys close growing up? We shared a bedroom till we were, like, 23. Twenty-four-- yeah. Really? Yeah. Super close. - Yeah. - Best friends. We definitely are best friends. We are... So was it obvious that she was a girl? Um, yeah. She was a girl. When I started my physical transition, he kind of started his, too, and he did hormones, too. Oh, yeah, I took steroids and everything like that. To get muscular. For-- For muscles. - Yeah. - Muscular and everything. So she tried to be more feminine, and I tried to be more masculine. You look very feminine. - Thank you. - Youre a girl. Thank-- Well, thank you. Theres no question about it. You were born a girl. Thank you, thank you. I was born this way. No doubt. Whats your excuse? What happened? Dr. Dubrow-- hes a shady queen. Hes a shady one. Him, yeah, he shady. When did all this start? I started the physical transition about ten years ago, with hormones. And then the surgeries were about, like, probably five years ago. How many jaw surgeries? Just one. Youve had one. Just one, yeah. Any numbness from the previous bone shaving? Yeah, I cant feel half my face. Really? Yeah, I have numbness here, and then I cant feel, like, above my lip either. Really? And breasts, how many times total? - Three. - Three. What type-- What size implants do you have in there? 1200. Wow. So your skin stretched. And she aint done yet. What are your goals? Um, I wanna do a bit more to my chin. I wanna shave it more. Anything else or thats it for us? I wanna get my boobs bigger. Bigger? Bigger. And I want more porn star looking boobs. I feel like the nips are more like in a natural position. I want them, like, higher up, like more, you know. So you want a very plastic surgery look. Yes. And you want us to help us achieve that for you? Yes. I love big boobs and I want them bigger. Go big or go home, and Im not going home today. No, maam. I loved your nose. I love my nose, too, Doc. You love it already? You havent even seen it yet. I love it already. The big question today is, are the nipples alive-- If I see any sign of a zombie forming, dragonglass right in the eye. You know what Im talking about. Before we start, I have a question. Whats the question? Because we both have twins. Aw. Yes. So we have a big twin experience. So who came out first? I did. Im two minutes older. You played with the same kind of toys and stuff like that? Yeah. We did. Yeah, we both played with Barbies. - You did? - You did? Yeah. Yeah. So you played with Barbie. You wanna be a Barbie. Yeah. Yes. Our stepdad actually used to call us Barbie boys. Barbie boys. Barbie boys. Interestingly, Paul also has an obsession with dolls, the inflatable type. So we have 1200 CCs saline implants, right? Yes. Under the muscle or on top? On top. On top. Okay, the normal distance between the bottom of the areola and the crease is usually about seven or eight. Mm-hm. And you are, you know, 9 1/2 already. You cant raise the areola by doing an areola lift. Yeah. Cause you just-- the skins too tight. Mm-hm. So the only possible way to raise the areola is to drop the mound. But Im concerned. This is so tight that if you drop this even a little bit, youre going to get that double bubble. Yeah. Ever heard of that? Like bottoming out? Bottoming out and then this blip-blip, double contour thing. Yeah. Right. Which is not very attractive. A double bubble is where the attachments from the breast to the chest wall are disrupted and you get a double contour. Trishas been very lucky up to this point, and if she goes any bigger at all, and she gets a double bubble, that will be very unsightly and probably extraordinarily difficult to reverse. Theoretically you might be able to get away with going bigger, although these little, bitty stretch marks... Mm-hm. Thats the beginning of breasts in distress. Oh. And that will get worse, too, if you go bigger. Yeah? Who wants breasts in distress? Thats not the look we want. - Breasts... - right. So I wanna do a little something here. Yes. This is sharp. Okay. Tell me about this. Sharp? No. Dull. Yeah, more over there. Okay, so right here its off. Trishas jaw does have a good amount of nerve damage because of the chin shave, which is very common, but overall it looks pretty good, and what Im worried about-- so if I operate on her chin, Im gonna make the nerve damage worse. So let me tell you what can be done. Mm-mm. And what are some of the risks. This part-- yeah, you could do a little bit. You are at more risk for injuring the two nerves. Two things could happen if you hit the nerve. One, youre numb, which would be the less of the two evils. Two-- you create chronic pain, and that pain in here, if that happens, it can ruin your life. Oh, wow. The last thing you wanna do is have a problem speaking. Right. If your lower lips doesnt work normally, imagine smiling and one side just stays up. I was a little nervous after I did this lip lift. It kind of looked affected for a second. Really. Well... It hurt to do... Things. Opening my mouth... Yeah, yeah. But this time you go through scar tissue, which means more swelling. The more swelling you have, the more pain you have while youre healing. I cant go through that swelling again. I dont wanna go through with the chin surgery because I dont wanna have no droopy lip, but my surgery journey is not stopping here. I have, like, a surgery list. You know? For sure. Pleasure meeting both of you. Thank you. So nice meet you, pleasure. Thank you and hopefully you dont meet us in the future. Well... Please welcome Dr. Paul Nassif and Dr. Terry Dubrow. Hi. Hi, how are you? Hi, Heather. Heathers got a really big podcast called Heather Dubrows World that Paul and I occasionally like to go on to discuss important issues in plastic surgery. Plus, its a lot of fun to make fun of Paul on it. Ive know you, too, before you were married. We knew you too before you were married. We knew you, what, three wives ago? Oh. Oh. Obviously Terrys my husband, but I feel like youre his other spouse... Yes. ...at work. So what is it that Terry does at work thats so irritating? The constant teasing. Aw. I feel like we need sad music right now. Saying Im fat. He tells me Im fat. Insulting me in front of patients. I make fun of you... Yes, you do all the time. ...in front of patients? Today you have met Supa Woman. "Supa" means super. I get that. Okay? But what is Supa Wo-- Like supa dumb. Moms taller than you, Paul. You need a super hero now. Okay. You need a guy from Planet Obesius. Ill obese this. I love him. Hes awesome. You know what? I love you both. Really? Yeah. And, uh... Youve got a very intact ego, which is amazing, considering what you look like. Yeah, I love you too, Terry. Thank you guys so much for being here. And thank you guys all for listening. Bye. That was fun. Great job. - Lovely ladies. - Hello. How are you? Good, sir. How are you? How are you feeling? Awesome. I love that beautiful color of your eyes. I do too. Thats beautiful. I could care less about the bruising. This is my upside-down eye shadow, and gonna rock it until it goes away. So first of all open up the nose, and there was a little bit of deviation towards the front on the left, so I did do a little bit of revision septoplasty. So I did add a piece of cartilage to the right just to make it look better and make the top look more even. And when I was done, I loved your nose. And even your airway was better. I love my nose, too, Doc. You love it already? You havent even seen it yet. I love it already. How can you tell? Thank you. Just-- Tell me. I can just see everything you just described. Like detail by detail I knew exactly what was done to my nose. Dr. Nassif, you are the man. Im just gonna take it off, and then were gonna put it back on again. So you do have some splints in your nose, but that looks fantastic. So you can see now how shes not as projected. Thats right. And the pains not too horrible. Its getting a little better? No pain, no gain, Doc. Youre an artist. Well, our next step-- First of all, thank you both, but the next step more is the healing. I already have a supermodel nose. I dont know what youre talking about. Love hearing that, girl. You take care of yourself. Im gonna see you later. I wanna get all that stuff off you. Absolutely. Congratulations. Thank you so much. Thank you both. Pleasure. Thank you. When that 40 hits, and the rockiness look that I got going on here, posing, doing selfies. Im gonna rock it. ♪ I just noticed that your shirt matches your eyes. I did that on purpose. Youre gonna do a cat walk for your nose. Yeah. The whole pose action. This journey has been long, but now, thanks to Dr. Nassif, life has been awesome. This is the best 40th birthday present ever. Hello, ladies! - Hi. - Hello, hi. How are you guys? How are you? Good. I think you know I didnt use implants. Didnt you? Yes. How can you tell? Yes. Because theyre not as projecting as they would be with implants. Yeah, and I-- Like, I know what it feels like to have the implants in, so I dont have that feeling. So... Totally. I felt great yesterday, like I wasnt in a lot of pain. Okay, good. Felt really good. In order to get a reasonable shape, I really had to take things pretty much apart, and it wouldve been very unsafe to put implants in. The big question today is, are the nipples alive and preliminarily, what is the shape look like? If I see any sign of a zombie forming, dragonglass right in the eye. You know what Im talking about. See? Weve got fullness up here. Yeah. All right. Ooh. That look, like, amazing. They do look good, Judy. Okay, so the good new-- nipples are alive. Totally pink. I love it. Thank you. Youre welcome. Im just gonna-- hold on a second. Im just gonna-- oh, its happening. Its happening. Look. Its happening. Aw! I cant help myself. I feel more confident. Im gonna be the GILF of GILFs. All right, have a great day, you guys. Thank you. They really look good. I told you. They do. Almost cried. I was like, "Dont cry." Ive been wanting to have great looking breasts, and after my surgery in the Dominican Republic, which resulted in my implants falling out, I was left with two breasts that looked like somebody had massacred them, and now theyre perky, theyre standing up, they do their thing. I am a lot happier. I can dress the way I want. And Im loving it. Are you excited? Im so excited. I cant wait to see her. Yeah? Yeah. She looks good, but I havent seen her dressed up yet, so Im super excited to see her. Yeah, she has so much positive vibes. Hey, guys. Oh, my God, Judy! Judy, oh-- You look so good. You look amazing. Thank you. Can you do a little... Wow. Judy definitely looks amazing today. Her outfit looks great. Shes like walking with confidence. Shes glowing. Its great to see her look like this. How do you feel? And I dont have to wear a bra. Well, you dont like wearing those regardless. Hey, if I had boobs like Judy, I wouldnt wear bras either. I went through a rough patch, you know, and you guys seen everything I went through. You guys helped me, so, you know, I really appreciate it, and I wanted to share this with you guys, so... Cheers? Cheers. To my new boobs. "To my new boobs." Before my surgery, I got done dirty in the Dominican Republic. I lost the bottom of both my breasts, and I was left both physically and emotionally scarred. I was so self-conscious about the way I looked, I couldnt get myself to date. And I was afraid I would be single for ever, but now, thanks to Dr. Dubrow, my scars are gone, and now I have two full perky, implant-free breasts. Feel like a hot grandmother. Single and ready to mingle. Ooh. Wow, seriously. Ooh, can we follow them? Yeah, wanna come with us? - Yeah. - Coming. Hi. When is she getting here? Soon. This journey has been long. After two failed surgeries, I couldnt breathe, and add an ugly looking nose, but now, thanks to Dr. Nassif, life has been awesome. Its been a huge improvement. I finally got what I wanted. I love my new nose. This is the best 40th birthday present ever. Today is not only her big day where her dream came true. Its also her birthday celebration. Right? Yes, two in one. So, Anna, growing up, what did you hear about your mom wishing? To get her nose done before she turned 40, so... Yes. Now its coming true. My mom is a rock star. She never puts herself first, so she really deserves a beautiful nose on her beautiful face. Hello, ladies! Whoo! Wow! Whoo! Watch the nose. Watch the nose. Gotta watch the nose. Yes. She deserves it. Having a new, beautiful nose. Im kind of jealous. Because of you, this was all possible. You were by my side throughout the whole time. Your wish came true, babe. I love you, sweetheart. Thank you so much. Appreciate you. Now lets go party. Im ready. Lets go party! Ive been waiting to party forever. Whoo! Yes. As a kid I was bullied because of my nose. Before my surgery, I had a hump, a dip, and a butt tip. And since the surgery, I finally have the nose Ive been chasing since I was a teenager. And its straight with the pretty tip, and finally I can put my past behind me. Any comment about my nose is gonna be, "Girl, you are rocking that nose." Front and center. Are you ready for this, Mom? Boom. Smiles. Cheese! If I had a guess, Ive probably spent over a million dollars to look like Barbie. Plastic is fantastic. Oh-oh! I just noticed that. My side was like I swallowed a football. These are all the intestines coming out. This is a problem, man. This is a big problem. That skin is extremely thin. Oh, my gosh. This is swollen, right? It looks to me twice the size. Everything will get better. Oh, my God. Hey! Wait a minute. Wait a minute. Where the hell are we going? OpenSubtitles recommends using Nord VPN from 3.49 USD/month ----> osdb.link/vpn 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 