Botched: Season 6, Episode 10 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Botched 
 s6e10 - Bunny Boobs & Pooch Patrol - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Botched (2014–…): Season 6, Episode 10 - Bunny Boobs & Pooch Patrol - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 If I had to guess, Ive probably spent over a million dollars to look like Barbie. The big question is if youve had more plastic surgery or youve had more plastic surgery. Who do you think? Im a very beautiful man. [man] My side looks like I swallowed a football. [Dr. Dubrow] This is really difficult to fix and really unusual. [Dr. Nassif] I dont know how the heck you can actually do that. These are all the intestines coming out. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 This is a problem, man. This is a big problem. In middle school, people started calling me Scottie Pippen Nose. [Dr. Nassif] That skin is extremely thin. Im just worried that Im gonna pop right through the skin. Oh, my gosh. This is, like, swollen, right? It looks to me twice the size. [Dr. Nassif] Everything will get better. [sirens blaring] [distorted voice] Get on-- inside of the car. Ah! Son of a biotch. [distorted voice] Get in the back of the car and shut up. Oh, my God. Wait a minute. Wait a minute. Where the hell are we going? [male singer] ♪ I wanna be sexy ♪ 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 ♪ I wanna be hot ♪ ♪ Fix me, make me beautiful ♪ ♪ I wanna be perfect ♪ [female singer] ♪ Wake up and I live the dream ♪ [man] Nice. There you go. Thats cute. Yeah. Have fun. Barbie in the sun. Yes. [female singer] ♪ Im living my best life ♪ My names Nannette and Im the boss bitch Barbie of Northern Kentucky. And Im looking to downsize some of my accessories. And yes, Im talking about my boobs. These things. Theyre so heavy. So heavy and so big. And I have loose skin in the middle. If I had to guess, Ive probably spent over a million dollars to look like Miss Barbie. [repeats] Ching, ching, ching... And its freaking expensive, but its well worth it. And you know what, I deserve it. My breasts to my makeup, my hair, my tanning, my gym, my pink car, all my jewelry. Ive had my upper eye lids done. Botox in my forehead, cheek filler, chin filler, and right at the moment, I have a lip implant. Ive had my teeth done with veneers. And these H breasts are 700-CC silicone implants. Yes. Perfect. Thats cute. Sexy Barbie. Barbie and I-- we used to hang back in the day. And, uh, she was my idol. And then 12 years ago, I had this fantastic idea that I wanted to look like Barbie. Shes the [bleep], you know, and I wanted to be like that. With Barbie, its like, here she is, but what does she do? A lot of people judge me and think that, you know, I dont do anything, but no, I cook, and I clean, and I have a wonderful, amazing husband with six children. Barbie mom. Being pregnant all the time, I would always have to wait and then Id get my Botox ASAP after I gave birth, you know. So it was kind of difficult because, you know, you want to look a certain way. [man] Nice. [woman] You look so pretty. [woman 2] She looks so gorgeous. Shes perfect. I know I look good. Like, Im not trying to be conceited, but in my 40s, I was Playmate of the Year 2018 for Playboy Slovakia. Its been a ride and, and Im still on that ride. You know, I feel like you maintenance your car, you gotta maintenance your body. So I think Im ready for my tune-up. My boobs are so heavy, Im gonna downsize them to B for Barbie. To a B? Youre gonna go from H to B? You never know. I started noticing, like, uh, my skin changing, like a little loose skin there, and it bothers me. Think it would be smoother and everything if I downsized these tatas. Ta-ta-ta-ta-ta. [man] Give me that Barbie smile. Beautiful. Let me see your hands. My name is Wesley. Im from Cornelia, Georgia, and Im a police officer. The vehicles clear of people. I beat kidney cancer, but Im left with this big poochy-pooch on my side. My side looks like I swallowed a football. I always played jokes about if I was gonna get... One more time. Go! Over. Stay on that weaker side. There you go. Two years ago, I got married to Amanda. There you go. Push through. [Wesley] Its been the best thing that Ive ever done in my life. My wifes a personal trainer. Shes been there for me. She knows the problems I have with my side. [Amanda] Doing good on time, babe. [Wesley] I love my life as a police officer. So its very important to keep training up because youre dealing with a lot of core, and I have no core strength whatsoever with my pooch. [Amanda] Come on. Keep pushing, keep pushing. Good job. [Wesley] When I was 32 years old, I started getting this excruciating pain right in the center of my chest. The doctor said, "You got kidney cancer, and its the size of a softball," and it needed to come out, and it needed to come out now. I was young, I wasnt supposed to have kidney cancer. I had preop and had it taken out the following week. I thought it was over with, but a couple months after I was back at work, my left side where I had cancer just started poochin out. I went back to my kidney doctor, and he said it was something cosmetic. So thats when I seeked out to a plastic surgeon. Immediately after surgery I noticed the pooch looked a lot worse than it did before I went in. I never went back to another follow up. I just thought I was just gonna be deformed for the rest of my life. Lets hope and get some answers and get back to normal. I cant wait to find out what they say the issue is. As a man, Im a straight shooter. Im hoping Dr. Nassif and Dr. Dubrow can shed some light and get me the answers that Im needing. I wont miss it, Ill have to tell you that. Just... Well, weve got plenty of pictures. Yeah. Bye! So... [Dr. Dubrow] Youre a married man now. Im a married man. Take a look at this. Let me see. Wow. Look how big it is. Beautiful. Wow. And theres a little thing in there. Brittany and Paul. And theres a little diamond inside there. Wow. Brittany and I had two ceremonies, and our official wedding ceremony was held in Los Angeles. And believe it or not, Terry was on his best behavior. I love you. I love you. You guys are amazing. So congratulations. I think youve met your match. Thank you. And I just wanna say cheers to Paul and Brittany. So went to Santorini. Okay. Had our blessing, 65 people there. Yes. Okay. Let me show you a few photos. Okay. Oh, yeah. It was nice. [cheering] Look at that dress. I almost fell over. Oh, she looks gorgeous. Shes kissing me and I almost fell over. You can just tell that I was a fun moment. Oh, my gosh. Look at that. Look at the view. Isnt that gorgeous? Wow. Look how pretty Brittany looks. Isnt that? The only reason Paul had two weddings is because last marriage, he only had one, and hes hoping two will really make it work. This case is one of those cases that requires all nine years of training to fix. Let me show you what Im talking about. His name is Wesley. Hes a law enforcement officer. He had his kidney removed for kidney cancer. Oh, jeez. Okay? So that left him with this. I have seen this kind of thing before and if its what I think it is, this is really difficult to fix and really unusual. This is a tough case. Okay, lets get him in. Can you please send in Wesley? [Dr. Dubrow] Wesley. Hey there. Wesley, how you doing? Dr. Nassif. Good. Nice to meet you. Terry Dubrow. The last few years have been really difficult for Wesley. I have to watch him struggle every day. I have to watch him hurt and he doesnt complain and thats one of the biggest reasons I want it fixed for him. Hes such a strong person. Tell us about the development of the bulge. Once I had my kidney out, it started to bulge, and it just kept getting bigger and bigger in time. And then I reached out to a plastic surgeon. He said he could fix it. He put two pieces of mesh in and immediately after surgery, it seemed like it was bigger. [Dr. Dubrow] Immediately after surgery. Yes. Was this done at a major institution? Yes. Big hospital. Board certified surgeon, guy with a lot of experience? Yes. [sighs] The fact that a board certified plastic surgeon put on two layers of mesh and immediately Wesleys bulge was worse the very next day just underscores the idea that this is an incredibly difficult and potentially unfixable problem. Okay, how do you wear a bulletproof vest and a police belt? I have to wear a binder extremely tight that pushes all my insides up to kind of push the pooch into my side, and then I put my bulletproof vest over it before I go to work. Oh, jeez. And how much does a bulletproof vest weigh? Its probably about 12 to 15 pounds. Your gun belt. Probably about 40 pounds extra. Do you realize that? Those things weigh 40 pounds? You ever see what they carry in their gun belts? Its the coolest thing youve ever seen. There are two key questions I wanna ask Wesley. One: What exactly is in your gun belt? And two: Can I tase Paul? How is your core strength? Its-- I have none on my left side at all. Does it hurt? Yeah. It does hurt? It hurts from time to time. If you dont mind, Id actually like to see how lax your abdominal wall is. Okay. So is it possible that we can-- you can show me here? Yes. So, when youre lying down... If you were involved in somebody holding you down, could you... No, Id have to roll over to him when my guns on my right side. And you couldnt roll over, you were stuck? Right. When youre a police officer who needs their core strength to do some very significant physical activity... I cant imagine the stress that he felt as this was progressing. So let me ask you a question. Do you think this is a hard problem to fix? Not for you. Oh. [all laughing] I have an idea of what it is. Ill know a lot better once I examine you. So lets go in the exam room and check you out. Okay? Okay. All right. Lets go. [Dr. Dubrow] Wow. Look how hard that is to push back in. This is a problem, man. This is a big problem. That thin skin is one of the reasons your nose is so risky and so difficult to fix. [woman] I just want a nose that has no bumps. Is that so much to ask for? ♪ I wanna be perfect ♪ [Dr. Dubrow] Do me a favor, bear down for a minute. Like push down like youre gonna have a baby or poop or something. Look at that, look at that. [Wesley] It just got... [Dr. Nassif] So, I mean-- Look how hard that is to push back in. Now relax. Bear down. Okay. [Dr. Nassif] No way. I dont know how the heck you can actually do that. Im just looking at it. Do you know what it is? Its like a huge massive wall defect. And these are all the intestines coming out. Is that what it is? That-- Okay. Thats partly right. But theres some weakening of the wall there or something. Thats right. Have a seat for a second. You have a neurogenic abdominal wall. What does that mean? Its essentially a surgically induced stroke of the abdominal wall. Its unique to the surgical removal of a kidney. Right. Why it happens, nobody really knows. So, why didnt what the other plastic surgeon do work? It failed because when you sew a piece of mesh from paralyzed tissue to paralyzed tissue, why would it hold? Exactly. As I feel the side of Wesleys abdominal wall, I realized that the area where its lost its muscle tone is extremely large. So I think the surgeon who attempted to fix it initially put a patch here when the patch probably should have been over this entire area. You might just think, you make this incision and do this, and youre done. Right. You have to actually reconstruct this entire area. Okay. Wow. This is a problem, man. This is a big problem, right? Right. [inhales] You think I can fix this problem? I think you can. Its an interesting case, which, you know, I love interesting, and Im gonna bring my A game, my B game, and my C game. You know. All the games. All the games. [Dr. Dubrow] All the games are gonna-- Yeah. Yeah, lets do it and Ill be there. Okay. Ive had several people tell me Im interesting, not in a surgical type of interesting, but, hey, if he can fix it, Im for it, as long as the pooch aint there. Lets bring it. All right? Lets do it. All right, my man. Im in. Thank you. My name is Megan, and Im from Sarasota, Florida, and my nose is like a construction zone. Ive got bumps in the bridge, its long, its crooked. Im kind of over it. For me personally, its just really hard to see that you dont see what I see and everybody else sees, which is a beautiful woman. I dont have any confidence. We really have to make sure we find the right doctor. The right doctor. And I think we have. Im gonna be looking forward to see what he has to say. Yeah, me too. Its been 26 years since my first surgery, and the aging process has definitely taken a toll on my nose. The bumps of my tip keep getting bigger and bigger. Im just afraid that the bumps are gonna push through my skin. I feel I really-- I really need it, not just cosmetically but almost medically for, you know, my nose and how its changing and stuff. I just want a nose that has no bumps. Is that so much to ask for? [Dr. Dubrow] All right, who do we have? Megan, beautiful lady from Florida. [Dr. Dubrow] Oh. Obviously very pretty lady with thin skin. Thin skin. Wow. Okay, so obviously you can see the deformities, so we need to see her. She needs your help. Can you please send in Megan? [Dr. Dubrow] Megan. [Dr. Nassif] Megan, how are you? Hi. Hi, nice to meet you. Dr. Nassif. Hi. Terry Dubrow. How are you? Nice to meet you. Nice to meet you. What Im looking for most with meeting the doctors here today is just to get a better understanding of can what Megans been going through get fixed, and can they stop the pain that shes been feeling just by feeling that shes unattractive. You know, one of the most important things in my life is making sure that Megan is happy every single day. [Dr. Nassif] Well, welcome. Thank you. Thank you. So we know very little about your nose. Okay. But obviously wed love to hear your story. Basically I was a very happy kid, and it wasnt about until middle school when I realized that my nose was a lot bigger than everybody elses. Teasing? And then the teasing started happening. Yeah, we were from Chicago area, and Scottie Pippen was a well known basketball player, and hes well known for his big nose, so people started calling me Scottie Pippen Nose. It felt awful. My self-confidence was going down, and I begged my mom for a nose job, and I was 13 at the time I had my first nose job. Okay, a little young. Getting a rhinoplasty age 13 is way too young. You can actually stop the plates, or the growing of the nose, to get to its normal mature size. The earliest age in a female is about 15, assuming that they have finished their growth spurt. Thirteen? Nah. Now it was smaller, but it was just crooked and bumpy. [Dr. Dubrow] Yeah. Hmm, okay. By senior year of high school, I begged my mom again to have it fixed. Same doctor. Oh-oh... He did not tough any of the bumps on my bridge. My nose seemed more crooked. I felt defeated. I decided that I cant do this again. Often its not a good idea to ask the doctor who gave you a significant complication to fix that complication because fixing a complication is a thousand times more difficult than doing the original surgery to begin with. By the way, is this one of the most handsome guys youve ever seen in your life? Oh, dont tell him that. Look at this guy. He looks like Tom Brady. You get that. Ive-- I-- Thats what it is. You look like Tom Brady. I appreciate it. Thank you. Doesnt he look like Tom Brady? Actually my hair, you know, even though I have a little bit less gray hair, my hairs almost like his. Isnt it right now? You notice how hes turned it back to himself? This is what we call in medicine nar-cis-sism. Is it a coincidence that both Nassif and narcissism both have two "s"s? Yeah, I dont think so. Can you give us a little rundown, on your nose, what do you want me to do? Take out all the bumps that the previous surgeon didnt, and I just want a straight symmetrical nose. Its funny. A lot of your concerns about your nose are related to the fact that you can see the underlying irregular anatomy, which highlights the fact that your skin is so thin. That thin skin is one of the reasons your nose is so risky and so difficult to fix. That thin skin, you know, is scary. And so what we need to do now, lets go to the exam room. We wanna feel your skin and then make a plan from there. Okay? Lets go do that. All right. Yeah, even here you can see the middle vaults completely gone. Yeah. The biggest issue with Megans nose is that the doctor removed too much cartilage. So now her nose is falling apart. Its a complete mess. This is my Bunny sister Sherra. Playmates. Just like a family. Yeah. [Dr. Nassif] I got asked to be on Playgirl. On Playgirl? The way Paul is getting into Playgirl is if they have a microscopic edition. ♪ I wanna be perfect ♪ [Dr. Dubrow] Do me a favor. Come over here. Hes got the blue eyes. Hes got perfect symmetry, the gray hair. He does look like Tom Brady. Youre right. Look at the teeth. This guys perfect. So are you in love with him or something? No, Im just s-- Im just-- Look, Im a plastic surgeon. I look at symmetry and beauty all day. I know, but you know what? Since you and I are brothers... Are you jealous? ...and we have our little bromance, You see-- Is he-- How come you really never say anything about me? I must say this is a sad moment for me. You know, Im used to getting attention from Terry, whether its positive or negative, and now Im getting... no attention. I only have eyes for you, seriously. Thank you. Um, so were gonna feel a little bit here. Boy, thin skin. Yeah, your skin is extremely-- Its like wafer thin. Your bones are asymmetric. Your left bone is wider. Turn your head that way for me for a minute. Yeah, even here you can see the middle vaults completely gone. Yeah. The biggest issue with Megans nose is that the doctor removed too much cartilage, so now her nose is falling apart. To make matters worse, Megan was born with extremely thin nasal skin. So that means you can see every sharp point and irregularity that the previous doctor created. Its a complete mess. All right, so lets talk about your nose. Youre missing cartilage here, missing a little cartilage on the right where its pushed in, and around your tip we need to camouflage everything. So do you know where I take cartilage from? The rib. The rib. On top of the rib theres a little piece of covering called perichondrium. Im gonna use that to help build up some thickness to your skin right around here. And when we lift up the skin thats stuck to your cartilage, theres a small risk of necrosis. You may even wake up, and I might have a leach on your nose if Im worried about your blood flow. We have to do leaches sometimes to help with the blood supply. Mm-hm. What do you think? Do you wanna do this? Do you wanna take that chance? Its scary to hear all those risks again, um, but I think-- I think I wanna go for it. If I need leaches, can I still be asleep when youre putting them on me? No. I do not want leaches on my face. That freaks me out, but if anyones gonna do it, its gonna be Dr. Nassif, and I completely, completely trust him. You know, you name your leaches, like your own pet. Actually you can make some photos. You can do all that and stuff. Yeah. Oh, thats gonna be-- thats gonna be recorded. Thatll be your first-- Do not worry. You can get a little collar for it. A little weird. [Dr. Nassif] Pleasure. Nice to meet you. All right, well see you. Great meeting you. Im glad were gonna do this. Nice meeting you. Take care. Thank you. So I saw on your Insta story that you were at some major event in the East Coast this weekend? Yeah. It was a fundraiser for the arts in East Hampton. We flew Friday night after surgery, get there late, of course stop and have my Dunkin Donut at 11:30 at night, my favorite. Saturday morning get up, you know, we did bike riding. It was nice. It was just really relaxing. So you stayed in your friends house... Yes. in the Hamptons. Yes. Okay. I already know what youre gonna ask. Go ahead. And-- Did I pay for anything? And had... a number of meals. Yeah, go ahead. And-- And I had to fly there. Remember that. You had to fly there. Oh, okay. So you had to fly there. Did I pay for that? Did you pay for-- Anything. Did you pay for the flight? Who paid for the flight? He did. What? He goes, "I want you to come out and have a wonderful weekend. Im paying for everything." You accepted his payment for the flight? Of course. You didnt pay for the flight? Oh, wow. That was almost a perfect trip for Paul, except he had buy the entire donut. What happens when you put very large implants on a very small person? Capsular contraction, death of the skin, thinning out of the skin you know, all that. All of that-- All the bad stuff. But they can also develop other unique complications. This is Nannette. Nannette has concerns about the cleavage area. This is sort of a unique problem that Ive seen a few times, with not the most simple solutions. So lets bring Nannette in and see if we can help her with her cleavage area. Can you please send in Nannette? Well, hi. [Dr. Dubrow] Hello. Ho-ho, I didnt notice that. Plastic is fantastic. This is me. I am like this 24/7. Im 45 years young. I just goof around all the time and have fun. This is my Bunny sister Sherra. [Dr. Nassif] Sherra, nice to meet you. Nice to meet you. Nice to meet you. What does that mean? [Nannette] Weve been in Playboy. [Dr. Dubrow] Playmates. Just like a family, yeah. Oh, I get it. Weve got two Playmates here. Fantastic. Please have a seat. Thank you. By the way, I got asked to be on Playgirl. On Playgirl? You got-- No, you did not. When was this? The only way Paul is getting into Playgirl is if they have a microscopic edition. So you were leading this sort of regular life, and now you have the doll kind of look, right, the plastic-fantastic look? Oh, sure. I live a Barbie lifestyle, and in the future, you know, I wanna age gracefully, maybe a couple of years to get my face done, and Id like to get my butt done. I think aging gracefully is a term they usually use to mean you dont have plastic surgery. No, not-not in my case. Not the way we see it. Yeah. If its 60, 70, hell yeah, Ill get my surgeries until Im in my grave. [bleep] The new aging gracefully is lots of plastic surgeries so you dont age. Absolutely. Yes. Exactly. [Dr. Dubrow] Okay. Yes. Yes. The big question is, if youve had more plastic surgery or youve had more plastic surgery, who do you think? Hm... Thats a good question. Cause youre both aging very gracefully in that regard. Im a very beautiful man. Im very handsome. So you have very large implants on a very small frame. Is that giving you some issues? Is that why youre here? Oh, yes, so basically my breast implants are just so big, so heavy on my back, and I think with all the weight, its just the skin, like, basically in the middle. Think itd be smoother and everything if-- if I would downsize. I love it. Regardless, if theyre smaller, Im still gonna look hot. Uh-- I agree with you. You know? And I feel that as long as I feel comfortable with myself and everything, thats-- thats first and foremost. We like hearing this. Oh, we love it. Oh, thank you. To really determine what the best thing to do is, we need to do a physical exam. Sure. And figure out the options and what the risks are. Okay? Awesome, thanks. All right, lets go have a look. So you have a little bit of tightness of the skin here... Mm-hm. ...with a little band. Some girls call it uniboob. You have the right to be stupid. This is stupid. Sir, dont talk back to me, or Im gonna arrest you again. ♪ I wanna be perfect ♪ [Dr. Nassif] Wow. Those are pretty fancy. Arent they? Oh, wow, look at that. Now, Id bedazzled those myself. These skates remind me of Terry. Theyre loud, theyre over the top, and they had their peak in the 80s. Or maybe it was the 70s. Lets examine where they are... Sure. So you have a little bit of tightness of the skin here. Mm-hm. With a little band. You do-- I mean, its never bothered you? You didnt mention it, and thats good, but you have some symmastia. So symmastia is where they share a pocket. Mm-hm. This is called-- Some girls call it uniboob. On examination, Nannette actually does have a very significant symmastia, which is an incredibly difficult problem to fix, and most plastic surgeons dont have experience in doing that. With time, predictably, this problem is only going to get worse. You need a procedure called a capsulorrhaphy, which is one in which you reduce the pocket, and create walls preventing the implant from going to the other side. So that can be done. Your skin, once the implants are dramatically reduced, would really be loose, so a lot of skin needs to be taken. You would need so much skin removed... that that would take so much blood supply, which may not allow to heal without it turning dark black, losing the nipple circulation, all that kind of stuff, so I think this is one of those cases where the best thing to do is to take the implants out for about six months, let everything shrink down, and then you can more safely put a smaller implant in and remove skin, which would be less skin removal than if you did it now. Sure. Going without breast implants for six months, could you tolerate that? You know, I could do that, but right now just with my schedule, with modeling, right now I dont have time for it. Yeah. But in the near future I definitely wanna come back, and you could do my facelift at the time. [Dr. Dubrow laughing] Im lucky if I have time to have peace and poop, but I know that Im definitely gonna come back here to California, and theyre definitely gonna do a surgery on me. [Dr. Dubrow] When youre ready to go smaller, were here for you, okay? Thank you. Great pleasure meeting you. Thank you. Well, you brought Mr. Beautiful here, huh? The sexiest man alive. Look, see? I gotta say, I like it. Its a good look. Im trying to be like you. Its a good look. You know Dr. Peng? Yes. I actually look a little bit better than you today. You do. Im jealous. But today its about her, so, you know, just-- just, you know, stop. Yeah, I couldnt-- can you think about me? Thats enough, for Gods sakes. Im here. Right here. Focus on me. How are you, my darling? Im super nervous. Oh, are you? Why? I just wanna wake up and, like, someone me that everything will be okay. Oh, oh... Our goal is to take care of you today. You know, obviously, remember the risks? I hate mentioning that in the morning, but the biggest thing is, you know, the skin. Yeah. And that skin roll is really thin. Yeah. And so if you wake up, and I say you need a leach, its me being a little extra cautious if I need to. So dont freak out. Okay. Well take care of you. This is a complicated surgery because the skin is extremely thin. We need a good piece of perichondrium, which is the tissue overlaying the top layer of the rib, and with that, well be able to cover the tip, and this is going to be a thing where I know Im going to get some improvement. I just dont know how much. For Megans surgery today, well open the nose while simultaneously harvesting perichondrium and rib. Next, Ill remove bumps from the dorsum, fracture her bones to close the open-roof deformity, and use spreader grafts to straighten the middle vault. Then Ill use dome grafts to round out the nasal tip and articulated rim grafts to make her nostrils more symmetric. Finally well place perichondrium on top of the bridge to help camouflage any irregularities. Okay, making my incision into the skin around the nose. So this is going to be with the telling part of this, is can I lift up the skin without injuring it? Every time I make a little cut, Im just worried Im gonna pop right through the skin. Okay, did I make a hole in the skin? I didnt make a hole, but look at that skin there. That skin is extremely thin. [Dr. Peng] So we got a nice piece of perichondrium. [Dr. Nassif] Let me see it. Thats a long, beautiful piece. [Dr. Peng] And the rib is going to come out now. Oh, thats a beautiful piece over there? Yeah. Okay, so Ive lifted up the nasal skin. Now lets do a septoplasty. Go, go, go. When youre performing any rhinoplasty, you have to fracture the bones first before I look at the middle vault of the nose, which is this part, and with Megan, the left side is collapsed a little bit more than the right. I need a thicker spreader graft on Megans left side. Then a little smaller one on the right. And our goals to make it nice and straight and even. Our next step now is to put small pieces of cartilage and tissue on top of the dome, and thats gonna help smooth out where the bumps are. After we do that, theres still asymmetry of the cartilage around the nostrils. We gotta work on that to give Megan more of a symmetric nasal tip. The tip skin is status quo. It hasnt turned purple. Its still really thin and delicate. Were watching it throughout the case. At first I thought Megan was gonna need leaches immediately after surgery because of her skin color, but now at the end, her skin is nice and pink. We dont need to bother. No leaches. Did I miss anything? No. I think its like almost everything we can put into a nose is in Megans nose. We did. Yep. Fantastic. Excellent job. In the next 48 hours we wanna keep monitoring Megans nasal tip skin. We did a lot of work on Megans nose, and I know that shes gonna like it, but I really wanna make sure that Nick likes it. Hi, Nick. Take a peek. Oh, my gosh. This is, like, swollen, right? It looks to me twice the size. Everything will get better. This is crap tissue. Looking like a hundred-year-old ladys muscle. [bleep] [groans] ♪ I wanna be perfect ♪ [Dr. Dubrow] Todays the day, man. It is. How are you? Good. How are you? Good. Good to see you. Good to see you. How do you feel? Feeling good. Excited. Yeah, me too actually. Ive been thinking about your case ever since I met you. Awesome. You know what they say in mixed martial arts? Im going to impose my will on you? Right. I have cut weight. Im gonna really go with the MMA analogy. Uh, clearly. All right? Ive been working on my ground game. Okay? My stand-ups ready to go. If it goes to the ground, Im re-- okay, enough of that. [woman] I know. I know, that was stupid. I just wanna get after it. I just w-- Im just-- This is-- Its on. All right? Thats right. For Wesleys surgery today, Im going to build what I call a muscle sandwich. I will start by making an incision through his previous scar and identify the healthy sections of his abdominal wall muscles. Next I will bypass paralyzed muscle and stitch together the robust internal oblique muscle and transverse abdominis muscle. I will then sew a piece of mesh on top of that followed by another layer of healthy external oblique muscle. Finally I will remove any excess skin I find, hopefully giving Wesley a bulge-free side. Okay, so first plan of attack is to open up the skin and see what I can find. The question is, what am I gonna find? The ability to do this operation really depends on the ability to identify the different layers of the abdominal wall. The issue with Wesleys muscles is that his abdominal side wall has become paralyzed from the previous kidney surgery. To try to fix that, the plastic surgeon put the mesh on top of the muscle rather than reconstructing the abdominal wall muscle, putting the mesh on the inside, but now that the mesh is in there, its become incorporated into the muscle and is impossible to remove, and fortunately it doesnt need to be removed to get a good functional repair. This is the upper layer of muscle above, which contains all three layers of muscle, and this is the below layer. The only issue is, how good is this muscle up here? Its not very strong. Wispy nothing muscle. [groans] This is crap tissue. Looking like a hundred-year-old ladys muscle. And this... [bleep] If Im unable to find good, working muscle tissue, then this operation will be a total failure, and that muscle sandwich will be unfortunately... a [bleep] sandwich. Hmm... come on, baby, separate for me. Show me. Well, some parts, theyre better than others. It kind of peters out up here, but I have ribs right here. Its not gonna herniate through the ribs, so at least Im protected by ribs right there. So the piece of bread on the outside of the sandwich is this layer brought together, Then well put a mesh over that. And then well take this layer and put it over that, and well pray. Rather than use a synthetic mesh that Wesley may have a foreign-body reaction to, Im gonna use a biologic mesh thats really strong, made out of pig. So if you really think about it, Im gonna make a delicious BLT sandwich, that I hope he loves, as much as I do. Okay, so check this out. All the excess skin is removed. The laxity has been repaired in three layers. And if you test this with the bulge test, thats really intact. Okay, so lets close him up and get him in recovery. Okay? Thank you so much. That was really hard... and really fun. [Dr. Nassif] Nick! [Nick] Hey! How you doing, buddy? Good to see ya. Hey, whats happening? How are ya? Im good. Oh, how are you? Oh, Im okay. Look how the blue shirt brings out his blue eyes. [Nick] I mean, you know, thats why I wore it. I wore it. I hoped he noticed. And Im glad he did. [Dr. Nassif] Now, first thing, peel off that little cast of yours. [Dr. Dubrow] That looks great. Looks great. I dont know if you remember her profile. Well, you fixed it. I wanna look at her profile. [Dr. Dubrow] Yeah. Yeah. Does it look good? [Nick] Yes. Looks great. Now... take a peek. Wow. Oh, my gosh. Hey, this is, like, swollen, right? I mean its-- will it get-- Of course its swollen. Okay. Honestly, the way my nose looks right now is freaking me out. It looks to me, twice the size. This phenomenon that youre experiencing right now, we actually have this graph that shows a smiley face the day before surgery, a super happy face the day after surgery, and then a week later, a totally unhappy, frowny face. Thats where youre at. Its a very common place to be. Okay. It looks big. [Dr. Dubrow] It looks weird. It-- Yeah, it looks kinda weird. It doesnt look big. This is what your nose looked like at the end, you go, "Ughh." Right? Right. Right. So... Sorry. Dont worry. Trust me. Okay. Okay. It looks great. Remember, the skin is gonna shrink over it. Okay. Im not a patient patient. Im not. Youre gonna reassure her about the swelling? Okay. [Nick] Everything looks great. Cause I dont want to go through this again. [Nick] No. Youre not going through it again. Everything will get better. Okay. [Dr. Dubrow] Hey! [Dr. Nassif] How are ya? [Wesley] Good to see you. Good. Doing good. Good to see you. So the operation was a massive, at least in my mind, a success. The question is, did it work? Do you want him to stand up? [Dr. Dubrow] Do me a favor, stand up for a sec. By the way, your mesh is made out of whats called STRATTICE, or pig skin. Biologically, thats the best mesh you can use. Yum. Youre part bacon now, dude. Yeah, if a criminal calls you a pig, you cant deny it now. Guess not. Call me pig all you want, and Ill still take you to jail. [Dr. Dubrow] So, remember this bulge? Huge bulge right here. Lets see whats cooking within. [mutters] Look at that. Look at that. [Amanda] Oh, my God. [Dr. Dubrow] Look at that. Looks really good. Look at that. Awesome. Now youll be able to go back and kick some ass. Thats right. [Dr. Dubrow] All right. So you happy? Im very happy. Yeah. Yes, sir. Pleasure. Congratulations. Thank you. Thank you. Okay. So keep healing. Thank you. And by the way, youre a tough man. Youre a big boy. If you went like... boom! You could break this whole... [makes ripping sound] all my stuff. Have about 250 stitches in here, okay? So dont break it. Oh, Im not. Im gonna be extra careful. I wont let him. Im really impressed with Terry on this one. When I first saw this, I said theres no way hell be able to fix this. But now looking at it, it looks fabulous. Good job, my brother. Oh, my God. That is so awesome. I can not believe how good that looks. It is, isnt it? Thats flatter than this side. Its-- I know. Im gonna need to go back and do this side now. [Megan] When I first saw my nose after surgery, I was really, really freaking out. There she is. Oh, my gosh. Look whos back! [Wesley] Just got to pat him down. Make sure he dont have no weapons on him. [Dr. Dubrow] Hes heavily unarmed. [all laughing] Terry, you can make fun of my package all you want. But I have a concealed-weapon permit... ♪ I wanna be perfect ♪ [female singer] ♪ Feeling so anxious and nervous ♪ ♪ But I knew that you would be worth it ♪ ♪ More than I ever dreamed ♪ ♪ I guess this is happening ♪ [Megan] When I first saw my nose after surgery, I was really, really freaking out, and the doctors told me, "Its really swollen, its gonna get smaller. Be patient." I will get the results that I want. So glad that you guys are here. I felt I havent seen you guys in so long. I know. I know. Its been so long. Were excited everybodys here, and I cant wait-- cant wait for her to come down and share some time with us. Absolutely. I know. I cant wait to see her. Cant wait to see her. [Megan] Now, after a couple of months, it definitely is getting smaller. It feels good to look in the mirror now. It just looks so smooth and straight. Now Im gonna go hang out with my hot husband. [woman] Megan! [man] Oh, my gosh! Hello! Oh, my gosh. [woman] You look amazing. Oh, my gosh. I think Megan looks beautiful. I mean, I loved the way she looked before. I love the way she looks now. Im just-- Im happy for her. And I think she looks amazing. Oh, you look great. Thank you. Hi, Kel. You look beautiful. Hi, Jess! Thank you. Oh, you look amazing as always. Why, thank you. Before my surgery, my nose was like a construction zone. There were bumps on the bridge, it was crooked, and I had zero self-confidence because I felt like people were always focusing on my nose. But now, thanks to Dr. Nassif, that nose is gone. The bumps have been removed, my nose is straight, and I feel like Im in the spotlight instead of my nose. Now Im getting all the attention instead of my hot husband. Well, you must be so happy that there are so many things that they fixed. Yes. They did a lot to improve things. They did a lot, you know, not only cosmetically, but, more importantly, medically. [Jessica] I think Megan looks great. Ive seen her before her first surgery, when we were 13, that she was really unhappy with. And all those things have been resolved, and her skin looks great. It definitely feels so good to like be more myself again. I just want to thank Dr. Dubrow and Dr. Nassif for doing a great job with Megan. Its been such a great experience. And, guys, just give me a call. Call me. So glad that you guys are all here to celebrate with me and... [Kel] Im so happy for you. Lets have a fun night. Lets go celebrate. Definitely. [all] Cheers! To a great night. [male singer] ♪ Im going all in! ♪ ♪ Im going all in! ♪ [Wesley] I love my life as a police officer. After living with a bulge for the last seven years, now that its gone, I go to work without any limitations. My core strength has increased. Im not afraid of getting in a scuffle and not being able to protect myself. Ive been waiting for this moment for a very long time. [Dr. Dubrow] There he is. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Look at that. [siren blares] Lights are blaring. Look at that. [Dr. Nassif] Oh, look at that. [Dr. Dubrow] Hey, man. Uh, oh. Hows it going? Oh, look hes-- hes actually gonna bust your ass. Whats happening? How are ya? Good. How are you? Its good to see you. How are you? Good to see you. Im doing awesome. How you doing, buddy? Back on full duty and doing good. Full duty? Yes, sir. Is the bulge still completely gone? Its completely gone. Completely gone. Completely gone. Yes. Can we see it? Yes, sir. Are you gonna take that belt off? Imma take the belt off. Do you mind if I put it on? Go ahead. Seriously? Look at this thing. There you go. Put that on. Lets see how much weight that is. This is awesome. [Dr. Nassif] Careful. Yeah. Whoa. Let me see that. Look at that. [Dr. Nassif] God, even the scar healed well, too. [Dr. Dubrow] Thats so good. Awesome. Im very impressed with it. Really? Yes, sir. Before my surgery, I had a bulge on my left side the size of a football. I had zero core strength and I had to wear a binder around my side just to fit in to my bulletproof vest. But now, thanks to Dr. Dubrow, the bulge is gone. I am able to do ab workouts and I fit in to my uniform. And Im ready to protect and serve my community. [Dr. Dubrow] Do they make it in double XL? Well see if Ive got them. Open it up a little bigger. So this is actually not that heavy. [Dr. Dubrow] No? No, its hot though. Yeah, its very hot. [Dr. Dubrow] Okay, so hold on a second. Since-since Im wearing this... Okay? Yeah. Im the new sheriff in town. Yeah. All right? Show me how to arrest someone. Come over here. If torturing Paul is wrong, I dont want to be right. Do it gently, dont hurt me. How do you do it? You just reach over. Yeah. Easy. Aiyah, jeez. That already hurts. [Wesley] And thats loose. [Dr. Nassif] Oh, my God. You have the right to be stupid. Anything you say will be ignored. You know this is really stupid. This is stupid. Uh, sir. Dont talk back to me or Im gonna arrest you again... You see what other... he does? ...and charge you with indecent exposure. Now you put him in the back. Back seat? Yes. You walk him to the... You have the right to be a moron. Shut up, you dick. Youve obviously expressed that right. You gotta watch your head when you get in. Get in the back of the car and shut up. Hes heavily unarmed with that small package. [wheezing laughter] Terry, you can make fun of my package all you want, but I have a concealed-weapon permit... Its hot in here. Let me out of here. What are you doing? Im back here with you. No, lets get out of here. Oh, my gosh... Wait a minute-- Its super uncomfortable back here. Hold on, wait a minute. What are we doing? No. Have you ever been arrested? By the way, you put me back here with the dog? Seriously? [barking] How can you? [over megaphone] Officer, the dog in the back is starting to smell. [siren chirps] 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 