Botched: Season 6, Episode 3 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Botched 
 s6e3 - Bums, Boobs and Baklava - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Botched (2014–…): Season 6, Episode 3 - Bums, Boobs and Baklava - full transcript 
 A British bum ambassador is packing on the pounds to get a Kim K inspired butt while Dr. Dubrow helps a mother of nine battle one of the worst cases of capsular contracture he's ever seen ... 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 I live and breathe plastic surgery. Ive had Botox. Ive had boobs. Ive had BBL. I suppose you can call me the plastic surgery ambassador. And my fats coming back in different places. My nun, Ive never had a fat nun ever. What? Vagina. Your vaginas gaining weight? - Im getting a fat nun, yeah. - Right. After three surgeries, then you have a car accident. Exactly. My nose was a disaster. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Im trying to inject in between the skin. No way. The needle is bending. I cant even get the needle in the skin. Oooh... My right breast is slowly migrating upward onto my chest. Its displaced inward, which leaves your mound smashed in here. What is that? Slime everywhere. What the hell? Im Aimi, and Im from East Sussex in the U.K. I live and breathe plastic surgery. Ive had Botox. Ive had boobs. Ive had BBL. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 I suppose you can call me the plastic surgery ambassador. And I want the perfect hourglass figure, tiny waste, and a big butt, just like Kim Kardashian. Shes amazing. I wanna be her. I know I dont look like her, but I have her body. And with a wig and glasses, I can pull it off. Look at that thong. Oh, my God, Kim, dont go! As a child growing up, I was crazy about Barbie dolls, I had the Barbie doll house. I think thats why I am the way I want the plastic, cause I was brought up everybody looked like a Barbie doll. So I think I blame my parents for how I turned out. They shouldve given me a Cabbage Patch Kid. Do you know what I mean? But I always wanted bigger and better, and thats what made me develop my thing for surgery. I needed boobs, so went-- I think I was about 26. Operation went well. It was a walk in the park. I loved it. It was like checking into a holiday. They looked fantastic. But then the Brazilian Butt Lifts were now in fashion. I was like, "You know what? Ive gotta have this." And yeah, I did it, and it was the most painful thing Id ever done in my life, but I love my big ass. All the fat had gone. I had this booty. It was amazing. My whole world is plastic surgery now. Its expensive to look like this. And I have had a few sugar daddies over the years. I dont want diamonds. I want surgery. My husband doesnt care. It stops him from having to pay for it. Doesnt it? So yeah, he gets some benefits. Win-win situation, eh? But I just go to the extreme of everything. You know, and Im thinking, maybe I can go again. You know? So its been about a year since my second BBL. It was a lot flatter. And I werent liking it at all. I want a quick fix now. So Im coming out to the doctors because it is my third BBL, and I want the best, and Im looking for the best. Im hoping that they would tell me, "Lets do this! We can do this. Aimis butt is the biggest butt in the state so far." Im Jessie, and these boobs belong in a body shop. My breasts look extremely uneven. My right breast is slowly migrating upward onto my chest. My left breast is droopy, and they feel completely deformed. Crazy, huh? Yeah, I know, right? Ive never had a convertible before. When I was a little girl, I would love going to car shows with my dad and seeing the cars, and I just remember thinking to myself that one of these days Im gonna have that. Theres a little blemish there, but we have a guy that can probably paint this. This classic car is a lot like my boobs. Its shiny on the outside, but once you pop that hood, its a mess. In my late teens, I started managing dancers. The boob envy was real. I want boobs to dance. So I went ahead and got them done. Im not really digging these old rims on there. No. Well put some wires on it maybe. So I went in my consultation wanting a full C. What I was talked into was 625 CCs, basically porn star boobs. After surgery, I remember thinking it wasnt right. A couple weeks go by, and already one felt a little bit firmer, the other one a little bit softer. As time went on, the situation got worse. The right breast was just migrating upward. And it was hardening more. I was coming close to five years since my first surgery, and I had heard that there was a new doctor that had moved to town. He diagnosed me with having encapsulation, and he said that he could perform surgery, and I jumped at the chance. After surgery, I felt relieved. Everything looked great, but at my two-week checkup, I had already started to encapsulate again. And all he said was, "Im sorry. I tried." Its been four years since my last surgery. Now Im stuck with one boob thats higher than the other. I hate what I see in the mirror. Im left deformed. I cant wait to go see Dr. Nassif and Dr. Dubrow. Hopefully they can help me because I cant do this anymore. Its progressively been getting worse and worse. I know. I tried to find different bras, but they would always fall out. So one night Im at the club, and I saw a bottle of boob glue that the girls used for their pasties. And I thought, huh, I wonder if I glue these suckers in place, if that would work, and it did. So it was at that time that it started my long-term relationship with boob glue. Its every single day Im trying to make myself feel like I look normal. I hide behind makeup and... Lots of boob glue. Lots of boob glue. I am 100% ready to end my relationship with the boob glue. Hopefully Dr. Dubrow and Dr. Nassif can help me do that. Have you ever heard of slapping therapy? Im not kidding you. What, slapping to get the skin-- Face slapping-- Face slapping is a way to make-- To get that flush? Yeah-- no, to increase the microcirculation at the level of the epidermis, to get skin care products to work better. What are the-- So why dont you go ahead... And slap you? Yeah. Ready? Ow. Hows it-- Do it on this side. Ow! Oh! That was a good one because, after what you did to me, waxing me, ripping off my skin... On three. Aah! Oh, ow. How does my skin look? Actually does look better. Aah! I cant-- Youre, like, punching me. Youre pun-- Man, that-- Now youre looking really good now. That wasnt a slap. Terry, I think youre taking the term slap happy to a whole new level. Bring it down a notch, my friend. So this Jessica. Okay? Jessica has had two breast augmentations. Those are some of the most asymmetric breasts that weve ever seen. I know. Ooh, and look at the distortion of this breast. Will you send in Jessica? Jessica. Hi. Nice to meet you. Hi. Dr. Nassif. You, too. Hi, how are you? Im Terry Dubrow. Hi. Nice to meet you. Husband and wife? Yes. Yes. Im feeling a little nervous to meet Dr. Nassif and Dr. Dubrow. Im hoping I get answers today and that this is the end of the road for these bad boobs. How have you been married? Three years, together four years. Wow. Yeah. You gonna have kids? We have two kids. And I mightve had a couple prior to that, maybe-- How many is a couple? Nine in total. Do you really? Yeah. You have nine kids between you? You have nine kids? Yes. You wasted no time, huh? How many kids are at home? Seven. Seven. Seven kids at home. Thats a busy house. No way. I think Id go crazy. God bless you, Jessie. How do you handle that? I know that you had your first breast augmentation like eight years ago. Correct? Um, I think its closer to nine. It was 2010. Nine. Okay. And within three or four weeks I had noticed my right one was kind of migrating up. It was a little bit firmer. My left one was a little bit softer. And I didnt really know what an encapsulation was yet. Capsular contracture, which is scar tissue forming around the implant, can be caused by an infection, blood left in the pocket, or its just an unknown immunologic reaction to the breast implant itself, and theres no rhyme or reason to it. I did notice a lot of bruising on the right breast, and there was none on the left. So hematoma? Thats what caused it? Yeah, thats why. You bled into the right breast pocket, and what you needed was a surgery to take the blood out. Okay. Okay. Did you look for another doctor, though, locally? I did. And he did the capsulectomy, but put the implant right back in. Same implant. Mm-hm. Theres a theory called the biofilm theory that states that if you have an encapsulation, you should remove the old implant because it may have a fine film of tissue around it that has little bits of bacteria in it, that if you just simply put that same implant back in, that bacterial film will just induce another encapsulation and lead to the same problem. What are your thoughts about all this? Its got to the point where she doesnt wanna be naked around me. Carlos has never really even touched my boobs. I cant even imagine what it will be like to not be embarrassed when I take my shirt off in front of my husband. I just hope that the doctors can help me. Why dont we go into the exam room... Okay. ...and figure out... Okay. ...what the different options are. Sounds good. Okay, great. And eating as much as I can physically stuff in this mouth. Bigger the belly, bigger the butt. My face smashed into the wall, and I was horrified. I looked deformed. So lets open this up a little bit. Okay, so your right breast, rock hard, very superiorly displaced, but whats kind of a little bit different is it not only is displaced upward. Its displaced inward, which leaves your mound smashed in here and your native breast tissue just kind of hanging off there. The left one is droopy and deflated, so a lot more kind of healthy, vascularized breast tissue on the left and about half as much... Okay. ...on the right. You have options. Theyre both interesting, which is a euphemism in plastic surgery for difficult. Its not necessarily a good thing. Okay? I didnt think so. The main concern with Jessie and the fact that she had two very early rapid encapsulations of the right breast is that fundamentally her immune system probably just doesnt like silicon breast implants. You could... choice A, take them out and do a lift on both. Okay.  You dont have to worry about more breast implant surgery and were all very happy. Now, you may not have the projection and overall volume. Right. Option B is to take both the breast implants out... Okay. ...put a new pair back in, and do a lift. Okay. The problem with that is now weve got breast implants, and now weve got the great possibility that youre gonna go on to a rapid encapsulation again and be back to square one within, I dont know, two weeks, two years, 10 years? I dont know. What if you get in there, and you see something that is better than you thought or worse than you thought. Would you feel comfortable making the decision for me? I would. Okay. I really am okay with leaving it up to you, and I am okay with either outcome. I mean, hes good at this. Hell make a darn good decision. Who doesnt wanna have big, beautiful boobs, but Im hoping that this is definitely the end of these problems Ive had with my breasts. Great pleasure meeting you guys. Thank you. Youre welcome. Thank you. Youre welcome. ♪ My names Sammy, Im a Lebanese pop star, and my nose looks like it doesnt belong in my face. It looks like a little baklava. Its a short nose. I dont have a bride. The nostrils are very small. Its not aesthetically pleasing. I grew up in Lebanon. I always wanted to go to the states. I actually came to visit L.A. I was screaming in the car, "Los Angeles, Im here! Im here! Im gonna be a star!" I started getting into music, and at that point my singing career started, and I did a song which was accepted in a huge music festival in Chile. I became famous overnight. I had the time of my life. Hey, hey. Hey, hey, my God. I cant believe youre here. I was 25 when I went to visit Lebanon during the summer, and I had an accident. And my face, like, smashed into the wall. Its... Oh, my God, its like a rock. Its hard. Yeah. I went to saw a plastic surgeon. He said that he had to break my nose to straighten it and suggested that, to build the bridge outwards, to put foreign material called Gore-Tex, so I went under, and a week later, when he removed the plaster, I had a beautiful, gorgeous nose. Then I came to L.A., and remember Sam, she told me, "You know, youve got hair sticking out. Why dont you get your nose waxed?" I went to the beautician. She actually, like, pulls the wax out. It was beyond painful. Days later I started seeing something protruding out of my nose. It was Gore-Tex. And it got infected, and that material started coming out. So thats when I had my second surgery, and I was horrified. I looked deformed. How many surgeries did you have? Ive had four surgeries. My nose was getting worse and worse and worse. In 2008, I decided to see a doctor to have my fifth rhinoplasty, and he couldnt do anything. And that was it. And I had to accept it. Im so grateful that youre coming with me to see the doctor. Of course, of course. Of course. Really, seriously. Im hoping Dr. Nassif and Dr. Dubrow can give me my nose back. I would love to breathe better and for my nose to look better. Cheers. Cheers. We shouldve had champagne instead sparkling water. Yeah, exactly. Champagne in the morning. Mimosas. I am starving. Youre always starving. Oh, shut up. Not always. Youre going to be as big as a bus. I like to eat. And I like to eat every hour on the hour. This looks cool. I like the vibe. Its training season. Let me eat. Let me fill up this booty. Bigger the belly, bigger the butt. Hope your foods are nice and fattening. Absolutely! Were building my butt. Okay. The more I can eat, the more I can put in my bum. Burgers, chocolate, cream cakes, chips, and eating as much as I can physically stuff in this mouth. Believe you me, its big mouth. Really. Do you think this is enough to build my butt? Obviously its enough. Weve definitely got enough food, but I still dont think you should get one. Youve had one. Ive had two. Youll be having another-- When is it gonna stop? Do you know how its gonna stop? When this soda can balance on my booty. Oh, my God. So I have a table. That is when its gonna stop. So carry on eating. I definitely dont think Aimi needs another BBL, but there is no saying no to her. I cant convince her. All Im thinking of is myself in a bikini in the summer with a huge bum. You do. Terrible. Look at this. If there was ever a biofilm. Ever seen this before? Have a cup of tea, wanker. Terry is a wanker. A wanker is, you know, a penis. I think. Isnt it? Whatta you got? Patient named Sammy. Multiple nasal surgeries, and his nose is destroyed. The question is, can I help him? Depending on what he has left for me to use. Wow. So lets see. Tough case. Can you please send in Sammy? Hello. Hi. Hi, Dr. Nassif. How are you? Hi, Dr. Dubrow. Hi. Terry Dubrow. How are you doing? Nice to meet you. Terry Dubrow. How are you? Hi. Nice to meet you. Nice to meet you. Well, come on in. So I got you some Lebanese sweets. Oh-- Oh, you got the-- Oh... ...you got the sweets. Knowing that Dr. Nassif is Lebanese man, hopefully the way to Dr. Nassifs O.R. is a box of baklava. The Greeks say "baklava." We say "baklawa." Baklawa, exactly. Oh, wow. Because he loves desserts so much that those sweets wont go to waste. But I guarantee you they will go to waste. Yeah, they will go to waste. Im American-Lebanese living in Lebanon, so I had to get you a few things from-- Oh, youre Lebanese, too? ...from your homeland. Yes. You live in Lebanon? I live in Lebanon now. I used to live in L.A., actually. Why did you move back? Yes. Why? I decided to do an Arabic-Spanish album. Youre a Lebanese celebrity. I had a few hit songs, yeah. Wow. And in South America was pretty huge. Lets start from the beginning about your nose. Right. We always like to have a complete history. Sure. When did you start? One night I actually tripped down a flight of stairs, ended up, like, hitting the wall, facing-- Yeah. Broke your nose. I went to see a plastic surgeon. He suggested putting a material called Gore-Tex. Yeah. Gore-Tex is a trade name for PTFE, polytetrafluoroethylene. And thats a material that you actually put in ski jackets and pants. A year later my nose became infected. I started seeing the Gore-Tex-- Yeah. ...sticking out-- Sticking out of your nose. Sticking out of my nose. Back towards the beginning of my practice when I used to have to build up dorsum. I used to use Gore-Tex nasal implants all the time. Now what I prefer is just to use the patients own tissue. And were able to harvest rib and tissue from the scalp, and thats what I do now. So I went and saw this plastic surgeon, and he said, "Well, we have to take it out." - My nose was pretty much a disaster. - Destroyed. I waited till 1998 and-- For number three. For number three. Okay. It looked pretty good. I came back to Lebanon and had the car accident. After three surgeries, then you have a car accident. Exactly. You know, the fourth one was after the accident. Everything from this side was, like, smashed. So you had facial trauma. In 2008, I decided to see the last plastic surgeon for my nose, and he couldnt do anything. You know what we call that? A peek-and-shriek. Yeah. You open it up, you go, "Aah!" And then you just put it back down. You say-- and you do nothing. Right. Exactly. Yeah. New one... Thats a new one for me. Yeah. Your goals. Breathing. What are your cosmetic goals? Well, I would love to have a bigger nose, obviously, just something that fits my face. I mean, Ive got a big face. The best thing for us to do is go to the exam room. Lets go do that. Right now Sammys nose looks destroyed. Im worried about the skin. Im worried about finding out the normal anatomy. Can I actually build it up? Can I do anything? Im just not so sure. Oh, my God. Oh. What is that stuff called? "Butt-lay-wa"? - Baklawa. - There was one-- That was-- Should be called "man-booby-ah" or "big-butt-lay-wah." Mm. Its good, huh? Im a sucker for baklawa. Not baklava. Baklawa. Baklawa. Lets try breathing. Better? A lot. I love how your eyes-- like youre-- like youre in heaven when you do that. You kinda go... Amazing. The last time I actually breathed from my nose correctly was 21 years ago. Okay, the middle vault is very narrow here. And this is like a rock. I mean, this feels like all bone. Maybe some cartilage, but its, like, stuck. It appears that his skin is stuck down to whatevers in there. This now has become an extremely difficult and scary case. What I would like to do is take a big chisel and remove everything. I can take pieces of rib and put them in here to open up your nostrils. Gotcha. And try to add some cartilage r tissue to make it look a little better. Okay, lets do it. Can you do me a favor? Yeah. Stand up for me. Okay. When youre singing, are you doing a little bit of the... Oh, yeah. Youre good. You know what I say when I see him do that? Dont do that. What do you have for me? Our next patient Aimi-- Im not gonna tell you where shes from, but I want you to guess when she comes in. Im sure. But let me show you whats going on with Aimi. Shes obviously had some abdominal work. And has actually well-defined abdominal muscles. Look at that, huh? But she has some concerns about her buttock area. So why dont you call Aimi in and lets see how we can help her. Absolutely. Can you please send in Aimi? - Hello. Hi, guys. - How are you? Im really good. How are you? Hi. Nice to meet you. Nice to meet you. Dr. Nassif. Hi, Aimi. Terry Dubrow. Hi. Nice to meet you. Im Merissa. Nice to meet you. Nice to meet you. Hi, Merissa. Terry Dubrow. Hi. Hello. U.K. U.K. Yeah, U.K. What gives it away? Its the tea. The tea? Yeah. We dont like tea. We like wine. No, dont like tea. We like wine. You dont like tea? No. No, its all about the wine. Well, that doesnt make you British. Thats for sure. It makes you, you know... An alcoholic. Right. By the way, huge wanker. I just gotta say. Have a cut of tea, wanker. Have a cup of tea. The accent-- the English accent. Terry is a wanker. Wanker is, you know, a penis. I think. Isnt it? Okay, so Aimi, we have seen your photos. Okay. And youve had some things done. Yeah. And some things concerning you. Can you tell us a little bit about how this all started and what brought you to this point? Okay, shall I start from the top? Please. Eyes, upper and lower. Right. Ive had a nose job. Ive had lip fillers. Yes. Teeth done, cheek fillers, jaw line, two breasts, two BBLs, and liposuction. So let me ask you a question. Looking at your photos, of your abdomen, you have very well defined abdominal muscles. Now, is that from liposuction, or is that from-- Right. Thats not from hard work. Yeah. Did you have vaser? I definitely dont work out. I have got a gym membership. Ive been about three times in three years. Who needs it when youve surgeons? So how much fat did you have put in your buttock the first time? 8.50 each, I think, then five the next time. Do you have to gain weight to get enough fat to do that? Amazing. I loved it. What areas did they get the fat from? Uh, here mostly because they say this is better fat. The abdomen. Its more harvestable or something. Yes. And the back. Okay. Second time round Ive noticed, and this time my fats coming back in different places I never had fat before. Right. My nun. Thats-- Ive never had a fat nun ever. What? Vagina. Your vaginas gaining weight? Im getting a fat nun, yeah. Right. We say "nun". You say "vagina." Thats a horrible word. I hate the word "vagina." What are your overall goals? Im really thinking now get that all sucked out and put back in my bum as well. How much bigger do you want your buttock? He put more on the hips this side. I want it more at the back and up. Okay. Who do you think I impersonate? Youre an impersonator? Yeah, Im a look alikey. Um... Obviously an actress. Figure wise. Figure wise. Keeping up with them. Kardashians. - Yeah, I do Kim. - Oh... Do I think Aimi looks like Kim Kardashian? No. Lets go in the exam room and take a look and figure out the risk benefit ratio of more Brazilian Butt Lifts. Im not gonna like this. Okay? Sound good? Okay, lets do this. Okay, lets do it. Okay. I know surgerys dangerous, but come on, guys. Ive come a long way for you to suck this out and put it in my butt. If I cant elevate the skin, I cant do a rhinoplasty. And if thats the case, I cant help him. Now Im just nervous. Whoo. Elevated cholesterol can block the arteries that supply your heart with blood and give you a heart attack. It goes right to the dangerous fat stores around your body organs. Okay, so lets take a look at the... My "do not look," the back. All right. Im good. Ive just had tattoos-- So you have no hard spots, huh? Nothing. Its very soft. No? No? Is that good? Very, very good. And its actually quite full. Okay, so thats one concern, whether the skin would actually give enough to allow you to have an increase in the volume. Mm-hm. Theres a couple of other concerns that are very significant in your case. Okay, so youve had two Brazilian Butt Lifts. Yeah. The first one took it from your abdomen and back here. Mm-hm. Okay? So you were able to then gain more weight for a second one, but this time you not only gained a bit here, you gained it in other areas. Everywhere, yeah. Thats called redistribution. This is how it works. Have a seat. I wanna tell you something. And this is really important. And "really" is true. Okay. So there are basically two types of fat. Okay. Theres the body fat, and then theres visceral fat. Visceral fat is the fat thats around your organs and your heart. The problem is your visceral fat compartment is now your primary fat area. Meaning if you gain weight... Oh, no. Its gonna go right back. ...it goes right to the dangerous fat stores around your body organs. How do I get rid of that fat now, though? Diet. The bottom line for Aimi is that in order to do another butt lift, she needs to gain more fat, but because of the redistribution of fat, shes putting her health at risk. She should focus on losing weight and not gaining weight. And, by the way, with the visceral fat, besides what he told you, what it does, it shoots up your cholesterol and makes you close to getting diabetes. Type 2. Really? Yeah. Elevated cholesterol can block the arteries that supply your heart with blood and give you a heart attack. You dont want your body to write a check that your heart cant handle. Thats true. Yeah. What is that expression? You know? So... Makes sense. Someone whos smarter makes sense. Oh, shut up. Wanker. Wanker. Wanker. Such a wanker, you are. This is a big shock to me. Its a wakeup call. Whats the point of looking beautiful if youre dead? No one wants to look at me in a coffin. Youve actually made sense, and no one has done that yet. So youre not gonna get it done? No, Im not gonna get it done. Feel bloody good. By the way-- Ive been trying for ages to talk her out of this. Yes. Yes. All right, I am so happy. Yeah. ...about that. You actually talked me around. Great pleasure meeting you. Thank you so much. Thank you. Really a pleasure. Thank you. Have fun working out. Thank you so much. Thank you, guys. Pleasure. Thank you. - Jessica, how are you? - Hello. Im nervous but good. Youre nervous? I dont know why. Ive had how many surgeries? And all of a sudden... I kind of realize that this is the last day Im gonna have these huge encapsulated implants. Well have to see what I end up doing with the extra $20 a month that I wont be spending on boob glue. Weve talked about the idea of whether youre going to have breast implants put back in or not. Right. What to do. What to do. For Jessicas surgery today, I will make incisions below her areolas and remove her old implants. I will then assess the pockets and determine whether or not Ill be giving Jessica new breast implants. I will then perform a capsulotomy by releasing scar tissue in the upper portion of the right breast. Finally, Ill perform a breast lift on both sides, hopefully achieving a symmetrical result. The first thing we have to do is open up this right breast. What the hell? What is that? Look at this. If there was ever a biofilm... A biofilm is supposed to be something you can only see microscopically, but this is a very thick film of slimy material. Ever seen this before? Its got this thick slime everywhere. Jessie has what I would call a macroscopic bacterial biofilm or slime. Most biofilms are microscopic. You actually cant see them with the naked eye. Hers is so significant that its created a large enough volume that you can actually see it, touch it, feel it, and remove it, and its real disgusting. - Ewch. - Ew. - Ew. - Jesus. Lets look at the inside of the pocket and see whats going on. Oh, my God, look at that. Ew. Very, very inflamed... Angry. ...irritated looking capsule. Now that weve determined shes really not a candidate for an implant, lets figure out how good a candidate she is for just a lift alone. Lets staple her up and see what its gonna look like. The extraordinary challenge today with Jessies breast is the fact that her right breast is high and tight. The left breast, unfortunately, is low and loose. I have to find a way to make them even, and really the only way to do that is to try to raise the left breast crease and move the breast tissue from the sides and displace it into the upper pole to match the upper pole fullness on the right... if I can. Oh, that so works. Look at that. That looks so good. The size is pretty similar. She does not need implants. I totally agree. These are small D, full C. I like it, I like it, I like it, I like it, I like it. So his tip is starting to get a little purple. I just hope that skin doesnt die. I need to remove all her dressings, make sure all the tissue is alive and hope that the symmetry that I saw on the table still is intact. They look black. - Hi. - Hi, how are you? Doing good. How are you? Good, good. Im checking in. Please have a seat, and well be right with you shortly. Thanks. If Dr. Nassif was able to fix my nose, Ill probably have it insured like celebrities have their behinds insured or something cause this nose has cost a lot of money. This point in time Im just gonna walk with a bodyguard or something. Hi, Dr. Nassif. How are you? How are you, my friend? Im good. Are you ready for this? Im ready. The goal today is to try to improve Sammys breathing and hopefully give him a normal looking nose. If theres a chance that we can get a buttonhole, which is a cut or hole in the skin, or two, a risk of necrosis, where the skin can actually die, so thats what Im a little bit anxious about. Today for Sammys surgery, my team and I will harvest rib from the chest, fascia from the scalp, and composite grafts from the ears. Ill then open up the nose and chisel away the bone from the skull that is making Sammys nose so hard. Next well use the grafts we built from the harvested rib to insert alar batten grafts and articulated rim grafts to open his airway. Fashion cartilage to make a diced cartilage fascia graft to build up his bridge and a septal extension graft to augment his columellar. Okay, got a gown? Yeah, thats a nice sized piece of tissue there. So fascia harvested. Gonna start on the composite grafts while you work on the rib. All right? Okay, good. It looks like we have some cartilage there. So thats good news. We have the rib coming out. Yeah, Im trying to inject in between the skin and whatever-- Im trying to create a plane. No way. The needle is bending. Ive never seen anything like this. I cant even get the needle in the skin. Its like hitting a rock. Whoo. If I cant elevate the skin, I cant do a rhinoplasty. And if thats the case, I cant help him. Oh, no. Im a little bit worried that Im not gonna be able to lift up his skin. Actually not a little worried. Im a lot worried. Going into this, I thought I had a great plan. Now I know that this is a real nightmare. So try this. Damn. There you go. Im trying to elevate Sammys skin from whatever it is, whether its an implant, cartilage, bone, I dont know yet. What moron would put something inside the nose like this? Mother of God what is in there? Mother of pearl. Come on. Whoo. All right, part one-- elevation of the skin off this block or whatever the hell it is, is complete. Now part twos gonna try to be removing some of this foreign whatever the hell it is. I finally lift up the skin, and Sammys previous surgeon reconstructed with ear cartilage, calcified rib, and also a lot of cranial bone graft. Is that common? No. Go, go, go. Go, go. Harder. I feel like I have a jackhammer in my hand, trying to break down cement. It took some work, but we were finally able to remove everything from Sammys nose. Now its time for reconstruction. Okay, the diced cartilage fascia is going in. Lets see if its big enough. This feels good. So were chopping up some of this cartilage that we took from Sammys nose previously to try to augment his columellar, get his columellar to stick out a little bit. Give me the right now. Okay, that should be good. So his tip, you know, its starting to get a little purple. I just hope that skin doesnt die. Thats all. Right now Im cautiously optimistic, but its definitely something that we need to keep our eye on. I cant believe I lifted off that skin off that bone. - Hello. - Hi, guys. How are you? Im excited to hear what happened. I wanna know everything. It was very clear instantly that you were not a candidate for implants. Okay. So that kind of made the decision for us a lot easier. Okay, for us. Now that were 24 hours out from Jessies surgery, I need to remove all her dressings, make sure all the tissue is alive, particularly the nipple and areola area and hope that the symmetry that I saw on the table still is intact. Honestly, Im really optimistic. Oh, that was scary. Wasnt it? What did you think, it was a nipple? No cause this-- you had a little blood clot over this. Uh-huh. And it looked black. Okay, the nipples nice and alive. Am I better? Huh? Huh? You know, without implants, thats remarkable. I have a sense of relief now that I dont have implants. But Im actually pretty content now to have beautiful, smaller boobs. and never have to worry about the maintenance or any other issues again that come with implants. Implants are out. The chance that you can encapsulate is zero. Im relieved. Right? I really am. All right. Thank you so much. Congratulate-- Youre welcome. Congratulations. Thank you. How are you, Dr. Nassif? I think really the question is how are you doing? Great. I was very fearful that your whole tip would die. Luckily it didnt. The only thing was where-- What-- These guys. Oh, yeah. They had a all-you-can-eat buffet. You had four? Four. I was a bit freaked out at first, and then they started eating the blood for circulation, and apparently they secrete some kind of enzyme, so it was quite freaky. Im gonna take them out. Is that okay? Sure. You got a big nose. Head back. Okay. And theres one area that Im worried about. Around the incision theres about a 3mm area that is dark, and that 3mm area of darkness is most likely a partial breakdown of the tissue. I want you to keep ointment. Okay. Any antibiotic ointment, whatever, just keep that moist. Gotcha. Im worried about Sammys columellar. Theres a lot of blood thats stuck to the columellar, so I cant tell whats going on underneath the skin. That columellar skin can die. But lets see how he heals. Of what I see, I see my old nose really. Im eternally grateful. Thank you from the bottom of my heart, really. Thank you so much. Thank you. Ill see you. Thank you. Great. Pleasure. See you guys later. Thank you. Today I feel rejuvenated. I feel free of the prison I was in. Mommy! Looking back on this whole entire journey, its been a whirlwind. I have gone through boob envy, thinking that my boobs were gonna be amazing and perfect and didnt even think about having issues, but in the end, I ended up with nothing but problems. Hows Jessie been since the surgerys been done? Shes been good. Been good? Shes been good, been able to do more things with the kids. Yeah, thats good. Itd be good to see her. I havent really cruised the classics at a car show in a few years. You know? I was kind of in a rut, but today I feel rejuvenated. I feel free of the prison I was in for the last nine years. Im not self-conscious about my breasts anymore, and its just a relief. I am comfortable in front of my husband, and Im just comfortable in general. And its a great feeling. Im real excited for you guys to see her. Its like a new-and-improved Jessie. Hey! Hey, hey. Thats her. Yes. Its about time. Look whos here, Carlos. You look so beautiful. Oh, thank you. I think that Dr. Dubrow and Dr. Nassif are good at doing surgery, so they should keep doing that for their career. Gorgeous. Hello. Hello. Youre glowing. Hi, Cruz. Watching Jessie come out of that beautiful green car reminds me of why I fell in love with her. To be able to see that again really put a smile on my face. I can see the self confidence boost in her, and she looked absolutely amazing. I can actually wear something without a bra, off the shoulder. Oh, my gosh. Before my surgery, my breasts looked like they needed to be in a body shop. My left breast was droopy and deflated while my right breast was hard and sat high on my chest, and I wouldnt let my husband even touch my breasts. But now, thanks to Dr. Dubrow, my breasts are symmetrical, perky, and I am now happy to have the intimacy that Ive never had with my husband. I hope I never have to see a bottle of boob glue again. Whats your favorite, Carlos? I like this one. Oh, Mommys car, of course. Huh. Its been a journey of accidents. Its been a journey of pain. Ive been through so much physically. Now its like a new life for me. I look better, I feel better. Its like a new beginning. I cant wait to see Sammy. I know. I cant. Just gotta pinch his cheeks. Hes a Lebanese Ricky Martin. He is. He is-- Oh, my God. Ive known Sammy since 1993. Ive been there for every nose, and it has been a very difficult journey for him. I hope this one will be the last one. So has it changed his personality any? He must be so excited. I... Ready to get back on the stage. Hes getting cockier than ever. Oh, so-- so his confidence is back. Yes. Cheers. Im so happy. After my accident, I pretty much isolated myself because I wasnt comfortable with the way I look. So Im super excited to see friends that I havent seen for a while, so lets get the party started. All right, bitches! Oh, my God. To see him so excited. It just made all of us so happy. Its sheer confidence. And he can breathe now. I can hear his voice sound clearer. Thank you for being part of it all. No. I mean, of course. Youre amazing. I love you. Youre my brother. Youre my brother. I know. For my surgery, my nose had no structure and had no bridge. I was very self-conscious, and I found it very difficult to breathe. But now, thanks to Dr. Nassif, my nose is straight, its bigger. It fits my face. I can breathe better. And watch out, world, the old Sammys back, and its just the beginning. Im ready to... party! My butt went viral. Thank you for seeing me. The world wants to know about this booty. My nose looks like a pigs nose. I would actually make it straighter, a little bit narrow. Hello, one, two, three, four. That doesnt sound that great. Plus watch. Try to breathe. My boobs are dragging me down literally. Can I still put a very full implant in, or will it be too tight? Way overfilled. They really pushed the envelope here. OpenSubtitles recommends using Nord VPN from 3.49 USD/month ----> osdb.link/vpn 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 