Animaniacs: Season 5, Episode 2 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Animaniacs 
 s5e2 - It/Dot: The Macadamia Nut/Bully for Skippy - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Animaniacs (1993–1998): Season 5, Episode 2 - It/Dot: The Macadamia Nut/Bully for Skippy - full transcript 
 First, a mysterious "It" chases Wakko through the house. In a musical interlude, "Dot - The Macadamia Nut," the Animaniacs dance while Yakko and Wakko sing backup for Dot in a parody of MTV's "The Macarena" video. The last cartoon, "Bully For Skippy," features Skippy Squirrel confronting a school bully just as Slappy becomes the target of a Congressional hearing on TV violence. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 [dripping] [dramatic music] [wind howling] [intense music] [music continues] Tag. You're it. [laughing] ♪ It's time for Animaniacs ♪ ♪ And we're zany to the max ♪ ♪ So just sit back and relax you'll laugh till you collapse ♪ ♪ We're Animaniacs ♪ 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 ♪ Come join the Warner brothers and the Warner sister Dot ♪ ♪ Just for fun we run around the Warner movie lot ♪ ♪ They lock us in the tower whenever we get caught ♪ ♪ But we break loose and then vamoose ♪ ♪ And now you know the plot ♪ ♪ We're Animaniacs ♪ ♪ Dot is cute and Yakko yaks ♪ ♪ Wakko packs away the snacks we pay tons of income tax ♪ ♪ We're Animaniacs ♪ ♪ Meet Ralph and Dr. Scratchensniff ♪ ♪ Say hi to Hello Nurse ♪ ♪ Good Feathers flock together ♪ ♪ Slappy whacks 'em with her purse ♪ ♪ Buttons chases Mindy while Rita sings a verse ♪ 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 ♪ The writers flipped we have no script why bother to rehearse? ♪ ♪ We're Animaniacs ♪ ♪ We have pay or play contracts ♪ ♪ We're zany to the max there's baloney in our slacks ♪ ♪ We're animany ♪ ♪ Totally insaney ♪ ♪ Uh.. ♪ ♪ Animaniacs ♪ ♪ Those are the facts ♪♪ [peppy music] ♪ Hello nurse ♪ ♪ Uh ♪ (Dot) 'I am not trying to be annoying.' ♪ I act like a nut so they call me Macadamia ♪ ♪ I dance like a klutz on a show called Animania ♪ ♪ Am I a cutie absolutey ♪ ♪ And a beauty you can bet your patootie ♪ ♪ But if you touch me or even get near me ♪ ♪ I'll have you arrested do you hear me? ♪ ♪ Dot is a nut so they call her Macadamia ♪ ♪ She's cracked in the head and kooky in the brainia ♪ ♪ Each line in this song sounds pretty much the sameia ♪ ♪ Oy Macadamia ♪ Duh! ♪ Donde que vas  a nintendo Macadamia ♪ ♪ Hola que pasa  you grande sack o' grania ♪ ♪ Qui a coupe le fromage  we abstainia ♪ ♪ Oy Macadamia ♪ Wha! ♪ Now please don't mention by brother ♪ ♪ The one they call Wakkoreno ♪ [Wakko burps] ♪ He's always burping every hour ♪ ♪ So I threw him out of the tower ♪ Whoa! Come on. What did you want me to do? He was grossing me out! And I'm just a cute, little thing. So don't cross me! ♪ She's cracked like a nut so they call her Macadamia ♪ ♪ Whenever she gets mad you'll experience painia ♪ ♪ Cuts and bruises you will sustainia ♪ ♪ Oy Macadamia ♪ Narf! ♪ Lava tus manos  por favor Macadamia ♪ ♪ The world is the goal for Pinky and the Brainia ♪ ♪ Otra vez on y vas the  repetitive refrainia ♪ ♪ Oy Macadamia ♪ Yes! thwack thwack Don't hate me because I'm cute. [music continues] Ow! ♪ Mac Mac Mac Mac Mac Macadamia ♪ ♪ Mac Mac Mac Mac Mac Macadamia ♪ ♪ Mac Mac Mac Mac Mac Macadamia ♪ ♪ Oy Macadamia ♪ Spew. ♪ Mac Mac Mac Mac Mac Macadamia ♪ ♪ Mac Mac Mac Mac Mac Macadamia ♪ ♪ Mac Mac Mac Mac Mac Macadamia ♪ ♪ Oy Macadamia ♪ B'gawk! [laughing] I don't get it. What's the joke? (together) Uh.. Uh.. ♪ I'm a nut who's known as Macadamia ♪ ♪ But you can call me by my other nameia ♪ ♪ Louisa Francesca Banana-Fanna Bo Besca ♪ ♪ Or just plain Dot the name I flirt to ♪ ♪ But if you call me Dottie I'll have to hurt you ♪ ♪ Mac Mac Mac Mac Mac Macadamia ♪ ♪ Mac Mac Mac Mac Mac Macadamia ♪ ♪ Mac Mac Mac Mac Mac Macadamia ♪ ♪ Oy Macadamia ♪ ♪ Mac Mac Mac Mac Mac Macadamia ♪ ♪ Mac Mac Mac Mac Mac Macadamia ♪ ♪ Mac Mac Mac Mac Mac Macadamia ♪ ♪ Oy Macadamia nuts ♪♪ [peppy music] [orchestral music] And now, the chairman of the Federal Television Agency 'Reef Blunt.' My fellow bureaucrats, this is an historic moment for both parents and children. I'd like to thank you all for creating this new legislation. Not only does it clamp down on TV violence but it requires three hours, every week of educational kids programmin' 'on every station in America.' We're ruined! It's the end of civilization as we know it. A-and we expect everyone involved in kids TV to adhere to its strict guidelines. Especially you, Miss Squirrel. Somebody shoot me. And to help you out with your future programs you'll each be recieveing one of our educational and nonviolent problem solvers. More of your tax dollars at work! [growling] - Who are they, Aunt Slappy? - Media watchdogs. [tires screeching] [explosion] Ah! The explosion channel. All explosions all the time. Sweet bliss! [knocking] Uh, for the love of Mike Ovitz! Who is it? Delivery for Miss Slappy Squirrel from the Federal Television Agency. A gift from Reef Blunt. Why won't this guy get off my back? It's harassment, I tell you! [grunting] - What are you waiting for? - A tip. Floss everyday. Now, go away. [slams] "The FTA's educational and nonviolent problem solver." Oh, brother! Some assembly required my herniated disk. "Insert Tab A into slot B. Then get shaft C--" thud - I got the shaft, alright. - 'Aunt Slappy, I'm home.' You got some band-aid? Skippy, you look like you went a round with Evander Holyfield. This has been the worst day ever in the whole, wide world. [gasps] You mean, Mel Brooks made a sequel to Robin Hood, Men In Tights? - No. - Then don't scare me like that. I'm old. I could have an attack. Now, what's the problem? That same boy beat me up after school again. You mean, the kid with no forehead? - Yeah, Duke. - Not to worry, Skippy. I've got just the thing to solve your problem. Ah, here we are. My trusty Acme mallet. Once used in Wap Wap Wappy-Slappy, 1944 directed by Stubby Winker. Here's the clip. [laughing] What a schmutz! When I get my paws on that squirrel I will commence with the biting. Yah.. This guy's got strudel in his noodle. Ha. wham Step right up, sunny. Ring the bell and win a prize. Try your luck with the mallet. Danke schon.  I'd like to play a game. Give it to me. You got it, pal! bang There's a winner everytime. And thankfully, it's me! [laughing] Now, that's comedy. Aunt Slappy, I can't use the mallet on the school bully. Why not? 'Cause we'd get dragged into another congressional hearing. No. I'd rather eat prunes and beans with Rush Limbaugh. Spe-e-ew! Besides, in school we're taught to seek nonviolent solutions to confict. Wait, my hearing aid must be on the blink. My guidance counsellor says violence never solved anything. Come again. Tomorrow she wants me to come in to discuss nonaggressive solutions to my bully problems. You're not my nephew. You're one of those body snitchin' pod people I'm always reading about in the checkout line. - That'll be 10.95. - Hey, quit rushing me. Can't you see I'm catchin' up on the news here? What've you done with my nephew, you little E.T.? No. It's me. And I'm going to listen to my counsellor and use modern psychology on the bully. Psychology? Oh, yeah. That'll teach him. After all, Aunt Slappy it's time to build that bridge to the 21st century. Yeah, well, you still need a mallet to build a bridge, you know. thud You also need one to smash the bridge into little, tiny pieces. [bell ringing] Now, Skippy, it's quite simple. To peacefully resolve your dilemma one must realise that children become bullies to get attention. Ignore him and his behaviour will stop. Okay, Miss Butley. I'll try it. Hey, skunky. Nice baseball cap. Cough it up. [Skippy whistling] What do you think you're doing? I'm ignoring you, Duke. - Oh, yeah? - I'm still ignoring you. [whistling continues] [bombarding] How about now? You now have my undivided attention. Razzer frazer, no good Reef Blunt. Why, I oughta.. [knocking] It's two, two, two means one. thud Are you ready to try it my way, Skippy? [mumbling] You don't have to be a rocket scientist to figure that one out. Miss Butley, that last bit of advice you gave me didn't exactly work. Perhaps, a different approach will prove more successful. Some bullies lash out for a lack of friendship. Be his friend. Share something with him. - And he will be friend you. - Okay, Miss Butley. I sure hope this works. It's diphead. I'm hungry. Give me your lunch box. How about if we share our lunches, Duke? Huh? Oh, why, sure, scampy. - I'll share. - Great! You can have half of my peanut butter 'n walnut sandwich. Hey, thanks. And you can have my entire knuckle sandwich. thwack Huh! I haven't done this much construction since my last facelift. [knocking] It's open. [indistinct mumbling] thud Give up there, Sigmund Freud? [mumbling] If he's getting all over the place he's gotta be on your face. I hope this isn't some kind of 12 step program. I don't think the kid can take it. So far, your advice is killing me, Miss Butley. Don't be discouraged, Skippy. With some bullies you must appeal to their sense of empathy. What? 'Inform him that he's hurting your feelings.' In forgiveness, extend a friendly handshake. Then, his conscience will take over. Are you sure you're a doctor? [laughing] Why, of course, I am, Skippy. Oh, alright. This better work. Hey, slippy. Come here! You're late for your three 'o clock pummelling. Duke, you've been picking on me. And it really hurts my feelings. But I'm willing to forgive and forget, and be friends. Let's shake on it. Oh, shucks, that's strange, snippy. You mean, shake...like this? [screaming] Hey, scampy. Watch out for that.. [crashing] ...bus. Ha-ha-ha. Ha-ha-ha. "Tighten restraining bolt G57...to valve in 33." And, bingo! Baby's finished. [crashing] And so am I. [knocking] Now what? He's strong enough for a man, but bad for a woman. So, Skippy. Have you had all you can stands and you can't stands no more? Aunt Slappy, let's get ready to rumble. That's my nephew who said that. [peppy music] [laughing] [Skippy whistling] Hey, chrome dome, nice helmet. Hand it over. [whistling] - What are you doing? - Ignoring you. Again? Boy, you're stupider than I thought. Hey. Nice fit. Now, skummy, I'm gonna.. [screaming] 'Ouch.' Ouch! 'Ouch.' 'Ouch.' 'Ouch.' Ouch. Ouch. Ouch. 'Ouch.' 'Ouch..' Just like I say... education starts at home. Pretty sparky. Da-a-ang. I think he's starting to appreciate the gravity of his situation. [both laughing] [laughing] That stupid squirrel. I'll learned him who's boss. [rock music] (Duke) Hold it right there, stubby. Give me that radio or I'll knock your block off! - What? - I said, give me that radio! What? Give me that radio or I'll cream you up. Okay, Duke. I'll let you have it. click Hey, what gives? Where's the music? [sizzling] [explosion] Ah! They're playing my song. On second thought, you can keep it. Huh...now, that's what I call a boom box. [both laughing] [laughing] That little rodent! I'm gonna do bad things to him. Hold it, schwimpy! Duke, this is your last chance to shake hands and be pals. Some guys just never learn. I'll take that backpack. How about that? It fits me like it was made for me. As a matter of fact, Duke, it was! [sizzling] [screaming] [explosion] We fight a never ending battle for truth, justice. And big comedy explosions. [both laughing] I thought I told that Slappy Squirrel to follow the new childrens' TV guidelines. 'Heads will roll for this.' Hurry up, will you? I'd like this done in my lifetime. That's the last piece, Miss Squirrel. All finished. Good job, Duke. And may I thank you both again for showing me the error of my ways. Ah, don't get mushy on us. We actually enjoyed it. Yeah. You bloat up good. Boom! [both laughing] [knocking] Now, who could that be? She asked as if she cared. Well, what do you know. It's my old crony from Washington, Reef Blunt. And my guidance counsellor, Miss Butley. I am appalled, Miss Squirrel to find that you encouraged your nephew to use force to solve his personal conflicts. And I've been watching your cartoon and I have some serious questions about its content. Your behaviour is infantile and grossly irresponsible. I hope you can show me what you were trying to prove. As a matter of fact, I can.. ...by using that gift you sent me, Reef. 'We just finished putting it together.' - Huh? - Hey! [both screaming] What is this thing, anyway? (Slappy) 'It's the Government's educational and non-violent' 'problem solver.' What's does it do? It's supposed to end all conflicts without onscreen violence. All the violence takes place offscreen? Exactly. And besides, it's Government approved. So you know it's good for you. Ew. It sure sounds awful. I made a few minor adjustments to liven things up a bit. [both screaming] But does it really solve problems and end conflicts? Good question, kiddo. Let's find out. On second thought, Miss Squirrel I agree with your approach whole heartedly. A-ah.. Slappy Squirrel, you've opened my eyes. Literally. The Federal Television Agency gives you and your fan show its full approval. Approved. Approved. Approved. [screaming] Conflict ended. Problem solved. This baby works like a charm. Aunt Slappy, you're giving a hope to a whole new generation. Ha-ha. Now, that's edutainment. [theme music] (together)  Buenas noches! OpenSubtitles recommends using Nord VPN from 3.49 USD/month ----> osdb.link/vpn  
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 