Midsomer Murders: Season 4, Episode 1 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Midsomer Murders 
 s4e1 - Garden of Death - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Midsomer Murders (1997–…): Season 4, Episode 1 - Garden of Death - full transcript 
 Townspeople of a Midsomer village are up in arms over a wealthy, hated family's decision to turn a once-public memorial garden into a tea room. When one of the family is found murdered, Barnaby and Troy must weed through the townspeople's sordid lives to uncover the culprit. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 THE GARDEN OF DEATH Paradisea liliastrum. Eriostachya digitalis. Penstemon Strictus. LIgularia dentata. Platycodon grandifloris. Oh, for God's sake! Good morning, Mrs. Inkpen. I have heard that there are changes on the roads by seeds. Odious little upstart. Hey, come on! Oh, for God's sake. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Hey, come on! How much time will it be? This is a plan of the gardens. We have an absolutely beautiful collection of euphorbiaceae. But unfortunately, no We have video games. The Inkpen have been here since the Reformation. Then they had time enough to organize a decent parking lot. Naomi had to sell does 25 years. Her husband died, he left her penniless. A stockbroker called Gerald Bennett bought the place. Now, the Inkpen, of course they are back My God, 11 pounds! How do you know all this? Desmond, from the village store, who offers our organic meat. I did not know what had happened to organic 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Did not you notice the difference? Do not Did not you go to the golf course? No, I have not been to the golf course. Oh, euphorbias, is not it? Yes, very good. Any possibility of a cup of t ? Are you going for a walk, dear? No, a bathroom. Daniel just gave me this. Apparently, he had something to say? About aging of mothers? You know what they say, dear. "The old varieties, They smell more sweet " Take that to the ticket booth, Hilary. They are almost over. These are beautiful. They are very fashionable at the moment. Penstemon. It's called "White Bedder" Oh The flowers are very good until the autumn. I have not seen them before, Are they difficult to propagate? No, not really. Only with softwood cuttings, without flowering Do you live in the area? Yes, close. Causton. It will be making these the next week. Could you? get some, if you want. What is the name? Barnaby, Joyce. but actually ... It is not a problem. They they deserve greater recognition. What is the address? Parchmore Close, number 6. Parchmore ... good. Good, Consider it done, Joyce. See you next week. Thank you. See, a kind guy. The next time it will be one of Women, if you help me! This is not the wild west, sir. I'm afraid he's under arrest. I've had enough! You can hardly blame her for her behavior to Rodney Widger. I'm not talking about Widger. If they have to fornicate so least have the dignity of not fight like worried skunks for the pants! And for the garden ... My garden, mother. My garden and my gardener. Then, in front of the consequences of your actions greedy. Yes, well, when it comes to of greed. Hilary, bring me my whiskey with water please. And I want another gin and tonic. Mam ? No thanks. Hello, dad! Pap ? What is the problem? Desmond Hi, Jane. I just heard about the monument. What the hell are you doing? Idea of ​​Elspeth. Garden Manor is doing popular and decided that they need a salt of t . And that's where you're going to build it. But he can not. It's going to break the heart of daddy. You know there's a meeting tonight? Hi Daniel, give us something. Come on, you promised. I said no. You gave something to my sister. How did you know about that? She told me. She is only 15. Yes, his sister. A bottle. And do not mount your bikes after. "Memorial Garden closed" Mam .  S , dear? What is happening? Between you and Fliss? Do not pay attention to your sister, Dear. It does not matter what he says. Never. It's just a little cranky. Sometimes I would like to have given it in adoption, instead of you. Oh darling. Are getting closer the rustic. Just so you do not forget, Mrs. Inkpen-Thomas. Village Hall, at 7:30. There is no other place where I'd like to be, Desmond. I'm happy to be the cause of so much emotion. Who said the town English was dead? Abad a Deverell Richard! No driver, Is there no chaplain? You could be a seller commercial instead of a bishop. Good evening, father. Are you okay? Well enough to give those damn Inkpen a nosebleed! I'll see you later. Unless you want to come? Eh ... exactly where? Village Hall. The people of the town they came to me. I'm not sorry. Pleased to be a Deverell where a Deverell should be, in the center of events. You knew that today is your anniversary? Two years since you entered in our life here. Within your family a lot of time lost. Yes. Yes, I knew. Do you still happy about it? During all that time and effort to locate us. Have we been what you expected? I'm not complaining. Very generous of you I understand, Fliss. What it must have been for you when he showed up. The spoiled unit of suddenly reveals that it is not just in the end. Because there was a bastard stalking. Do you think I'm jealous? Resigned? Do you think I hate you? I do not hate you. I pity you. Because what you ... Will you come to the meeting? Do not you think it's a little ... voyeur? No, not at all, it's a public meeting. And I'm interested I hope you are not thinking To talk. No, but I can vote. If they ask for a vote by show of hands. Oh, look who's there? What? The man with the shotgun. The uniformed must have left it free. You never finished what You were saying Inside, before, you told me that You pity me Why? Because we have different parents. But I know that. If you were a gentleman, it would move to leave us, my daughter and me, sit together If you were a lady, I would not doubt it. There are still places further back, Mrs. Inkpen. More back? I have not sat down further in my whole life. The humility of Mrs. Inkpen is the greatest of the many gifts what has happened to their descendants. Mother! Ladies and gentlemen! If only I could call the order to this meeting. The Vicar sends his apologies for his absence and blessings of peace for all. But we welcome, particularly this afternoon, to Mrs. Elspeth Inkpen-Thomas. and we thank you for having accepted to take part in what promises to be a lively debate. Although I'm sure that in the words about the Garden Memorial I will have common sense and tolerance in our debates. Who will speak first? Jane Bennett, Dr. Bennett, daughter of Gerald Bennett, who he created the Memorial Garden. Remove this beautiful place, that gives pleasure and a sense of community to many, to replace it with a commercial come out of t . it is an act of unspeakable vandalism. And I would like to ask Mrs. Inkpen-Thomas with what straight disarm and destroy what was freely given to This town for my father. Ms. Millard, members from the town committee. Mrs. Bennett asks what right? Well, the simple answer is with the right of property. When his father sold us again Inkpen Manor, five years ago, there was no objection. Legally the Memorial Garden It is our property. Everything Mr. Bennett did, In addition to creating it, was to grant the right of access to the villagers. Everything we are doing is to withdraw that right. What the Inkpen choose do in that sense, it's nobody's business, in this place, tonight. I mean, if the people really want a Memorial Garden of tastelessness ... ..a Memorial Garden of tastelessness, to build it somewhere else. I bet you can not wait to turn this into a room for t . Always being on the side of mam in everything. Your father was nice, then, Fliss? Is that what you think? I know that the mine is a mystery, but yours ... the husband of mam . Nice? My God, no! Escaped and left us centuries ago, long before we we launched here. It is an Inkpen tradition bad choice of men. Of course, you probably end with the Enchanting Prince. But, it must be provided. I mean, how could I afford to keep ... All this? AraTo recover our heritage? Wealth to poverty, to the wealth again. It's a fairy tale, dear. Have you bought this? Yes, in the store. We have been negligent with your education, Hilary. You want to know what really I mean? Order, order.  Order! What are you doing here? She has the shortest straw, sir. The uniformed cover their backs They ask CID to review the situation  Widger-Inkpen. What's Widger anyway? What is this? Is it about me? Possibly. Possibly not. What's wrong with you? Do not you want to know? No, I do not want to. I do not like it when you're like that. Well, you were not very helpful. I kept silent, did not I? What does it mean? I want to say that I think that you're wrong. You do not have to antagonize with a whole town like this. Now we worry about the opinion of the people? Do not be stupid. Maybe you should just keep all your options open What options? There must be someone in the village with whom you have not slept yet. Troy Lord? Go back inside. Try to find out where those guys were Do not turn around when you I'm talking. Where are you going? Back to the garden. I'm a gardener, remember? Trash. Trash. Lots of trash. Here Good Guy. Here Crispin! Crispin! Here is, I got it! Penstemon Blanca Bedder. Height 70cm. It is extended to 1.80 m ... It would look imposing in that corner ... Hello? I'm going to have to cut a little grass It does not bother you, does it? Troy Good morning, sir. How is it going? They secured the crime scene. They did not have time for much more. But I would say that a strong hit on the head with a blunt object. She has been dead at night, Hard as a board and deck of snails. And there is some possible detail of the coroner. Not much. Oh, I did not touch it. If you look closely there is a point small black Ink, maybe. Is it the writing? The end point of a signature, even, since it's in the corner. Yes, well done, Troy. There is nothing more. Who found it? Crisp n Crisp n? It's a black lab I have been struggling with my conscience, like every good Christian should. And there is something more I must tell you. Nobody likes telling stories, especially as a result of what it does not have ... what to hear without wanting ... but yesterday afternoon, then of the meeting ... Where are you going? Back to the garden! I'm a gardener, remember? I asked "Where do you go?" and he said "Back to the garden" Those were his exact words. Did he follow him? Follow it? You know for sure that it was direct to the garden, then? I do not follow men. Sorry. It's Mr. Bolt, is not it? Yes. Detective Sergeant Troy. Insecticide ... organic. Insecticide, sir? How do you kill them, intoxication of alcohol? Can I ask you when you saw Last time to Miss Felicity Inkpen, sir? What? Coartada? I'm sorry, of course, alibi. Last night, around 7:50. Before going to the meeting in the village. Not before the meeting, then? Do not. No, definitely not. I went straight home. By the street. No to the Memorial Garden, Did not I go back to the garden at all? Do not. They heard him say "back to the garden. " I was upset about the meeting. I was just dialing a point. I'm a gardener. Nothing more. Only a gardener. Not a womanizer, sir? You and your daughter Felicity, Were they in good terms? Who says the opposite? It was a dear and beautiful daughter. She was the daughter of her mother and I loved her more than I loved anyone in this horrible whole world. It's Hilary, is not it? I've been waiting for you. Last night, Fliss "came and the found. " Can I ask you why? Only to torment me. It was his favorite pastime. Oh, they did not get along? Do not. That must have been a bit difficult, life and work under same roof. Fliss did not work. I tried to model and act. Unlucky. Well, it's hard to get,  no? So I ended up hanging here, and boring. You know of someone else who feel for her the same as you? I mean, "tormented" someone else? Well, to everyone, really. It was his thing. A kind of search for attention, I suppose. But nobody in particular? Well, mam . Daniel ... Rodney Widger. Oh, the man with the shotgun? I'm sorry, Fliss and I do not We wore well, but ... It's not nice to talk about her in this way. Yes! Disc lpeme. I'm the Chief Detective Inspector Barnaby. Your granddaughter has been murdered. So you will understand that we have have to ask certain questions. Can I just ask you when Was it the last time you saw Felicity? Before going to the room meeting or after? I know it came out of the meeting, ... soon. I find his form and his insinuations Extremely offensive. And I have to say that I'm not completely overwhelmed by the Courtesy of your response. Really imagine that I'm not devastated by the death of my granddaughter? Species in extinction as the ours do not reduce their number from inside. You do not have the wit to look elsewhere? When there is a madman with a shotgun on the other side of the Street, and a young woman with an unhealthy emotional bond with his father less than a kilometer away. The crazy man with the shotgun, presumably Widger. Who is the girl with the Unhealthy addiction? Get in the car. I will show you Good morning Good morning Disgusting things last night. Yes, yes. The murder never It's nice, is not it? I was talking about the meeting. Mr. Cox, he was right to his house, last night after the meeting? No, I went for a beer at Mallow's. With whom? Charles King. Live in front of the Village Hall if you need to corroborate it. We will do it Mr. Cox, we will do it, With everyone. I was being funny, you know, about the murder. It's just that there will not be many at the funeral. I'm a suspect? You made a passionate speech, and left early in the meeting. I have nothing but contempt for the entire Inkpen clan, But why would he kill Fliss? Elspeth is the destroy the garden of pap . Except now it will stop. I imagine. For the moment at least. Jane, I realize that It is annoying. Really? Really? The garden was my life father for twenty years. It was he who made it what it is today, Not the Inkpen. Now he is very sick and tired of fighting. I have to be your champion. And it will be. Do you like gardening? It has become a fashion with young people, I think. You do not have to have a botique like my Jane. I see it on television, sometimes, when there is no football. Oh, I like football. I watched last night's game. What, live? I do not miss a match live. Was there anyone with you? Yes. Jane came at part time, but I prefer to look on my own. Prevent you from losing control or I get too excited. Know a man called Rodney Widger, Mr. Bennett? I think they used to be neighbors. Yes. Yes, in my "previous life" as I call it. He was an intemperate man. I never knew when I was going to lose the stirrups. We have not had much what to do with l. Were you and your daughter? Oh no. My wife. Cynthia Jane was in college, so. She has done very well, He has a master's degree in science. Mm. What was he saying? about Rodney Widger? Oh, yes. I'm afraid Cynthia used to incite it on purpose. She could be very bad Sometimes, you know. I guess he felt pretty relieved when she left. He left ?! Oh, yes. The report as a person disappeared, of course. But I'm sure it was tired of taking second place after the Antirruhinums. Why are you moving to Daddy for all that again? I'm sorry, I was just asking Mr. Bennett about his ex-neighbor, Rodney Widger Do you see, today? Only when he passes with his shotgun. "Sacrificing bugs", as He says. Foxes, rabbits, pigeons ... Most gardeners I would do it with some networks. Rodney's solution for the pests ... ... is to kill them. The simple reason why left early from the meeting It was that I needed a bath. Urgently. I have had a little cystitis Prostate. I do not have the prostate. I arrived home, right home. Answered the call of nature and then I saw the second time of football. He does not deny that he had had a altercation at the beginning of the day? I had an altercation with a car and I'm released on bail to appear before the judges. They threatened to take me my shotgun I do not like to be disturbed, when everything I've done is to preserve my property. They have some water in the Village Hall? If he is desperate. Oh, for God's sake. She would not open. Okay? The Millard woman. Do not like the idea of ​​men. He does not like men, new paragraph. Can you tell us something about Cynthia Bennett? He used to live in Inkpen Manor. We know where he used to live, thank you. Only what we are reviewing our missing files. Sorry. I need the bathroom. Urgently. What was that all about, sir? Cynthia Bennett and people disappeared? I was waiting for you to take it out, Troy You said it. Cynthia Bennett was, apparently, a thorn in Widger's side. Same as the Inkpen girl. Oh, will you stop whining? She brought it in herself. Both are entirely to blame. Retreating with Daniel, insulting Widger. Raising the finger to all town when they have not raised the skirt, that's it! Old slut without a heart! Mam , she did not mean that. I meant every syllable. That's how our 500 years? Like the episode of some sordid television novel? You are bound to have so much nobility as a fishmonger in a brothel. I'm leaving! Mam ... I just heard. Elspeth, I'm terribly sorry. Thanks, Richard. Thank you. If someone loves me, or your grandmother falls dead, I will be in the vicar a. Uh, I think we've never met known. I'm Richard Deverell. Hilary, I'd like a t . Susan, I need a room to tonight. No, if you have to change the grass, you have to change the grass. A lot or a little, it's fine for me. Well, now if only really Flames to say ... I do not know when I'll be at home. In agreement. And t . I'll call you later. Goodbye. Say it. Pumpey? Yes, Pumpey. It's just a nickname like Scrumpy.  Letal? Best. A subtle apple mix and potato with a tincture of garlic. And where is the alembic or whatever is? I got rid of him yesterday at night, after the meeting. So he was here? No, in the Memorial Garden. I did not go near the Garden Memorial. I saw no one. But it was not right home. You minted, Mr. Bolt. Well, what would you do if you thought Did you kill someone? I mean the guys. They could fall into a coma ... or the h gado stop working or ... I'm talking about the guys. Do not leave town, Mr. Bolt. And stay away from Pumpey. What I can not understand, sir, It is what women see in Him. It has dirt under the nails. Mrs. Inkpen. Sorry to bother again. I had the hope of See your daughter It is not here. Can I ask ... In the vicar a. T and sympathy. Oh good. Since I'm here, I wonder ... Remember if Felicity received a letter in the last days? A letter? Felicity? It seems very unlikely to me. Only communicated by cell phone. LaTo the vicar a? No, I'll leave it, I saw enough Inkpen for a day. Anyway, let's see if the laboratory has something about that piece of paper. Now what, then? I'm checking alibis. Desmond is absolutely right. We went directly to the room of Crooked Billet. Janet answered us. Janet? That big girl Are you married, Mr. King? Oh, without rest. Miss Inkpen, Fliss, had Some reputation, s ? Reputation is like a clue recorded, I think I'll find everything. A tease, nothing real. Or at least that's what I've heard. So they were not ... Intimately familiar? I'm afraid not, I say it with feeling. If you are looking for a crime passionate, is looking in the wrong place Oh, sorry Mrs. Millard, Mrs. Inkpen-Thomas. I'm so sorry, I heard about ... Seriously? Really seriously? I could have an extra bread if Do you have on board, Desmond? Mrs. Inkpen-Thomas will pass the night. And a jar of sauce pesto. I must tempt the poor with something to eat tonight and I know that It is your favorite. I'll bring one later. Cynthia Bennett simply He took a taxi and left. The taxi driver confirms he has picked up at Inkpen Manor and then have left it in a hotel in Causton. She was seen entering the hotel. But we do not know with whom saw ah , or where was it when came out, no? No, so it's still officially a missing person But we know that he left the house on your own and that there was no signal dirty game at the hotel. So the sensible conclusion, Troy It's just that I left it. She was an unfaithful woman and she left her husband. Yes. Then, why Rodney Widger was so restless about it? I mean he may or may not have had something to do with Cynthia when she lived in Inkpen Manor. You may even have had the eyes on her. But there is no evidence in the file that make us suspect. Do not. Then why go hide to the bathroom with your prostate? God knows. Ah, there's the lab report on paper. Ya? A-ha. Waste in the nails of the victim match the piece of paper found in the place. What suggests that the letter it was ripped from his hands, Is not that so, Troy? Mm-hm. What's the matter with you? Have you seen a ghost? Not me ... The dead do not walk, Hilary. They stay dead. Yes, of course. I did not know who I could be there in this moment of the night. It was me. Doing the work that someone he should have done more. Did you feed Felicity's horse? Do not. Neither your mother or the gardener. Poor animal, he would die of hunger if it depended on you. Other t of chamomile? No no thanks. Have not you eaten anything yet? I really should. Some paste? I'm doing for me. Not seriously. No, well, it's a bit late. Maybe it would be better to go to sleep. Have you been here? Who? The police, Charles. The police. Of course. What did you tell them? Nothing at all, dear boy. Nothing at all. You may think that this is incredibly insensitive and inopportune, but sometimes it is therapeutic in such moments, talk about something entirely mundane. The ... York slabs.  York things? You know they already got up and They withdrew from the Memorial Garden. Do you have plans for them? I can not say that I have them, Susan, no. I would like to have a couple of them, only a few, of course, of your hands, for use here in the vicariate. The Inkpen have always been so generous benefactors of the church and the slabs would be ... in a real sense, a permanent reminder of Fliss. Pack yourself. Thank you. Get comfortable. You know where they are the facilities, no? Lost? The smallest room? Yes, of course. Ser a possible to take a bath? Clear. I put the stove especially for you. I will be in the church. I find very beneficial a glass. I'm going to pray for Fliss. Thank you. Dear God. Keep quiet, dear boy. There really is nothing of what to worry. Oh God! All yours, Crisp n. Yes, I think exactly the same. Oh, God! Oh, God! ... Oh, God! ... Father? Good morning, Mr. Bennett. Not Jane? He went to Causton. Do you need a hand with these? Thank you. I hope you do not mind, but I wanted to ask him about his wife. Mr. Bolt. I'm waiting for Elspeth. It is still in the vicar a, what I know. Thank you. Any progress? We are following different lines of research, Mr. Bolt. A complete and total surprise. It was not until the morning that I I noticed that his clothes had missing. Jane and I add two more, so. Was all his clothes gone? Yes. Cynthia had her own room in the country house at that stage. His closet and the ark were almost empty. It had been eliminated by full of my life. Mr. Barnaby. Mr. Barnaby, I'm pretty worried. I can not wake up the Mrs. Inkpen-Thomas. Sra. Inkpen-Thomas? Hello? Elspeth? All this will be an explosion of color in a few weeks. It really has to come and have a look. I'm sorry Mr. Bennett, I'm going to I have to leave now. Oh, yes, of course you must. Thank you very much for your help. Troy If I were not a person religious, I would think that some kind of curse has fallen on the Inkpen. Two ... Two of them I found dead in the space of 24 hours. And suicide. While I was in my care. The door was closed. Key from the inside. Must be my feelings trampled instantly? Now I have lost a daughter, so as a granddaughter in a period of 24 hours. I'm not trying to trample Nobody's feelings, Mrs. Inkpen. But nevertheless ... Suicide is almost impossible. Unthinkable for an Inkpen. However, his daughter seemed deeply disturbed by the Felicity's murder. the fact is that she felt the need to leave the house family. A theatrical gesture Elspeth was all spectacle and no substance. And you do not have an audience when you are dead Grandma ... Could you please leave us? Hilary? I can not bear to be called Grandma. You will appreciate, Mrs. Inkpen, despite what he said of Elspeth, that until the cause of the death is established, Suicide can not be ruled out. And in the circumstances ... Circumstances? Well, the murder of his granddaughter only occurred immediately before. He is suggesting that Elspeth mat to Fliss and then he took his life for remorse? Well, it can be a possibility. No. Especially not suicide. So, what is your opinion? Two murders in two days ... ... both Inkpen. If you are looking for a common denominator, both had been caught with Daniel Bolt, if you still do not know. It would be correct to say that you were ambivalent about the plans of Elspeth and the money? No. He was not ambivalent at all. I thought they were a shame. Then why did not you stop them? It was his garden. Unfortunately not. Ced Inkpen Manor to Elspeth some time ago To avoid the succession tax. He has made history. He listened an inkpen admit an error. With Elspeth and Fliss both dead,  Hilary inherits? Yes. Depending on the will. It seems a little drastic, without However, no? Kill your own mother when You know what you will inherit anyway. Maybe he could not wait Elspeth will age. Maybe he needed the inheritance in a hurry. Possibly. But, again, maybe it was Naomi directing the garden path. She said it herself, she is not stupid. Anyway, I get the impression that there is not much more in the vaults of the family so that Hilary has in her hands. You do not need much more if you just receive 2.5 million of a property. So you go with this, Hilary Is the main suspect? No. I'm just saying that if she will inherit, has a motive. And if he does or does not do it, It could be next on the list. We are only an inkpen and a half, Troy, and counting ... She had her own nature. Where was he when he died? Yesterday night, after midnight. Above a tree. Some strange ritual of Midsomer, Is that it? Do not. In agreement. What tree? In the woods. Was there anyone with you? Do not. Then, exactly, what Was he doing up the tree? Waiting for a knit. There is a group in the forest, near from the house of Rodney Widger. If you are lucky, the mother carries her puppies. I can see them with glasses at night, keeping a safe distance. I do not want Rodney to sniff them out. otherwise, it will be there with the shovel and the mustard gas. And these badgers did act of presence? Do not. But Rodney did it. That's a damn nonsense. I was at home all night. Is not that so, Marie? No, you were not Mr. Widger, I have to tell you that he was seen leaving his home at 23:25 and return at 00:35. Why? The condemned nosy neighbors? Well, I did not have anything do with Elspeth Inkpen. Then, with whom I had what to see? We could discuss this In other site? Insurance. I knew it. I knew it. Did you know, Troy? Good. I did not tell you where this was When she called me, sir. No, you did not. I went back with Gerald Bennett. There is a contradiction in the evidence, well ... Hey, hey, Troy, slowly. Yes, sir. Sorry. The declaration of the driver of the taxi in the person file disappeared says that when he picked up Cynthia from Inkpen Manor, I just had one wallet. Yes. Well, this morning, Gerald Bennett He told me that when he and his daughter they looked at the next day Cynthia had taken the complete wardrobe. You can not take all your Wardrobe in a wallet, no? No, You can not. But I'm not sure how far this takes us About Mr. Windger. Are you t ? No sir, not exactly. Well, you have until this afternoon to find it. I was waiting for a visit long before now. Yes, I'm sorry, sir. We were surprised by the events. Elspeth ...? Well, I think, Mr. Barnaby, that rules out the idea of ​​suicide, as it should be. Should we, Mr. Deverell? An Inkpen would not end with its life as a Deverell would. So his opinion is that Elspeth and Felicity died for the same simple reason? Profanaci n of the Inkpen of the Memorial Garden? They are giving protection to the remaining two? Naomi and the girl? Violence breeds violence, as I'm sure it is Professionally conscious And if there is a madman in the set, good ... If there is a madman in the set, Mr. Deverell, nobody is safe. Ah! It is not a timely entry, I assure. Allow me to introduce you to me son Richard. Bishop Richard. Even though it rarely makes me the honor of dressing as such. How is it? How is it? An Inspector Chief, no less, Richard. Investigating the death of the Inkpen. Yes, I feel I must visit them again. Only having made a call id ntica yesterday one feels totally inadequate. Do you know Elspeth Inkpen well? Since childhood. I find it impossible to believe that I could be dead for a few rose bushes and a sundial. You underestimate the good people from Midsomer Deverell, Richard. But then ... underestimate to all. As a matter of routine, I'm forced to ask him his whereabouts, last night. Approximately half an hour to both sides of midnight. Where I am always at that hour. Here In this chair. You are as pretty as a Flower in the garden, Hilary. I do not know why I never told you before. Even more beautiful now that you are sad You only need someone who help you develop Flower. This neck ... Like a tender stem. Do not. Why did you lie? To the police. Last night you were not here at midnight. I was not? You did not come home until one o'clock. I'm an old man, Richard. I'm allowed an error memory. Where have you been? Visiting the detour of the tejon. Was it really the one? The nail. Good good. And where were you? if the impertinent questions Are they in the order of the day? I was taking air For so long? I had a lot to think about. All right, Mr. Widger. Maybe now he would not care Tell us where it was last night. I went to visit a friend at the other end of the village. Charles King. And he'll confirm this, will not he? It would be the best, We're in this together. In what? I went to warn you about you. The police. About your interest in Cynthia Bennett It's not like we've done something wrong, neither to her nor to anyone. It's just that we did not give ourselves complete account of everything. Well, we did not realize in absolute, in fact. Make five years They know something about the disappearance by Cynthia Bennett? It had nothing to do with us. Mr. Widger, please. Cynthia was a ... woman very friendly. We had our highs and low especially because of the noise. Cynthia said she liked it a lot of modern music. But surely he knew how get more than one man. Especially in the latter years he lived there. I was a little bored, go. Like I said, it was ... She was ... a woman ... friendly. He invited Charles and me to meet her at the Hotel Deverell Arms, in Causton. She had reserved one room. They do not pay much attention, there. She arrived in a taxi and we passed evening and night together. The three? Yes. When night fell we left return to Midsomer Deverell, All three in Charles's car. We leave Cynthia out of the mansion and we went to his house to take a glass. Then, I walked home. The next day, Cynthia was reported as missing. Charles and I made the decision that we did not win anything going forward I mean, what was the purpose of overshadowing the case making our public That afternoon's entertainment? You never thought of Mr.King that his silence prevented to carry out a proper search of Ms. Bennett? The assumptions that were made they would not have been done if they had presented. Shh, shh. Please. Wives have ears, you know. even if they have nothing among them. It was sport, Sergeant. Pure sport Well, not entirely pure. But nothing more, I assure you. In fact, I experienced a deep sense of loss when Cynthia disappeared Something like losing a favorite golf club. So, George? There are no pills, no alcohol. No needles ... And no wound. So now you will tell me not to can you tell me anything, up the toxicology report, right? Unlike. Let me tell you, I do not think that This was suicide. The laboratory found traces of olive oil and herbs in the bedroom key. Oh, yes, the pesto sauce. There's a lot here. To disguise the taste that apparently missing. The taste of what? Mrs. Inkpen-Thomas ate something While you were here, Mrs. Millard? No. No. He did not. He did not want. I offered him, of course. However there was a dish. A cup of the same series as se. Was he there? I did not realize. Look, please, why? dismantle my kitchen? Ms. Millard, Mrs. Millard, we are far to be convinced that the Mrs. Inkpen-Thomas committed suicide. He swallowed a toxic substance, prepared in a kitchen and then mixed with the usual food. Do not. Surely not here, under my roof. It's possible that I could fill the bowl with something that would have cooked here or with something from your pantry? Well, it's possible, while I was in the church. But I do not have a kitchen full of poison. Was there anyone else in the church? What, at that time of night? In this country our without God, we have enough problems to fill the banks in One Sunday in the morning. Close the doors of the vicar a, Mrs. Millard when you went to church? After Mrs. Inkpen-Thomas go upstairs No. I never close the doors. It is a matter of principles Christians So it is possible that someone that knew the house, and knew that Mrs. Inkpen-Thomas I was here, will win the entrance while you were somewhere else? Well ... it's possible. The dog. Podr a the dog Have you reacted to an intruder? Crisp n has a very positive with all humanity. And her husband, the vicar, have How much is absent? Four days When do you expect me to come back? I do not know After tomorrow. Why? What do you think of the Inkpen and their commercial exploitation of the people? He looks for the best in the whole world. Even in a water heater? Women ad lteras? Jezabel? Oh yes. He especially tries to help them. And what is your opinion on These women, Mrs. Millard? I firmly believe in the sanctity of marriage, and that adultery it's a sin. An old word, Mr. Barnaby. but maybe the world would be A better place if more people were prepared to fight against sin when and where you find it Reconciliation only You can find so. Here you are. Tom, you've come home early. You have caught me digging a lot of your lawn. Actually, I'm still working. You have pictures of these plants in your encyclopedias? Yes. Why? What are you? searching? One of acinnito. What do you think you are doing? Mrs. Inkpen. Well? I am conducting an investigation of murder, Mrs. Inkpen. That's what I'm doing. These plants. Has cut some of them recently? Of course not. One year need ac nito in the house when it is full of roses. You know your common name. Then you will also know that they are among the most toxic that grow in the country. Is your interest professional? No no. It is practical. So if you do not put them in the vases in the house, what does with them? We leave them alone. Well, you should know Mr. Bolt. Being the gardener. You come from this, Troy, Cooked or raw, and you're lost. And this was done crudely. George Bullard could still see the pieces in the content of the stomach Someone has tried very hard make this look like suicide, but the bedroom key I had food in it. My hypothesis is that they fed to force Elspeth with this, and then they put the key in the lock, before going out the window, letting her die horribly. And he would have died horribly. The little one does not provide an exit without pain. So we are looking for someone that really, really hated her. But who, Troy, who? And will they kill again? We need a breakthrough. Allow me, sir. See? This stone was placed on June 18, 1996 by Gerald Bennett Cynthia Bennett disappeared on day 11. Just a week before. Sir, if you have been very indiscreet, if you consider the woman with whom she has been playing like a prostitute, and he cares more for his position social than for his life, and if I had killed her, then What would be the best place to bury it? They are digging a hole. Who? The police. Forgive our offenses, as we forgive To those who offend us. Forgive the sins that destroy our peace on Earth. Murder. Adultery. Sorry to bother you, Mrs. Millard. Pap sends this to the church. What are you looking for? I really do not know. But I do not want to see. I'm going for a walk. Do you want to come? But soon, huh? Mr. Cynthia Troy, ... Troy? You can not tell if it's Cynthia. We'll know tomorrow, Mr.Widger. The skull has a set full of teeth. So I will tell you what I think. I think after five years finally he has told the truth ... But not the whole truth. Yes, you and Charles King brought Back to Cynthia to Inkpen Manor. But they did not leave it out, they left it in a hole. They were afraid that their afternoon with she would not remain a secret. Let Cynthia talk. And being pillars of the community, They did not want that. That's why they killed her. The police will continue the investigation with its elements. Thank you for coming, Richard. One can only hope that it does not feel obligated to make a third visit It does not seem appropriate to mention it, but I have to go the weekend. My last pilgrimage to Rome. I wish you better luck this time. I'm sure Elspeth I would have done the same. I would like to think that I do. What the hell are you playing at, Troy? Confront Widger, sir. Yes, y? Well, he denies the murdered, of course, but still There is Charles. There is still a close relative to be informed, Troy. To make an identification, even. I'm sorry sir. I was out of order. Yes, I'm just wondering if I do not We are out of order a dangerous way We will not be losing what Blindingly obvious? What is it? Gerald Bennett Gerald Bennett? There could not be hit Fliss in the head or skipped through the window. Of course. But not always It was as fragile as it is today. He is the aggrieved husband of Cynthia And if he had her killed by someone, This would have had a better opportunity to bury her. Jane? I'm sorry, honey. I needed a nap. A cup of tea? Yes, thank you. I should go. Adi s, Hilary. I hope we meet again. Srta. Bennett? Sr. Bennett? Sr. Bennett? I'm sorry, you're dead. And t . And you were very beautiful. Rare beauty. Now you simply bloom for your death, no? So much exuberance. Ah, but small aquilegia ... as ... Like sweet old charm. As beautiful as your showy and ostentatious sisters. Nothing. No one seems to have seen it since yesterday afternoon. It could have been King, sir, elsewhere, in the room of the hotel. He would have had time later what did he talk to him about? Not Troy. There is a daughter here, who loved much, much to his father. A daughter whose face is everywhere. A daughter who spoke passionately, vehemently, against the excavation of Memorial Garden. I have to find Jane Bennett. I thought you had gone to Rome without telling me. Only Causton. To the bank. There was a phone call. Father, we need to talk about money. How do you consider your possibilities on this occasion, Richard? Election to the sacred school? Well, obviously I'm in the career, but it's a process very long. Certain things that are still important Conduct. Behavior. These people want to meet to not be eliminated. Do you know how much it would mean? for me to become cardinal? T , the last of the Deverell, being the first in 500 years in uploading something. Father, not everything is what start and finish No ?! It's the only thing for the I'm still alive Father, the bank. You saw Hilary, did not you? When did you pay your respects in the mansion Yes, I saw Hilary. And what do you think? How do you like it? I knew where I was going, you see. I had a good idea of ​​with Who was going to meet. It was not so much what was conducting. It was the fact that she and everyone the others before them, they had so much pleasure and Daddy did not realize it. Laughter and smiles, the He mocks his back. I just ... I just ... I could not take it anymore. So I waited for her to came back from Causton and the Strangle with a pair of socks. She was drunk. And I am ... very strong. I had already planned what do with it. I liked the idea that when the Memorial Garden will be finished, people would walk on it how they had walked on daddy. So ... he took his things ... and hid them in my car. And ... I took them to the dumpster the next day. Did you know that Widger and King they would not show up when we denounced his disappearance. The drawback was that Daddy was missing her. His heart was already deteriorated, anyway and the house, suddenly, seemed Too big. The cabin was fine for him, but nevertheless. Until the Inkpen began to remove the past? If I had discovered what my mother was really, His heart would have been broken. He did not have much time left, anyway. Better to finish smoothly, without the truth He was so innocent. I could not stand that this I would lose right at the end. But it's still a murder, Miss Bennett. You have to understand that you have given a very clear reason to not want the Garden Memorial was excavated. You are now our main suspect for Felicity's deaths Inkpen and his mother. What I did ... I did it for my father. I'm not a homicidal man aca. I hated my mother. No to the Inkpen. Others hated them. Do not lose hope. While there are still three They left. Bloodhounds without mercy! Bloodhounds? It is an old expression in the context of what was happening in the Inkpen mansion. It may be enveloping us, sir. I was desperate to stop the excavation. And the murder of the Inkpen It was a way of doing it. In addition she is young, knows the vicar a and knows plants. If it were only despair, Troy, Why kill Elspeth so, so horribly? Why not extrangulate it or hit her on the head? Elspeth suffered. There was real hatred ah . Or delirious madness. Yes, it is possible. But hatred, Troy, or the Greed are more common. Oh, this is from the lawyer. The testament of Elspeth. Oh, do not tell me. Association of charity for gardeners? There was no money, but the house is left jointly with Hilary and Fliss ... and Daniel Bolt, the gardener. I understand why you are Moving away from me, Hilary. I know what you are thinking. You think, this man made love with my sister and my mother and now both are dead. But if you're honest, You will agree that there is something about death what makes you want reaffirm life. That instinct should not be denied. Nature does not do it. Nature does only what he likes. Because nature knows What is better. Instinctively. The lillium speciosa does not cry. Only his delicate neck returns to the sun. Actually I'm looking for your father, sir. Are you at home? No, it is not, but it will come back. Please. Do you know who I am? Mr. Richard Deverell, Bishop Richard Deverell. I just found out who I am. I am ... was, the lover by Elspeth Inkpen. No. I knew that, of course. I am the father of your daughter illegitimate I did not know that. Hilary Inkpen is my daughter. And my father, my detestable father has ... Where is Mr. Deverell, please? He went to see her. Naomi Inkpen To offer his last tribute. You need money, it seems. She You must have real money in your hands. And it must be placed there by him. The price is humiliation, so like the money ... The price of what? Your patience Until I be elected cardinal. Rome. The Vatican. My father has financed the reacquisition of the Inkpen from the legitimate family home that corresponds to them It may seem like a very small one indiscretion in the modern world, have a child. But my father was convinced on the contrary, and he was convinced that the Vatican share your opinion. He is right. And he is desperate so that I have success this time. If you need proof ... Read this letter. "My dear Augustus, an ecclesiastical bird has told me that Richard, your Richard, has high hopes of finally fulfill the dream Deverell. We the Inkpen will not listen nothing that is said against you, as long as, of course, that the honor meets the obligations to friends. With regard to the recent Hilary's arrival in our midst, now we are in possession of what that could be described as DNA test on foot. Yours in advance. " Sr. Bolt? Sr. Bolt? Lord? Troy Augusto Deverell addresses Inkpen Manor, stop him. Do not let her get close to Naomi. I'll be with you in a few minutes. Excuse me? Not now, Mr. Widger. I've been robbed. I'm not interested. But I will. August. Punctuality like the old world. Mrs. Inkpen. Sra. Inkpen! It is not in the garden. Hilary welcome to hell. -All right, grandma? Do you smell the blood? You like blood, do not you? A little "DNA test", as the letter said. And I was too stupid to To think that she was wanted here. No dear, I never expected this, not you, anyway. But I was never loved! Is not that so? Is not that so ?! Not loved by my mother! Not loved by myself. Only used. Only to meet advantage. Oh, yes, look away. What did you three do? Remove her and gloat with her once a week? Why save a copy in the house? Fliss laughed a lot when he told me, when I read that. Fliss was a stupid little bitch. Little bitch dead now. He opened my eyes, so He opened his head. But she is not the only one that matted with rage. Enjoy more with mam . Met his damn garden right in his throat. It will make a disaster with you. Because you do not like disaster. Everything must be as it is ... Abroad. Well, I do not want you to go to hell looking for the orderly! Mrs. Millard. Sergeant Troy. Chief Inspector Barnaby thought that we should let him know that we no longer need your Cookware. Poor Hilary. Yes. And poor Jane Bennett. It is more worrisome to the conscience ... that some crimes result fully justified. Jane's is one of them. I've always felt it, like I told Mr. Barnaby, adultery is one of the most despicable human activities. Nice patio New? Much. I find that hard work help for prayer. And I've had a lot so pray lately. And ... todav a there is no vicar? Good afternoon. Arthur. This is Sergeant Troy. How is it? Hi. Want to join us for a t  and a Christian conversation? Oh, no, thanks. It's a relief ... that is ... A pleasure to meet you, vicar. It would be better if I left. Adi s Crisp n .. As well as the white Bedder, it I brought some Pennington gems. It's very kind of you, Daniel. Note that the Bedder white is vigorous and erect. So make sure to put it wherever you want, otherwise it is likely that cover with your shadow the others plants. Yes, I see. Well, I would be happy come back and make sure that everything is fine ... ... with the Bedders? Oh Mr. Barnaby. Well ... well, I'm leaving then. I was going to offer him a drink. I think there was some propagation what to do elsewhere Come on, I'll make you one.  There is some lawn to the left, To sit down? Subtitles: Anasus. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 