The Guardian: Season 1, Episode 4 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 The Guardian 
 s1e4 - Lolita? - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 The Guardian (2001–2004): Season 1, Episode 4 - Lolita? - full transcript 
 Nick wants to handle the case of a factory in trouble, which needs to reorganize or shut down. Father Burton Fallin refuses to accept the client, allegedly because there's no profit in it and risk of face loss, but Nick insists and finds the real reason is a family grudge. Nick is offered a way out of his 1500 hours community sentence, as his 'spoiled' MO hardly squares with the overworked public office. While he considers it, he handles the case of April Evans, who claims to be raped by her cop stepfather Al Sandro, who denies abusing her or her mother, who sides with him. Nick finds out the truth. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Alvin Masterson called. I haven't heard him work up since McGirvan had his ass Handed to him on a plate by Nixon in 72. So Mr. Fallin, How do you think your first we acquaint? You know you strike me is a kind of person, Who does her homework. My guesses, before you shut up for your first day of community service The children legal services You probably did a pretty thorough review State law guardian shelter hearings some placements 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 You read up on how CLS is run Its budget, its philosophy for handling It's an enormous case load And you don't like fast food approach To represent these kids Do you? Masterson wants you to go away That'll I go away 1500 hours of picking up trash From a highway on public park Seem's like such a waste I'm not too good to pick up trash I'm giving you a choice One time only 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 You can finish your sentence at Children Legal Services Or you can transfer to a community development desk And work with low income housing applicants Think about it for a few days OpenSubtitles recommends using Nord VPN from 3.49 USD/month ----> osdb.link/vpn Can I help you? I was ... Ah ... I was.. What? I was raped. How old you honey? Fifteen The doctor is going to examine the condition vaginal area Than take any sample of fluids for DNA testing Police want to talk to you after that What's that guy doing? We have to take pictures. Please don't do that. If you want to press charges the police need evidence. Created by borriss. I'm sentencing you to 1500 hours of community service Using your skills as a corporate attorney To work as a child advocate Children's Legal Services Can you hold, please? Nick, I need you take a new case I don't think Masterson wants me to ... She is fifteen walked into hospital this morning Said she raped by stepfather. Evidences? Brazens vaginaterion, bruises from where she holds down on the wrist Where is that fact? Lasted last night Then why is she back in her home? Her mother builds a mound She is at a Country Hospital Rape Crisis Center You my lawyer? Yes. Thank you. That's nice to know. You wanna tell me what happen? He started to come into my bedroom at night He lay next to me in bed And touch himself. Then one night puts his hand, his fingers He shoved in He told me not to move and put is Put it in my mouth I'm fought him But he tells me he told my mom I didn't I saw what he could do to her Hit her in a face So I'm just letting him do it what he wanted And you stay with your aunt now Yeah, my mom sister Why did your mother bail your stepfather out of jail? Because he'll kill her is she didn't Why you didn't report this to police early You don't get it, do you? What? My stepdad is a cop. Conference room, fifteen minutes ago You are killing me man, You kill me! John Claton, Nickolas Fallin Mr. Claton. What can we do for you? This conversation is completely confidential? Claton Steel is 15 million in debt. Bankruptcy? Yes. Ok. You have two options. You go to chapter 11, reorganize Or you go to chapter 7, liquidate, cut your loses. I want to reorganize It's easy to liquidate. I want to reorganize. You have got resources? Ok. That's a 25.000 dollar retainer to start Ah, Mr. Claton Mr. Claton I can't take that to my father What is it? I was just a ... wondering how felt to run family business into the underground. Burton Fallin, John Claton How are you? Well, quite ah... Quite a history your family has. My grandgrandfather was third in command In Homestead Works under Carnegie and Henry Franky Helped revolutionize the way Steel was manufactured Right So, what can we do for you today? He want us from the file chapter 11 paper For his company Wouldn't ... Didn't your father and your grandfather Didn't they deal exclusively with the McGirr and Kirk? Yes. It's good firm. So why leaving them now? I'm felt is was time for a change Not because your credit due is have blanket lien on your corporation Well We didn't know, McGirr and Kirk approach the bank With the request to reorganize? Yes. They already did that. Right? Yes. Well, I am assuming, ah.. because your walk across a street that The bank told them, your company worth more to them liquidated then reorganized Yes. So, McGirr and Kirk just wash the hand of you They didn't see my count as profitable Neither do I, Mr. Claton But, ah.. Good luck to you. Mr. Fallin, reorganized log filing system We got barb on the sexual abuse kid I can use some coffee Be a dear will you and pour me a cup Cream or sugar? Please. Any of this close cases there over 5 year old should be put a storage box You knew I'm from a Mon Valley I knew some felons Who work the plant with my dad I think they from Zenora Any relation? Yeah. Grandparents, aunts, uncles, cousins Oh.. So, one of those felonies Oh.. You make this some kind of ominous No. I just don't take you for real person. Can I help you? Nickolas Fallin? Yeah. That's me. I'm Al Sandrow. April Sandrow's stepfather. April is a problem She has always been a problem She sleeps around a lot. She party's. Why you tell me this? You believe her? Come on man. Well, the evidence suggests... Evidence? What a hell then you know about evidence? This little slut is lying. Little slut DNA is gone be proving me right Then why is she accusing you? A few weeks ago I came early from work and I caught April on the couch with some guy. It's an older guy I'm threatening to arrest him for statutory rape And he took off I'm grounded April for a month You say she's doing this that pay back for getting grounded? I don't believe in lies You just sand April back home when she belongs Ok, Mr. Fallin? How is going with the stapdad? Oh.. He said she's lying. A lot of these kids grow up around people, who lying, cheating, some of it pick up the habits by themselves. Your mascaras. Oh.. Days and nights. May I'm just well sending her to babysitter home Hey Could we have had some dinner? Wanna come? Don't get your big idea that you hotshot You aren't getting lucky tonight Nick. Jake, Amanda this is Barbara Rodzinsky Barbara. Nice to meet you Jake. Jake Hi .. Amanda .. Yeah Would you.. You wanna? Oh.. Thanks So, uh.. Where are you to meet? Oh.. Personals. Nick was looking for plus size woman and I was looking for a khaki sugar daddy. You think I'm kidding? No, no.. This is actually our third date I thought it was time to .. you know.. bring her around, meet with family. I'm secretary over Children Legal Services. Oh.. oh.. Right We just met when Nick started Right oh.. How are you? Can I get you a drink? Cranberries and grapefruit, please. What was with the face? Nothing. He is angry because Nicks title represented Claton family. Claton Steel? Yeah. Jake parliament. Yeah. Everybody used to work there Omar Claton walked around to Nora Like he was running for office Kissing babies, isn't shaking hands, until he decided off himself with a shotgun. Regular Richard Corry. King of a Mon Valley. Lot a crappy Fiefdom. Richard Corry. Yeah. It's a poem by a rich guy, who everybody thinks real happy, who decide to shoot himself. Robby Fiefdom Whatever Richard Corry went downtown when people on payment smile on him. He's mockingly groom from total crown clean favorite an imperialism slim. So, what are you guys want with a Claton family? You know.. It's really doesn't matter now Because Nick's father doesn't want its business Because? My grandfather Nine unions immigrant steel worker Sixteen dollars shift. A dollar an hour. You know.. I know this story too well. It's in your family. No, my father's family. Call Claton Tell him we sorted something out. What everybody dance around here? We lawyers. Children Legal Services. I got to do three petitions hearing with you this morning. I can do him alone According to Alvin you can't I would bet 10, 10.30 and 11. Why is this locked? It's your office, man? Why is this locked? It's a broom closet. Where we duly kept a broom? You late. Where are my keys? The keys? To my office. Your office. Yeah I've gotten some place to work. That for the clinic supplies. You want me to be in here you want me to be doing three hearings a day Plus all the support works to go with it I can have a place to work. Fine. It's all yours. Mr. Fallin What are you doing here? Does my stepfather come to see you? Yeah. We're talking. He tell you I was a slut? At what he tells everyone. Why are you here? I'm afraid. For my mother. She can take care of herself. No, she can't. I mean. I can get out of here. I'll be safe. You'll make me safe. But my mom All these things he does to me He should do to her. There is nothing that I can do about there Sometimes I think I just go back there, live with him, just so .. she doesn't get hurt. No. You don't go back there, April, Ok? Ok? You leave for the courthouse? No ... ah .. My aunt's boyfriend he's helping to look after me. He's waiting for me. Ok. Are you Mr. Fallin? Yes. I'm Jenny Sandrow. April's mom. I'm afraid what's gonna happen to her. Look, April, she hasn't added easily. Her father left what she was a baby The man hasn't been in her life I haven't always maded best choices. This is a number of a clinic. I tell you what is a woman's shelter People are lying. I would never do something like that, Mr. Fallin. We'll discuss this in court. Mr. Fallin, what are your client's wishes? My client would like to be placed under the care of her maternal aunt Gale Barehorst. Where is maternal aunt? I'm here, your honor. Are you currently employed? Yes, sir. I'm waitress ace. Can you provide care for April until a petition hearing? Yes, your honor. The child should be placed under supervision on the Allegany County Social Services With permission to be placed in a home of her maternal aunt Gale Barehorst. The stepfather is under no contact order. My daughter should be with me. You'll have your chance to tell your side of story on the petition hearing. She's just wanting a money. I'm as sure, Mrs. Barehorst Could find at easy way make an extra three hundred seven dollars a month, you honor. You may have one supervise visit a week. Filed a dependency petition within 24 hours And schedule a petition hearing within a next 10 day's. That's it? That's it. Thank you. Thank you so much. Yeah. April, why are you doing these? He's lying to you mama. He's lying and you didn't even see it. Please. You let him do this to me He broke in the house. You let him. Please, April. I hate you. I am never coming home. I hate you. He raped your only daughter and you still want her to be on the same roof with him? She's not your daughter. Maybe she should be. I want ante the Claton plant. I think we should represent him. How you see doing it. Liquidate. You know, Claton want to safe a business. He's wrong. He should take a scorched earth approach. What about a workers? They want to see a money. That's bad business, Nickolas. Pertains to small. We wouldn't see a penny about a time the banks got deal rogue If I can safe the trust this would be worth million in fees. Could also eated up some thousant billable hours for nothing. It's passed Hey. Oh ... I'm late. I got a few questions for you About at brief I'm supposed to be filing. I thought we can grab come lunch. I give you back some in clinic. Can I tag along? Chance in hell. Thanks. Nick. The woman from the rape unit just fax some lab task back from a hospital. April Sandrow are pregnant You knew, you are pregnant? What are you wanting to do? We're talking about an abortion. I'm catholic. April, you're raped. My mother won't never say I was. She needs to sign a form. I just have to explain to the court the circumstances your pregnancy The judge will grant you judicial bypass without your mother's consent. I just want to be left alone now. OK. I'm good with Gale. See, I'm back in school and people, you are leaving me alone. I can take myself from here. If you have a child now He will be taken away from you or ... Let me alone. Alright? You did your things. Just let me alone. Can I help you? You know this guy? Hm .. Jo. He works here. Who are you? I'm a lawyer. I'm working for Legal Services. Well. Is not here. Got the address? Yo man, this stuff coming yet? We'll be in Dantist. Hey, it's me. Wigeon is coming up. You got any? I'm dying here, man. Hey Gale, it's April. Can you pick me up over Townie Pizza at 5? I've missed the bus. April Sandrow is pregnant. A-ha ... And entire place to it has a living boyfriend, who is dealing Are you sure? I'd heard the answering machine tape. How do you know that he's dealing? I know. So So, I'd placed pregnant teenager in the dangerous environment. Or what else are you going to do? Put her back with the stepdad? No. Tell me something. Who do you think the father this baby is? Ah ... I don't know. Alright. Just call to Social Services and arrange for emergency evacuation. Police, Social Servies. Open up! Police, Social Servies, Mrs Barehorst  we're here for raid. Right here What are you doing? Miss Barehorst, Miss Barehorst ... What is hell going on here? Get a hell out of my house. Leave him alone. What is wrong with you? Get a hell out of my house Stop it. How are you can do this to me?  I love him. He wants to marry me. How are you can do this to me? Second mortgage property value in the Alsace report ... This is it ... We're can't take the account. When I spoke with Jake, I thought you farther firm been around for generations. No. He is started himself. I know that now. I was curious, why have you disliked me so much? So I had my secretary search on employment record You know, your dad used to work on our fabricating plant? It was my grandfather. Your grandfather and your father Burton Fallin work here from 1953 to 1955. Seem's your dad had hand in United Steel worker's attempt unionized the plant. That was my grandfather. No. That was your father. So, what are you, Mr. Fallin? You guy's acting like a country club sect but you do business like a liberals? You always said, don't let your feeling getting away on business. Your father would have loved the effect that they coming to you for help. Hmm.. Unfortunately, you don't really know what your grandfather would've loved. This is.. This is the kind of money that you'd wanna represent? Money is money. It's yours then. You put in an hour, you take the risk. We got the go ahead. What? Your dad changes his mind. Yeah. What he said to him? Alas, I still can't get over with this, I mean, I work for this guy's know he hates me so much. I'm thinking, that pretty stall argument to get him to change this ... You don't have to move on your diligence. What ... What are you going? I got meeting at Cross. Well, come on, Nick, I'm a little help on this. I got my dad to take a client, you get to do diligence. I got handed to you, had me go with the school's uniform and this head story. April, you do not want to spend your life with the guy like that. Don't tell me what I want. You fifteen. What's gonna happen to me? I'm recommending you go back home to your mother. You can't see me back there. April My mother let him rape me. She knew was happening she let him. April She could hear me crying, I know she could. She might try to fight him off, she just on the next remover. I'm sending you home. Why would anybody listen to me? It'd happened It'd happened. He'd rolled over and ... He's put his hand His fingers He'd shoved them He'd told me not to move and ... I mean, I mean, I'd fought with him first But After awhile I'd just quit Let him do what he wanted Crying every time. That's it. I never do it again. You think she's telling the truth? Then I mean, than if he'll just come back a few nights later... I believe she was raped. But I've never seen a perpetrator giving fifteen years old girl such advance warning Crawling into bed, masturbating next her, breaking its waist slowly toward touching her Just isn't a typical behavior toward the girl April's age. But you do see such behavior in rape cases? Yes, but typically a pedophile supremo a much younger children. Find out if April Sandrow had any previous history of sexual abuse. Hey .. Hey. Come here. Maybe you used other people do your work for you over in your daddy's firm But here we do it ourselves. Come here Working here cost you a lot of money, isn't it? 325.000 dollars in billable hours. You realize, you year salary is much as our entire operating budget? Yes, I do. Well, you'll may want to think about the fact, The people work here have so much to do and so little money and time than you need further think from there might. Can you borough's check on girl's name's April Sandrow? See, if she'd lived in another county or state? Hold on I've got something Marriage record for Al Sandrow and Jennifer Evans Looks like she change the name and April is well. Where.. Where is the close cases? Here .. Oh .. Oh, April Evans Oh, God ... I remember this one. This court held the initial detention hearing in this matter in January, 11 1995 After the Battle Park police department receives the report than James Evans had sexually abused April then 9. April reported that Mr. Evans, her new stepfather had been getting into bed with her And touching himself and then he's put his fingers inside of her, enforce his penis into her mouth. This is exactly the same things she's made three day's ago. We have to start again I'm your lawyer This is gonna be petition hearing regarding your custody day after tomorrow My custody? You have three choices as I see it. You can go to a group home for pregnant teenagers Or if the court sees fit to charge you at detention center. You'd said three choices. You can still back home. I know you were raped Six years ago I know that your mother made you drop the charges April I was nine years old Sending an innocent man to prison not gonna change that I can't go home. I really wish you would. It would be a terrible mistake send you to a group shelter You still have a chance, a good chance for a better life With your mother and your stepfather. Tell the police what really happened Tell him that your stepfather never laid a hand on you What happen to you I'm sorry It's not right But we can change it. Will you tell the police a truth? If I did that Yes You'll talk to my mother for me? Right now Thank you for helping me. My husband isn't home. He doesn't like. Why people up here leave me alone? This won't take long Let off your, we haven't vintage store Why did you leave last husband? Just didn't work out. Because he'd raped your daughter? Mrs. Sandrow April wants to come home What a hell is going on here? We picked April up last night She's three month pregnant and the father of the child is dealing drugs from his sister's house. What? Why can you just bring her back here? Until the charges against your husband... I want her back here now Shh ... It's OK. I'll stay in a motel. No. Yes, you go home, take care of your kid. Yeah? Where is April? That, what's there? She isn't here. Do you know where she is? She left When? I don't know, some guy came and got her. Right, Nona. You know, I understand that. Wow .. I have the file right here in front of me. What ... Actually, hold on give me a second. I'd spoken with a police April's boyfriend lab store where he was working, he was taken off. The police are looking for him but They think he'd left the state. Hello Shall we back? Enough to hear for placement them through the delinquency system for breaking the law. You know Most this kids just stay in system for rest theirs lives. Just the way's goes. Why do it then? Because You never know when you make a difference. This never often, Mr. Fallin but ah... Sometimes you do. You're coming back tomorrow? Clayton's coming in sue. Tonight? Taking clock. We're gonna meeting with creditor's committee the morning. You know We haven't representing him No ... No ... No. You're right The past is a past. All the guy is spoil ass. That's no reason not to represent him. That's ... That's grandfather There was the tough, arrogant son of a bitch. He'd go war over nothing He'd asked for 50 cents at hour more Sundays off My father wants to go into church for this. Wanted have one meal in weeks with his family but No way says Clayton Huh .. What a bastard. I'll tell Jake to drop the case. No, no, no ... Go ahead. Liquidate it. Let it just disappear. Can't be helped anyway. We'll help him cut the cord. We have to drop entire cooperation and focus on protecting your assets What are we doing? Well, first we attack the bank, cancel the lending. How? Claim the interfere to management of the company. We're doing that. You should fly under a flow and get yourself a driver license and register the vote. California resident. Buy yourself the biggest house you can down there Because bank can't touch it. Can a workers come after me? They can't do anything. Hm ... Look, instead of protecting your assets Why to you to not take a real share, reorganizing a company? The first thing to do is exchange debt for equity. How? Make the employee part owner of the company. The workers? The workers. You OK? Yeah, I'm OK. Why do you ask? I don't no. You just ... seemed Upturn left ... the plant outside that hill. You know, if isn't working out you probably won't get paid. Ha-ha ... No. I know. Nickolas. Do you see door over there It's where your grandfather's work back down there, the furnace room. Man was operating 4000 men work here. Twelve hours shift Seven days a week Never got a rise Never got any thanks After Clayton fired my dad, He never worked again. Black Poll. See that far over there, that street Spent all the day on it, drinking Died a wicked, pass far advance. Always felt like my hand on Hand on to his death. Well That can be honored, Nickolas It's that something. Howdy That can be honored. So, Mr. Fallin What does kind of being? I'll stay. I'll stay with the clinic. Created by borriss. Thanks for utilizing. Enjoy !!! 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 