The Guardian: Season 1, Episode 5 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 The Guardian 
 s1e5 - The Men from the Boys - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 The Guardian (2001–2004): Season 1, Episode 5 - The Men from the Boys - full transcript 
 Nick is not amused to be maneuvered into taking risks with gay judge Smirnovitch for his charge Ethan Ritter (16). The cocky gay prostitute isn't wanted by his own family but the competent gay couple that even wants to adopt him was refused by a bigot judge. Nick goes the extra miles in every direction, for once helped by the social services dragon. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Jake: So they take a bunch of male baboons, right? And--and they give one Alpha male a ton of testosterone and they shoot it into his amygdala. His what? His amygdala. It's part of the brain. It controls aggression. What are you talking about? And so not only does this one male baboon become more aggressive and combative, but all the other male baboons' testosterone level actually decreases. Nick. Jake. Heh. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 [Vomits] So what? I don't know. I just thought it was interesting. So he puts the basket down, he looks at the bartender and says, "that's fine by me, but which one is the chicken?" [Laughing] Burton: First time I've ever seen you laugh. That's the worst joke I've ever heard in my life. Burton: Fine, come on back in, but just don't start anything. [Laughing] That's better. Burton fallin? Burton fallin? Yeah. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 It's my duty to serve you a subpoena. What--excuse me? It's right here in my briefcase. Where else would I keep my briefs? Oh. Briefs. All right. Ahh. Happy Birthday. ♪ Oh, yeah ♪ get a piece of this oh--ha. Oh! ♪ I give you love Nicholas, turn around, son. Don't look over here. Turn around. That was you, herb. That was you. ♪ I'll take you higher... ♪ too much testosterone in the Alpha male makes the other males weaker. Right. ♪ Look, don't you be ♪ ♪ don't be holdin' back ♪ ♪ I got the game... You men sure will be boys. ♪ I've got something for you ♪ wolfboy. Flanner. You sure you're 18? Maybe. Maybe I'm sure. Younger is nice. How much? 50. 50 to start. Uhh! [Groans] Put your hands behind your back. [Groans] Was it good for you? I am sentencing you to 1,500 hours of community service, using your skills as a corporate attorney to work as a child advocate. The woman's boyfriend claims the boy didn't understand his duty to tell the truth under oath and didn't take the proceedings seriously. Mr. fallin. Laurie solt. Good morning, Laurie. Hey, James. Where have you been? I took a vacation. No wonder the city's gone to hell. There's a 16-year-old boy. Ok. He's at the police station. He was arrested last night for soliciting a member of the Pittsburgh police department. And? And I talked to Alvin Masterson. He wants you to handle it. Let's go. I'm Nicholas fallin from cls. Hey, Nick from cls. I'm here to talk to the cops about getting you out. Oh, really? I thought you were stopping by for tea. Don't be a smart-ass. I'm here to help you. Not too pretty, huh? Oh, dear. Now no one will ask me to the dance. Well, you, uh, you solicited a cop. I think he actually enjoyed hitting me. The police are willing to release you without pressing charges. First offense. The problem is where to place you, even just for the night. You'll have to agree to go to a group shelter. Ok. And to not run away. I run when they want a piece of me. Who is it wants a piece of you? Everyone wants a piece of me. And in the shelter, they're inconsiderate enough not to expect to pay for it. If I take your case, will you show up for the court date? Maybe. Then I won't take the case. Yes, you will. No, I won't. [Cell door opens] [Door closes] I met with him, ok? I don't want to take his case. He's a gay teenager whose father threw him out of the house when he came out. He's been in and out of group shelters. He was abused in a couple of them, kept running away. A few months ago I finally found a couple who were interested in being his foster parents, but the judge ruled against them. The couple you found-- two men, right? Social services and the juvenile court system of allegheny county are not exactly jumping up and down to place any kid in a gay household. You and Alvin thought I'd take the hit. We live here. You're just passing through. He's been drinking. I got held up. He's been drinking. There's this man in Scranton who stole an entire dinner service of China trade porcelain from the winterthur museum in Delaware over many months by shoving the plates down the front of his trousers. Now, there's a man who, I would say, had his priorities screwed up, wouldn't you? Mr. derwitt, I have no idea what you're talking about. Nah. Neither do I, really. What are you drinking? A beer would be great. Soda water. Uh, Clarence, 2 beers for these gentlemen. Just a soda water. Don't tell me you're taking your probation seriously. Mr. derwitt, tomorrow you're on the witness stand. For us to have a chance, you need to come off as credible. Mr. fallin, I own one of the largest companies in this city, and I'm being sued by a mid-level manager. Why should it be my credibility that's in question? Because you're in a position of power, and with these sexual harassment suits, that counts for a lot. You know, in all species, it's the female who chooses the sex partners. The only difference with humans is women follow up with a lawsuit. Mr. derwitt, at least till the end of the trial, I suggest you keep that philosophy to yourself. Hey, Nick. That kid, the ritter boy. Yeah, he's a smart-ass. Take it seriously. Yeah, I am. No, you're not. You got something to say about the way I conduct my work? Listen, I had a kid like this before. He got kicked out of his house because the way he was. Was? He was gay. He was hustling. I tried to get him to stop, but he got knifed by a guy who picked him up. Died on the streets. Good kid. Didn't deserve to go like that. So take it seriously, man. That's all I'm saying. The gay kid. The ritter boy. Why didn't you give that case to James? He's got a heavy load. Or take it yourself? Because, for now, I've got you. Not because his choice of foster parents was unpopular? What are you saying? The last thing this clinic needs is to take a case that will generate bad publicity for you. Mr. fallin, you're acting awfully prudish for a man who likes to operate outside the system. What happened last time you tried to place him with a gay couple? The judge ruled against it. Why's it gonna be any different this time? Jake: They're gonna try and rile you, so just say, "yes," "no," or "I don't recall." Ok. If you feel like a question is confusing you, ask them to repeat it. This will give you time to think of a simple answer. Yes, right, I think I can do that. Nick: Good. And wear a blue suit, conservative tie. Treat the plaintiff with dignity. Don't make light of the situation. Yes, yeah, I hear you. You know, I think I could possibly handle this. Excuse me. I'll be right back. What are you doing? I'm supposed to take Ethan to the shelter, but his paperwork isn't ready and I'm very late for an engagement. No, no, he can't stay here with me. I know it's terribly inconvenient for you, Mr. fallin, but I can't leave him alone on the street. Nick: Come with me. You know how to use a computer? Please. Alison... Set this kid up with a computer. I'll be right back. Watch him. Nice guy. Nick? You bangin' him? Ok, where were we? We're all done, Nicholas. Yes. Thank you, Burton. You bet. See you tomorrow. Yeah. I'll walk you out. Good luck. Whew. [Grunts] I don't understand why we're even handling this one. Well, he's been a client for 20 years. But a harassment suit? He wanted us to handle it. I think we're out of our league. That's nonsense, Nicholas. That's what we do for our clients. I got this, uh... For your birthday. Well, now. Well, now, son. Yeah, it's just a pen. Well, that's... Computer: Welcome to stud puffs. We've got males. Let's go. Ethan: I'm not done. Ethan, get your stuff. Let's go. I'm having a conversation here. You're soliciting. Oh, is that what you call it? Nicholas, this officer is here to get your-- who is this? He's from cls. You wait here. Ethan: You should've seen your face when your father walked in. [Laughs] Uh, so, uh, what did you do that makes you go into bathrooms with strange men and piss into a cup? That foster couple that wanted you, did you, uh... Do you like those two guys? They're ok. They seem a little, you know, strict. Just a couple of old queers. Why would you say that? Say what? That. Old queers. What, are you an activist? Aren't you... I'm whatever I want to be, all right? Whenever I want to be. Well, listen, Ethan, I have to place you somewhere. Ah, so you are my lawyer now. I'll do you a deal. You tell me where you want to live and I'll see if I can help you. Ok, how about a mansion in sewickley heights. How about a group home in mckeesport? How about the streets? How about those guys? You don't even know them. No, I don't. But you assume because they're gay that they must understand me. No, I never said that. You know what? I did want to live with them. But then we went into the courtroom, stood before the judge, and he humiliated us. [Doorbell rings] Mr. Matthews? Ed. Hi, Nick. Come on in. This is our refuge-- mine from the world of screaming high school students and Dave's from the world of screaming queens and others in need of both immediate and long-term therapy. So, what did Ethan do to piss you off? I didn't say he did anything. No, you didn't, but I know Ethan. He surfed for gay porn at my office and made sure everyone saw. It's a classic Ethan story. We've heard a hundred variations. When Ethan doesn't want to be somewhere, he goes straight for the hot button to make the other person angry. And then the other person is the one with the problem, not Ethan. [Timer bell dings] It's ready. What? Well, we thought since you were coming over that you'd like a little lunch. I really should get going. Edward: Give us some more time, Mr. fallin. Stay for lunch. He drove his mother crazy. If Ethan wanted to get out of the house, he would just direct the conversation to any gay subject, or he would just do something like wear lipstick to the dinner table. And, predictably, she'd go off, start praying the rosary, tell him he's going straight to hell. And the father would threaten a fight, and Ethan would be out of there. You know him well. We know the situation. You think you can handle him? I'm a therapist, Edward's a guidance counselor. Ethan doesn't get away with a lot when he's here. Why not? 'Cause we don't care. Yes, you're gay, now go do your homework. Sure, we know you're gay, but you're not going to a party without an adult present. Edward: He hates that, but I think he knows deep down that it's good for him. We know our chances of being adoptive parents, well... Here in Pittsburgh are very slim. But with a strong recommendation from someone like you... Someone like me. Dave: It would help. The judges, you know, they're prejudiced from the start. You'd be amazed at the homophobia out there. Nick: Did you have sexual relations with suzanna clemons? Derwitt: Yes, I did, but it was consensual. How did the relationship come about? Ms. clemons came on to me over a period of many months, and then at last year's Christmas party, I'd had a little too much to drink and I asked my assistant to call me a cab. Ms. clemons offered to give me a ride home. On the drive, her hand wandered over my leg. One thing led to another, and we had sex that night. Did you coerce her to continue the sexual relationship? Absolutely not. How long did you two continue to have sexual relations? Until I passed her over for a promotion 3 months ago. That is what this is all about. So, you're the victim here, Mr. derwitt. I am the victim of a frivolous lawsuit. Last year, you took 15 employees to Hawaii, didn't you? Yes. It was part of an incentive program. 5 of the 7 women you took were single or divorced, weren't they? Yes. And there were several sexual liaisons between employees on that trip, correct? What my employees do on their own time is their own business. Last month, you told an employee by the name of Jennifer manko that she should wear shorter skirts, didn't you? That was a bad joke. She's on the sales force. She asked my opinion about increasing sales. Didn't you compliment a woman by the name of Jane packard on the size of her breasts? Jane had just had a breast job and she was looking for compliments. She wanted you to whistle at her for 3 months? Well, it wasn't 3 months, but any woman who increases the size of her breasts wants attention. Just like suzanna clemons wanted to continue to have sex with you? Derwitt's not helping himself. Well, we've got plenty of dirt on that clemons woman. Next time she gets on the stand, you counterattack. The women on the jury look ready to hang him. I'm not sure we can overcome that. We will. You will. If I beat her up on the stand, it'll be like the men against the women, and there are 8 women on this jury. I don't think I should be first chair on this one. I think we should use Amanda. Oh, no. I'm not ready. You don't have to be ready. We'll do all the work. You just follow the script. What do you think? I really don't know. We need a real fighter here. You think I can do it? I suggested it. All right. Ok. Wear a dress--modest, not too severe. I could have handled it. I know. No, I could have handled it. You don't like what happened, you should have said something. Come on, Nick. I mean, putting up an inexperienced girl as lead counsel? It's an old trick. The jury's gonna see right through it. Do you think they'd find you more sympathetic? Look, my point is that you should have run it by me first. What can I do for you? Nick fallin. I represent Ethan ritter. Who? Ethan ritter, the kid you beat up the other night. You mean the kid that attacked me. Yeah. Well, you don't look hurt. He came at me, I got out of the way. Then you beat him up with your partner. Listen, a kid like that, he's a danger out there. To who? To everybody, but mostly to himself. Is that why you hit him? I restrained him. He should be grateful. Ok, I'll tell him that. You should be thankful for me bringing him in. He's getting off lucky in my opinion. He's very lucky. Keep him out there, he's gonna get sick and still go out on the streets, getting other people sick. And if a kid like that stays out there too long, he's gonna end up dead. Are we done here? Sure. Ethan didn't show up. He's not at the shelter? He ran away. Well, there you go. Mr. fallin, give him a chance. He's obviously been neglected by his parents, especially his father. Neglected, not abused. His parents didn't even show up for the first shelter hearing. Listen, I have other things to do with my life than community service. I can't waste any more time giving people second chances. You got one, didn't you? I did what you guys asked of me. If he's not gonna show up, I can't do anything else. Oh, Nicholas. Close that door. Look what I found at the house last night. What, were you in about the fifth grade? Second. Second? Second grade. Ok. Heh. So...How's the place? Fine. Good. And you like that car, right? That BMW? Beamer. Yeah, it's good. Ah, German. I always preferred American, but... It's just a car. Yeah. Right. Nick, why don't we, um, why don't we have lunch some time? Sure. Ok, then. Ok. Oh, Nick. Uh, thank--thank you for that pen. Thank you. Yeah. There's a call for you on line 4--a Laurie solt. Excuse me. Yeah. I got a call. Someone saw Ethan at the eagle on liberty Avenue. Ok. I'm not comfortable going over there. I'll go. Bye. [Dance music playing] Hiya, baby. Not happy with what you're finding here? How about a real woman? Not interested. Hey. See a boy walk in here? That's all I see coming in here. No, no, a teenage boy. Oh, well, that would be illegal. There's this kid. What? There's this kid-- might come in here. Might? He's very young, like 16. He probably says he's older. His name's Ethan. You arranged to hook up with him? Haven't seen your friend, not for a few nights. You know him? Everybody knows everybody here pretty much, no matter who they are. That guy over there, he's some kind of judge or something. Nick: Smitrovich. He comes in here almost every night and always goes home alone. If that ritter kid shows up... Alvin: So, you're taking the case. Well, there's no case to take, not unless he shows up. Then why are you here? I found a judge that sits on the juvenile bench. So? A gay judge. And? Maybe if Ethan turns up again, you could try to-- you want to judge pick? Could be worth a shot. That's too risky. Whatever. Just an idea. Smitrovich is a good choice. Decent, liberal. James: Smitrovich is on motions tomorrow. Schedule it. Got an address for his parents? Hi there. Are you lost? Are you Mrs. ritter? Yes. I'm Nicholas fallin. I'm your son's attorney. What is it? Were you aware there's going to be a shelter hearing regarding Ethan? Yes. Do you plan to attend? Ethan no longer lives here. Why not? If you'd spent any time with him, any time at all, you'd know why. Tell Ethan that he has a place with us here in our home when he's ready. He'll understand. Nice home. Thank you. We never had sex after the Christmas party. That's a lie. It was about a month later. How did your sexual relationship with Mr. derwitt develop? He started by asking for back rubs and flirting a little. Did you flirt back? I would try to laugh it off and change the subject. And then what happened? Then he asked me if I knew Christine Brooks. She had just been promoted. And what significance did this have to you? There was this big rumor going around the office that Franklin and Christine were having an affair. And where did your relationship go from there? He bought me things and asked me to wear them, which I did. What things? Underwear. Why didn't you say no? I have a 4-year-old son. This man has a reputation of firing women who reject his advances. Object. Objection. On what grounds? Say, "more prejudicial than probative." More prejudicial than probative, your honor. Sustained. The jury is to disregard the witness' statement about the defendant's reputation. When did you and Mr. derwitt first have intercourse? January 28, the Monday after the super bowl. How did it happen? He called me into his office and told me to sit on his lap. I'm sorry? He told me to sit on his lap. He then started to, you know, play with me, and then he ripped off my underwear pulling them down. He bent me over his desk. What were you thinking when he was doing this to you? I wasn't thinking anything. I was staring at the hula girl. The hula girl? There was this toy hula girl with a bobbing head and a shifting skirt sitting on his desk, and every time he would... I would stare at it, at her head. It bobbed. Ms. bowles. You know, I just wanted to say I hope you understand. This is hard for me to do, but I have to go through with it. You know what these guys are like. They're apes, most of them. We shouldn't be talking. I know what it's like to be eager, to want to please those men so much that you forget who you really are. Derwitt: I didn't come to your firm so that you could hand me off to some first-year associate. You came to my firm 'cause you want to win. She's out of her league. She's killing me. What's killing you is the fact that you slept with the help. Nick: You've got to be able to think on your feet. Sometimes you object just to break their rhythm. Can you handle this, Amanda? She's been first chair for one day. The second day will be easier. But you-- you gotta be tougher. Because I'm a woman. Because you're a lawyer. Nick: Amanda... I can't do this. Yes, you can. I believed her testimony, ok? I believed her. So did I. The jury hates our client. Then make them hate the other side more. Ethan? Nick. Or should I say mystery man? You knew that was me? Ah, a pretty retarded name. You missed your first hearing. We rescheduled for tomorrow. Is that what you came here to tell me? The hearing's at 10:30 A.M. Courthouse, room 301. I've done what I can, Ethan. You just need to show up. I'll be there. Good. Hey! Hey. Could you give me a lift? Where? Maybe I could stay with you tonight? Is that it? Is that the only way you know how to relate to men? How's your dad? Hmm? Has he recovered from seeing our little moment together? Don't. Nicky, what do you really want from me? What? Huh? What? Come with me. Let's go. Where are we going? Just get in the car. [Doorbell rings] He needs somewhere to spend the night. And then we'll get him to court tomorrow. Now, I want to get this straight. You were coerced into having a sexual relationship with Mr. derwitt? Yes. Not one time, but many times. Yes. Over many months. He has the power, Ms. bowles. Were you coached to say that? Objection. Sustained. Here in defendant's exhibit a, a picture of you and Mr. derwitt in Hawaii. Were you coerced into going there? This was a company retreat. You go where your boss tells you to go. In a copy of defendant's exhibit b, you're sitting on his lap. He pulled me there. And that big smile on your face is... Is a put-on? Sometimes you have no choice but to play along. So "no" just isn't in your vocabulary. You know, it's not that easy with your boss. Amanda: You left your previous job 2 years ago because you broke off a sexual relationship with your immediate supervisor. Correct? Objection, evidence of the victim's past is inadmissible. Objection sustained. What about college? We repeat our earlier objection. Withdrawn. This isn't the first time you've made allegations that someone sexually harassed you? What are you talking about? In college, you claimed that a teaching assistant raped you. We went to a party and he drugged me. So, like now, you claim to be powerless to say no. I had one beer. Next thing I know, I wake up naked in his bed. I was raped! The young man was acquitted, wasn't he? I went to the authorities too late for them to find anything in my system. The jury didn't believe you. But you want this jury to believe you this time. I'm late. Let's go. Judge eldridge already ruled on this case. Why is it being reopened? The child ran away from his group shelter and has gotten in trouble with the law, your honor. So I see. Why isn't judge eldridge hearing this case again? Nick: She's not on motions today, your honor. The child's wishes are still to be placed under these gentlemen's care? Yes. Uh, Dr. downs and Mr. Matthews are not asking for any foster money to support Ethan. And they're willing to undertake all financial responsibility for him? Yes, your honor. Sounds like they're behaving more than reasonably. May I speak, your honor? Judge smitrovich: Who are you? I'm Ethan's mother. You received a notice of this hearing? Yes. You have the right to be represented by counsel in these proceedings. Oh, I'm not asking for Ethan to come home. Then why are you here? Simply to ask that he not be placed with these two men. What's wrong with them, Mrs. ritter? A homosexual home, by its very nature, violates the fundamental religious beliefs of the catholic faith. Nick: Your honor, Mrs. ritter has openly refused to raise her own son. It is not for lack of loving him. I simply want him to be safe. He's far safer in a stable home than in a group shelter where he's been abused, or out on the streets. Your honor, Ethan ritter has 2 more years before becoming an adult. The question is, will he stay alive long enough to get there? My son says he's gay. He may be. Or he may not be. He is still young. But these two gentlemen are gay. I simply don't want him in that environment. I'm reluctant to rule on a case already under another judge's aegis. Your honor-- I will not reverse the ruling at this time. The boy is remanded to the allegheny group shelter until further notice. [Gavel bangs] I know what's going on here. Do you? And it's nice to see you again, Mr. fallin. But the law is the law. Next time, don't try and judge pick. If the judge would have ruled in our favor... Yeah? You would have stayed with them? Well, yeah. Then why don't you? How? Well, if the law's not on your side, Ethan, maybe just... I just don't let it get in my way. I didn't hear that. Verdict's coming in. Madam foreperson, have you reached a verdict? We have, your honor. What say you? In the matter of suzanna clemons vs. Franklin derwitt, we find in favor of the plaintiff, suzanna clemons... And order defendant to pay compensatory damages in the amount of $5,000. $5,000? It's a victory. Congratulations. Thanks. Smitrovich ruled against us. Yeah? You knew he would. And next time... Yeah? Don't give me a case because you think I'll go around the rules you're too afraid to break. [Music playing] [Laughing] No kidding? She cried? Suzanna clemons. She actually cried. Man, that must have been beautiful. I'm telling you, once you get them, they always cry. I hear Amanda was great. Yeah. She--she just-- she just grew a pair overnight. Just bam! Like that. Who knew it was in her? Oh, man, I gotta see that. Yeah, it was great. Next time, give me a heads-up. Jake: I will. What is it? Ethan never showed up at the shelter. We should have told him we could take the case before judge eldridge or some other judge. Why do you try so hard with this kid? I had a brother. Come with me. Well, well. Mr. fallin. I don't see anything. Neither do I. OpenSubtitles recommends using Nord VPN from 3.49 USD/month ----> osdb.link/vpn  
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 