The Guardian: Season 1, Episode 8 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 The Guardian 
 s1e8 - Heart - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 The Guardian (2001–2004): Season 1, Episode 8 - Heart - full transcript 
 Burton Fallin asks in vain for Nick's help in the case of former CEO Harry Josephs with terminal cancer, whose business partners, the Hopeson brothers, ruthlessly invoke a contract clause allowing them to sell back his shares at a measly historical price. Nick gives priority to the case of incurably sick Lesley Walker, who needs a legal guardian to be eligible for a donor heart. Her former foster parents refuse to adopt her at their own children's expense, but Nick considers filing for custody himself. Burton's lover makes him promise to present her to Nick, who never forgave him being an absent father and husband, but is stood up. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Nick: Sorry. We should go in. I don't think I want to do this. Nonsense. I can walk. You're running late. Mr. fallin was parking. Where are her foster parents? They're on their way. Miss solt, do I need to postpone these adoption hearings again? I certainly hope not, your honor. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Miss solt? A moment? I'm sorry, judge damsen. We can't do this. Mr. Carlson. I'm sorry, we can't. We talked about it all last night. Tracey. We can't. But surely you're going to go on being her foster parents? It's just too much for our family. You're not just gonna leave her here with me? We talked to her last night, told her there was a chance we wouldn't do this. Last night? 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 I think she understands. Take us off the docket. There won't be an adoption. Judge: I am sentencing you to 1,500 hours of community service using your skills as a corporate attorney to work as a child advocate. It's ok. Don't cry, miss solt. I'm sorry. It's just totally inappropriate. Damn it. Please. I'll be ok. I've had tons of foster parents. We'll find someone else. We've got to get you back to the shelter. Looks like your ride's on its way. Thank you. You ok? No. What's going on with the girl? She has congenital heart disease. She's waiting for a transplant. Now she won't get one. How does a blown adoption kill her chance to get a heart? They won't give her a heart if she doesn't have a stable home life. If there's not an adult around to make sure her needs are attended to, she's gonna die. Harry. Hey, Burt. How are ya? All right. I'm all right. Good to see you. I'm sorry. I'm sorry it's been so long. I've--I've been meaning to call. How you doing? I'm all right. People our age, when one of us gets sick, we--we don't want to talk to one another about it. I still should have called. On to business, huh? Yeah, yeah. Stan and Abe send you over here to do their dirty work? Right. I'm assuming that contract I signed 30 years ago is about to bite me on the ass. Yeah, well, you've-- you've missed 89 days, Harry, and tomorrow's the last, uh-- yeah, I figured it was only a matter of time before Stan and Abe wanted to free up some stock to hire my replacement. Right. So... Yeah. Here it is. This may sound a little official, but... Yeah. Let me have it. Pursuant to paragraph 4-b of the stockholders agreement, hopeson incorporated would like to repurchase your stock. Yeah, paragraph 4-b? You know what that says, Harry. If a stockholder becomes permanently disabled, the company has the right to repurchase that individual's stock. Uh-huh. How much, Burton? Just under 200,000. [Laughs] That's 6 cents on the dollar. Not according to their valuation. Oh, no! Last year they had a firm offer of $30 million. I own 10% of the stock. Harry, I'm sorry, but it's 200,000. That's-- that's their offer. Hey, what are you doing?! Goin' back to work! Harry-- what the hell do you think I'm doing?! Harry-- Harry, open the door! Open the door, Harry! What's wrong? Hmm? You haven't even told me a joke. Hmm. Did I tell you the one about the 3-legged pig? Yes, you did. Uh-huh. So what's going on? Oh, it's, uh... Work. An old client. Well, the company's an old client. He's the c.O.O. We drafted a very tough contract for the stockholders back in the seventies, and now it's screwing him. You're just doing your job, right? He's dying of cancer, and they're taking advantage of that fact. Mm. Why don't you come over to my house tomorrow night? I'll make you dinner. Where's your son? David went to college a month ago. Oh, yeah. I knew that. I did. I did know that. I'm sorry. So my house is empty. I'd love it if you'd stay the night... For once. All right. Tomorrow. I'll call you after work. His foster father pushed him down the stairs. You couldn't have known. I had a feeling when I placed him last year. [Clears throat] Hey, Richard. How's it goin', kid? Hi. Who's that guy? Another lawyer I work with. Just you. But he's gonna help. No. I don't want him in here. Ok. Go ahead. Nice to meet you, Richard. I'll wait in the hall. Hi. What are you doing here? I was just visiting a patient down the hall with James. I should go. I'll come by later. Ok. What happened? She was feeling weak. They brought her in last night for tests. And? Her heart's failing. How bad is it? I don't know. They keep upping her dose of amrinone to make her heart function as normal as possible, but they can't keep doing that-- [cell phone rings] Excuse me. Yeah? No, no, no. File the papers for the Riley deal with the county. Yes, today. Do it today. What is the matter with you? Did I do something to offend you? Wake up! Just wake the hell up! Hey! Hey! Hi. Um...We didn't officially meet. You're Nick, right? The lawyer guy who Laurie likes. Well, I don't think she likes me. Well, she hired you at the last minute to represent me. Said you'd do the right thing. She did? I heard her yelling at you. Yeah. Are you upset? No. Then why'd you come back here? Uh, because I, um... Well, you know, I just wanted-- to wish me luck? No. I know I'm gonna die. I've known it for years. It hasn't happened yet, so... Maybe it won't. Do you think about dying? Sometimes. You afraid? No. It's ok. I am, too. You know, other times, I think... It's gonna be ok, like, I was born, and I'm alive now. It's all part of it, so I'll die. Like everyone else... I'll die. How old are you? 12. How old are you? 32. You wanna play a game? No. I have a meeting. Don't. What? Let me win. I'm not. Yes, you are. No, I'm not. You think I care if I beat you or not? Like later, I'll be lying in bed thinking, oh, what a perfect day-- I beat a really cute boy at checkers. You're really handsome. Thank you. You are. You think I'm pretty? Yeah. No. You don't. I bet I could be, but I don't have any boobs, and I've had 3 open-heart surgeries, so I have terrible-looking scars. Boys probably don't want to kiss me or anything. Oh, I, uh, I wouldn't be so sure about that. Have you ever... You know, with a girl who had scars like mine? No. I heard that some girls get sympathy sex. You have? I've heard that. And you know what? If someone was offering, I'd take one... When I'm older. Well, you--you know, sex isn't the most important...Thing. Yes, it is. Sex is the most important thing in the world. No, it's not. Then what is? [Cell phone ringing] You can answer it. Uh, I think it's your move. Harry! What the hell are you doing? I'm going to work. Harry... Who the hell is in my office? Harry. Damn you both! [Gasping] Harry! Harry! She was born with the problem. Her mother was a teenager and gave her up. She's lived in foster care all her life. Her heart function has deteriorated. She's retaining fluids. Her medication is about to push her into "urgent status" qualification. There's really nothing more they can do at this point to save her life but get her a new heart, or they're gonna have to let her go. And if her former foster parents were to agree to bring her back? She'd have a chance. Then what are their names? You can't just barge into their house and demand they take her back because you say so. Are you gonna give me the information, or am I gonna have to go into Alvin's office and get it myself? You don't have any idea who we are or why we made this decision. All I know is that there's a girl that's about to die because she-- because she has a defective heart, Mr. fallin, not because of anything me or my wife have done. Without you, she doesn't have a chance. She didn't have a chance when we brought her into this home 2 years ago, either. It's easy for you, isn't it-- standing there judging us. I'm looking for help. Do you have any children? No. Are you even married? No. So basically, you're a child yourself. You should have the decency to leave us in peace. I didn't mean any offense. We truly love Lesley. We gave 2 years of our lives to her. We've been very fortunate. My business has done well, a couple of healthy kids. We felt we had a debt to pay. But once this started-- what Lesley needs to live-- we had to keep all the kids home from school, teach them here. Medications 3 times a day. If you miss something, she could die. Check her heart rate 4 times a day. Miss a problem, she dies. Trips to the E.R. every month, checkups--not to mention the expense. We just couldn't handle it anymore. We love Lesley... But we had to choose our own family first. I got it. How are you doing? Warren. How are you? Harry, what the hell were you thinking? I went to work, Burton. It's on the books. I went to work. My client is not permanently disabled. No. According to the contract, he is. Paragraph 7 defines "permanent disability" as the inability to perform one's duties and obligations for a period of 90 days. He showed up for work on day 90. He was driven away by an ambulance before he reached his desk. It doesn't matter. I made it to my office. Burton: Harry... Book value per share-- this is ridiculous. The hopesons rejected a $30-million offer to buy the company just 11 months ago. Based on that number, my client is due $3 million. Based on that number, you're right. But based on the contract-- and that's all that matters here-- he's due 200,000. That's ridiculous, Burton. Warren, I know, 11 months ago, we were all doing a lot better economically. So you're saying that yesterday a $30-million company is suddenly worth 2? No. I'm telling you what the contract provides and what my client is willing to pay. Harry, you know, if you fight this thing and lose, you're gonna have to cover his fee and mine. And I know what Warren's worth. Harry: When we first started this company, I told Stan and Abe to hire you because you were a ruthless son of a bitch. And, brother, was I ever right. Thank you. It's not as easy as you think. Lesley's in the system, but she's not classified 1-a. So? So even if a heart came in today, she wouldn't qualify for it. Well, say I find suitable foster parents. They'd have to fill a lot of requirements. Like what? They'd have to be able to give medicine, transport people to the hospital, understand the disease, its rejection systems. They'd have to be solid citizens with plenty of time and resources. But if I find them, you'll let me talk to the patient selection committee? I sit on that committee, Mr. fallin. Believe me, nothing would make me happier than to find somebody in time. Cancel that. What else can we do? The usual. Agencies--we have to interview potential foster parents. But it's not simple. This is a very powerful story. Not to be crude, but you put the picture of a dog that got hit by a car on the evening news and you get thousands of letters in response. Everybody wants to be part of the drama. But you get the dog home, deal with the fact that it needs pills, a trip to the vet, it hasn't been housebroken, and before you know it, it's back out on the street again. We're not talking about a dog. No. We're talking about human nature. And what if I did go to the press? You'd get thousands of responses from well-meaning people from all over the country. Isn't that the point? We don't have time for that. We need people from the city who have been checked out, who meet the criteria. Pittsburgh examiner. I want a quarter-page ad. It reads, "allegheny county social services needs immediate--" now in bold print-- "foster parents for 12-year-old girl with congenital heart disease." Then double-space-- "please contact Nick fallin at fallin and associates, 412..." He was pathetic. It doesn't count as a day of work, walking into the office and collapsing. No, it doesn't. The contract is solid-- "permanently disabled." He hasn't worked in more than 3 months straight. He's dying of cancer, Stan. We're not being heartless. This is just business. Well, you think 200,000 is fair? A deal's a deal. We've already made Harry a rich man. He helped make your rich, too, you know. Whose side are you on, Burton? Oh, he's hired an attorney. He wants to fight. Well, there's a provision for that, isn't there? Oh, of course. In the event of a dispute, the prevailing party is entitled to recover all costs and fees incurred. How much will it cost to defend this? The fees for both attorneys could run into... 6 figures. Easily. Oh, tell him to take the money, instead of flushing what he has left down the crapper in a dispute. All right. I'll tell him. Thank you very much. It was good to see you, and we'll, uh... We'll be in touch. Good. Nicholas. Mr. hopeson. Nicholas. I need you to take a case for me. Which one? The hopesons. Harry Joseph's contract. Yeah. I'm too close to this one. Harry's my friend. Uh, I can't. Nicholas, I need your head in our business. This work you're doing outside the firm is getting in the way of your obligations. I'm sorry. I just can't do it today. And it's not appropriate for you to use our offices as a placement center for little girls. Can you measure medications? Laurie: Do you have a car? Do you live near the hospital? Do you have c.P.R. Training? Woman: Yes good. That's a start. Can you draw blood? Do you have any experience as caregivers? My wife knows c.P.R. Her father had heart problems, and she took care of him for 3 years before he died. What do we do next? Come down to social services. We'll verify your financial information, and you can fill out the forms. Good. Well, the offer is still 200,000. They're screwing me. I couldn't do this to either one of them. The contract can't be modified, Harry. It's the way you wanted it to be. Burton, as a friend, tell me the truth. What would you do? I'd file a lawsuit tomorrow morning. Sarah: I have spent the last 21 years being accountable to my children. When I got divorced, every date I had had to be over by their curfew. What is it? [Sighs] My son. I'd like to meet him. [Chuckling] No, we don't exactly share each other's personal lives. Why not? His mother. We were divorced when he was 10. She got sick a few months after that, and she died when he was 12 years old. You think he blames you for that? She would say to me-- during the divorce-- she would say to me, "you're killing me. You're killing me." In front of the boy. In front of Nick? Yeah. "You're killing me." She said that, he heard that, then she died. But he's...Older now. I mean, he must understand. No. I don't think kids ever get over things like that. Well, I'd like to meet him. You should introduce us. I think it's time he knew about me, anyway, don't you? Yeah. You ever think about having another child? God, no! I mean adopting. I've thought about it. A little girl like this could use people like us. I'm...A little bit too old for that, ok? No, you're not. We could do it together. You know what I think? I think you're just lonely 'cause your kids are off to college. Well, aren't you, a little? Honey, this talk makes me-- it's good. It's...Good. No. I don't want be a father again, ok? That's part of my life that's over. Well, what do you want? This is fine by me, just like this. Ok? Ok. I'll tell you what-- you pick the night, come over to the office, we'll take Nick to dinner. You can meet Nick, he meets you. Ok? Ok. Hmm? Mm-hmm. [Chuckles] What the hell happened? I told you not to come. I heard there was a heart available. We have a couple that want to be Lesley's foster parents. They had pets--birds. They wouldn't give them up. What are you talking about? Birds carry disease. Lesley would be susceptible. If they won't give up 2 birds, they're not gonna give up everything else they have to to be her guardian. I'm sorry, Nick. Dr. ridestrom. Yes. I'm Nick fallin. I work with Laurie solt. I'm trying to find foster parents for Lesley Walker. Good luck. If we can find someone by the end of the day, is there any chance that Lesley could have that heart? Mr. fallin, I appreciate your interest, but that heart will be transplanted within the next 6 hours. She's dying. I can't just let that happen. I know you mean well, but you must understand that at any given time there are over 4,000 people waiting for a chance like this. If I waste one heart, then 2 people die. Ms. solt. [Sighs] It rained last night. Yeah. Around here--rain, snow-- people get excited. Why is that? Car crashes. It's sick, I know, but we watch the news with a totally different angle. It's all about potential organ donors. Pile-up on the freeway-- well, did a girl about my age die? I heard about the heart. I'm sorry. That's ok. The 18-year-old girl down the hall is gonna get it. Yeah. She's sweet. She deserves it. Lesley, uh... I'm doing everything that I can. Of course, you are. I'm sorry. When you talked to the carlsons, they told you, didn't they? How hard it was. Yeah. Do you have any idea how it feels to be a burden? It's disgusting. Either way I'm fine. If I'm out of this body, I'm free. The only way I want to live is if I'm strong enough to take care of myself. Otherwise, what's the point? I mean, really, waitin' around for a cute boy like you to come and apologize to me. Nick: I'm sorry about the Riley case. Jake covered for you. He wanted you to look over these files. Any luck on that ad? Didn't work. Oh. Humph, being a parent. Yes. Well, I certainly wasn't a natural at it, that's for sure. You were fine. Don't lie to me, son. You know, when you got arrested, the first thing I did-- picked up the damn phone and called your mother. She'd been dead for 19 years. I still had that number in my head. I just thought she could handle it better. That's--that's the way I did it, just left it up to her. When she died, I left it up to baby-sitters, prep schools, and-- we--we don't have to talk about this. No. Nick. You're a man now. Whatever chance I had with you when you were a kid-- [Sighs] You're a man now. [Door closes] What is it? I want to become Lesley Walker's foster parent. You're not suitable. Why not? How could it hurt? You're on probation for drug possession. If I could just take her in for now, she would get a heart. You work 80-hour weeks. Well, if it doesn't work with me, then she's easier to place. You're immature. You're not married. If she's a healthier girl who has a heart already, it's not such a daunting task for an adoptive parent. You have no experience. You can't just take her in as a legal ruse to get around the system. Why not? Because it's not done, is why not. It flies in the face of all the rules we've set up out of fairness. Then it's fair to let her die? Of course not. You think I'm suitable, Laurie. I'm not gonna ask you to say it right now. I'm gonna walk back to legal service. I'm gonna let you think about it, but I'm gonna do this. Absolutely not. Come on, Alvin. I have seen some of the parents that come through here. You have to ask yourself why you're doing this. Because someone has to. Yes, but why you? Well, why not me? There's a reason you're a single man on probation who works 2 full-time jobs. There's a reason you are like you are. Like I am? [Sighs] You don't strike me as someone who knows how to be around other people full-time. And how would you know? 'Cause I can't do it either. Well, I'm withdrawing myself as Lesley Walker's lawyer. She's gonna need you to represent her from now on. [Footsteps] I, uh, have a present for you. [Sighs] What? You're blowing me off, aren't you? No. You probably thought about it all night, about how to break it to me, and then when you woke up, you found you were so guilty that you went to the store, like all the other rich people, and brought me a present to make yourself feel better. Do you want it? Well, hell, yes, I want it, but only if it makes you feel better. Yes, it does. So, now's the time you say good-bye and wish me well, right? Well... Lesley, I, uh... I want to be your foster parent. You? Yeah. No. Why not? I have impure thoughts about you. [Chuckles] I'm trying to be serious. Tell me something. What about me makes you want to do this? Well, firstly, you need a heart. That's not a good enough answer, 'cause after I get one, you still got me. My parents, um... Yeah? My mom died when I was young, and--and, uh, my... My father sent me away, and, uh... I--I'm-- I'm still angry, and I--I met you, and--and... And everyone's abandoned you, and you're... You're, um... You're the strongest person I've ever met, and...I don't like the idea of you dying. Rebecca? Yeah? I've got a problem. What is it? That guy I've got working in my clinic doing his community service... Nicholas fallin? He wants to be considered as a potential foster parent for a young girl named Lesley Walker. She needs a heart. Oh, right, I remember. Are you recommending him? I'm not the arbiter. Well, what do you think of him? Well, I've only known him a couple of months. I don't particularly like him. But... He impresses me. Well, that doesn't speak to his being a foster parent, Alvin. No. No, it doesn't. I just don't think it's fair for me to make the decision. You're passing the buck. Yeah. Have him in my court in 2 hours. Thank you. [Knock on door] Hello? Why, Sarah. Hey, come on in, come on in. My appointment was canceled, so... I'm a little early. Oh... Oh, oh, Sarah, this is my son Nick. This is, uh, my very good friend Sarah smalley. Great to meet you. I've heard so much about you. Uh, I have a lot of work to do, so, um... I'll just take it into the conference room. Nice to meet you. Oh, yeah... Aren't the 3 of us supposed to have lunch together? Honey, I am so sorry. I completely forgot. You forgot? We were working on these contracts and it went right out of my head. I'm--I'm really sorry. You finally set up lunch so I can meet your son and you forgot? I told you-- I told you I'm not good at this. I mean, I tried, but ultimately, I'm not easy to be with. You look great. You like to blame yourself, don't you? Excuse me? Well, you tell yourself it's your fault and you think that'll make me feel better. What? But you know what? It doesn't. It makes you feel better. Sarah, wait a minute-- whoa, whoa, wait a minute. I--you know, I--I don't think this is gonna work. I mean, the truth is, you're self-absorbed. You know, you sit around wondering why you're not closer to your son, but you actually like the distance that you've created because it lets you sit back, do nothing, and spend more time with yourself. Whoa. H-h-hey, hey, Sarah, Sarah, Sarah! Hey, wait a minute! That your girlfriend? Was. [Cell phone rings] Yeah? Yeah, I'll be right there. Your honor, Nicholas fallin pled guilty to misdemeanor charges of drug possession, and that was a plea bargain down from much more serious charges. He's currently on probation, he is single, and has shown no apparent aptitude to take care of himself, let alone a special needs child such as Lesley. Mr. fallin? I'm fulfilling the requirements of my probation. It won't be a problem. Let's say it becomes one. He slips, does something foolish, ends up in jail. Who will take care of Lesley? I'm not gonna slip. Your honor, Mr. fallin can't guarantee that. Miss solt, do you agree with your agency's position? I don't know what to think. Officially, of course, I concur in our position. Personally? I don't know. A few minutes ago, I overheard someone in the hall talking about Nick fallin. They called him a son of a bitch. He is...That. He can be rude, standoffish... When I first met him, I truly disliked him. But of all the imperfect people I've met in this world, and that would be everybody, Nick is one of the few who lives by a set of standards. I do think his mind is set on this. I do think he has the right things in his mind. And he's the kind of person who will follow through. Might be just to prove other people wrong... But he follows through. Have you ever been in a long term relationship, Mr. fallin? No. Why do you think you're prepared to have one now? You don't know? You know, I know I meant to say something extraordinary here, uh... But...All I can say is that... That I won't let Lesley down. I know that I failed myself, that's true. I admit that. But... I will not fail that girl. I will not fail Lesley. Lesley Walker will be placed in the care of Nicholas fallin, who is also immediately appointed as her medical guardian. [Gavel pounds] Let's say that Lesley Walker receives a new heart. The chances of her survival are decent, but her needs will be extraordinary. I understand that. I don't know if you do. Keeping Lesley alive requires putting her through a lot of pain. As a caregiver, you have to be prepared to hurt to help. Ok. Her discomfort will be extreme at times. Her survival after the surgery is still tenuous and painful. I understand that. 3 previous open-heart surgeries makes her chances of even surviving the transplant 50-50. Stress from the surgery can do neurological damage. She simply will not stand up from surgery and be a normal child. She will never be a normal child, and you will never have a moment's peace. And all the time, work, money, and love you give may end in a profound sense of loss. Do you understand that, Mr. fallin? Yes. So do you still want to do this? Yes. All right, then. We'll get back to you. Uh, if you don't mind, the meeting's in here. You know, he's hired a crackerjack attorney. What are you saying? He's making the argument that your recent investments to...Modernize the plant occurred after-- after Harry got sick. Is this argument valid? It's not ridiculous. If it gets in front of a jury, it could be problematic. Harry'll be dead by then. Well, then his widow will claim that you two rich guys screwed a cancer patient. But does he have a valid, legal argument, Burton? Well, I wish he did. Excuse me? Look, 30 years ago, we were all young men. No one was gonna get sick or die. It was all about protecting ourselves from an older generation of future stockholders, not from each other. Now, he served you pretty well. Why do you want to do this to him now? Burton, close the deal at $200,000. If I don't? Close the deal, Burton. We won't ask you again. Heart's available. Is it a match? It'll be here in 2 hours. Let's go. Oh, my keys, keys, keys. This is cyclosporine. It makes it so your body won't attack your new heart. Hi, Lesley. Hi. I need to inform you that-- I know. That I might need blood, and if you feel that the organ is not suitable for my body, you might call off the operation. That's right. And I wonder if you're aware-- and I understand that I might die in this operation, and I give you my consent to do it anyway. You give your consent, Mr. fallin? You are Lesley's medical guardian. All right, Lesley, we're gonna take you down to the operating room now. Oh. I can come back. No, no, no. Come on in. You sure? Yeah, come on, come on. Well... [Chuckles] Stan and Abe, huh? They'll never budge. Not an inch. Bastards. Ha ha ha ha. Hell of a deal. Buying back 10% of the company for a fraction of its value. Business, Harry, pure and simple. Business. Ha ha. And if you lose, you know what happens, so... And if...I win? Truth be told, I hope you do. Hope you kick their ass. [Both chuckling] But you're not gonna roll over, are ya, Burton? Not in my nature, Harry. Just... Not in my nature. Yeah...Well... I've still got a lot of fight left in me. I'm not gonna die. Well... I'll, uh... I'll tell them you rejected the offer, ok? Uh-huh. [Softly] Don't go yet. I'll see you later, pal. See ya. She didn't make it, did she? They never got the heart in. They were able to save it, though. They gave it to a 9-year-old boy. Nick... You all right? Yeah, yeah. I'm fine. Take it. Just take it. Thanks. I know you just wanted her to live. If she had, you'd have walked up to me, shrugged, and said, "go find her a home, Laurie." Isn't that right? Isn't that right? [Crying] OpenSubtitles recommends using Nord VPN from 3.49 USD/month ----> osdb.link/vpn  
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 