Man in an Orange Shirt: Season 1, Episode 1 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Man in an Orange Shirt 
 s1e1 - Episode #1.1 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Man in an Orange Shirt (2017): Season 1, Episode 1 - Episode #1.1 - full transcript 
 Two separate yet entwined stories show the challenges to happiness for Michael and Thomas in the aftermath of World War 2 in time when such love was forbidden and dangerous and to Adam and Steve in the present day. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 I didn't know you owned a cottage. Why did you two never live there? I visited once, but I never cared for it. Anyway, it was your grandfather's. It was really all very basic. Goodnight. Goodnight, dear. My dear Flora, your photograph is getting pretty battered with all the travelling around in my breast pocket. I can't tell you where we are or much of what we're doing, of course. Much of the countryside is so beautiful that 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 I have to remind the men that we're not here on holiday, but then merry hell breaks out again. I'll spare you the details... Aim at the olive groves, until the others get through to relieve us. Yes, sir! Bastards got the supply lorry before it could get through the gates, sir! It's the driver, sir. Another dead with him. They shot out the tyres, and it's tipped over in the ditch. Put him with the others, quickly! We need the MO! I think this one's still with us, sir. The MO's dead. Put him with the rest. Quickly! Not another? He was in the back with the supplies. Oh, Christ. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Set him down gently. I need you back at the gatehouse. We can't have the others ambushed. Do you understand? Sir... Well, don't just sit there! Help him! With me! With me, come on! Sugar... The lorry's full of bloody sugar. March. Thomas March! March, stay with me. Stay with me! March! Captain. You were lucky. No, your lot saved my life. This... This was your real life-saver. I need to get your sketchpads back from our CO. He... He's not exactly artistic. Berryman? Was I a beast to you at school? Berryman! Er, well, actually, you were always very kind. Has anyone seen Captain Berryman? What a relief. Berryman, a word. Yes, sir. Yes. All right, then. Pass it. Almost. Stay on it. Left! Left! Push it, push it! Hey! Come on! Come on, get stuck in! 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 