Will & Grace: Season 4, Episode 10 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Will & Grace 
 s4e10 - Moveable Feast: Part 2 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Will & Grace (1998–…): Season 4, Episode 10 - Moveable Feast: Part 2 - full transcript 
 When Will, Grace, Jack, and Karen want to spend Thanksgiving together. But they each have to visit someone or go to another Thanksgiving dinner. So Will comes up with the plan to visit each... 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Pick the lady and you win a dollar. Red, black, black. Just follow the lady. - Pick the queen - Uh...this one? Sorry. Jack? It's that one, I know it is. And once again you set me up for failure. Those football players, their asses are so high. - I'm hungry. - I'm thirsty. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 I could hump a tree. It's...that one. Sorry. All right! You did it You know what that means, don't you? You get to keep my lucky cards. No, I can't take these from you. - You said you liked 'em. - Yeah, they're great. -Come on, I want you to have them. -No, I can't. -Oh, just take the cards, Elliot! Take the damn cards! The man wants you to have the cards, take the cards! And you, man stop badgering the boy! - You better take 'em. - Thanks. All right. Ding, Ding! Ding, ding... 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Wwhat are you doing? What's the matter with you? Ding the dang bell! Is there something wrong, Jack? If you have something to say to me, just say it. Ok. There is something that I've been wanting to tell you for a long time, Gotta go. Elliot! Was so nice to meet you. I hope you don't mind, I finish the water in that table. Oh, that wasnt mine, it was there when I checked in. Well, these last few stops have been a nice warm-up, now brace yourself for real dysfunction, WASP dysfunction. You can't say it. You can't talk about it but you know it's there. Kind of like a fart in church. Just tell them about the code. Oh, yes, the code, "Business trip" is the code for my father's affair with his mistress, otherwise known as "associate," "colleague," or "client." I learned that the hard way, last Easter when I, talked about taking on three clients at the same time. God, I miss the 90's. If you're feeling remotely full after appetizers, don't undo your top button. You'll need that to hold in your feelings. - Hey, look who's here! - Hey, guys! What's with the haircut? Thanks, Paul Nice to see you, too Hey, Willie.I just mentioned your haircut You don't have to cry about it. Hey! Is that the brother you slept with as a substitute for, the gay one you're in love with but can never really have? No. That's his other brother Sam. Paul, Peggy these are my friends Karen, Jack, and of course, Grace. Grace, it's so nice to meet you. There's a woman where I get my hair done in Westport She's Jewish, too. Oh, sure, I've seen her at the meetings. Excuseme, where is the little boys room? I think I have to take a bussisness trip. Was that all right? Hey, you all are! Oh, Will, darling Let me shut the door I don't want to have to deal with that gossipy new neighbor. Hello! Mrs. Schaefer. Her eldest has a lazy eye Her youngest is a prostitute. Oh, Grace, dear I was just finishing up the soup bowls. I saw a special on the Food Network on how to, make them out of gourds. Oh, food can be such fun. This is where I'm going to die. -Who wants a martini? -And I've gone to heaven. If you need to change there's a guest room at the top of the stairs. No, mom. This is what we're wearing. Oh, good You should be comfortable. I guess I'm just, what? Am I old-fashioned I guess? So, uh, where's dad? Oh, he had a last-minute business meeting. It seems his...client couldn't wait till after the holidays. Oh, you know your father and his work. Yeah, he's dedicated. Hey... I'm sorry Sam couldn't make it but I'm so, glad you're here I never get to see you. Paul, sweetie come sit next to me. Hi, I'm Grace You must be Uncle Winnie. Oh, don't bother, darling He's on medication He thinks you're a balloon. Oh, and one more thing. That's three. Could you please come and help me? I'm having some trouble with the garbage disposal. I called the plumber but it's a holiday so, you know. Oh, don't touch the wall, Jack. - Will, I'm a-scared. - You should be. I like Will's family. They drink. Were you serious about what you said before? Are you really thinking about having sex with someone? Oh, for God's sakes stop fishing you big lez, It's not gonna be with you. Oh, shucks. And I made myself all purty. But, you know, if I was gonna do it, it'd have to be just the right situation, you know? And just the right kind of guy, a big, swarthy, hunky working-class kind of guy, you know, the kind that wears a tool belt but doesn't know how to spell it. I wouldn't hold your breath. That kind of guy only exists in porno movies. Uh, excuse me, ladies, someone needed their pipes cleaned out? Oh, that sounds like your father's ring. Let's eat. I'll get the soup Tell everybody to take their seats. Their names are on the artichokes. Now, they're all in a particular order so no switching. I'm glad I get to taste mom's soup before Peggy and I have to take off. What are you talking about? You're not taking off I'm taking off. -Oh, I'm sorry, buddy I have to. -No, no, no Not this year. Come on, Will You're her favorite. You should stay. I am not her... Even so, I'm going. Whatcha doing? Fixing things? Well, this disposal. I've got a bolt here that just won't go in. Oh, well, maybe you should talk dirty to it. I mean, you were saying? I'm exhausted. Sure. -It's gin. -It's that? Why you're right. Grace, darling, please tuck this napkin under your chin, The last time you ruined my tablecloth with all your slopping. Well, gotta go. -Paul, could I talk to you a minute? -Will, eat your soup Mom made it. It's in gourds. - Guess I'm finished - Are you? Or are you just getting started? -What's left to do? -Well, if you poke around a little bit I bet you could find something. -I'm sure I can. -Don't talk, you'll wreck it. -What's going on here? -I'm not sure. Oh! How dare you! I'm a married woman! -Sorry, man I've got obligations. -So do I. There is a huge difference between my obligation, to my family and your obligation to your friends. My friends are my family. Your situation is completely different and you know it! You made that choice. Choice?! Are you kidding me? Look, let's go over this again. My being gay is no more a choice... Paul, don't leave yet I just want to send a little, bottle of wine over to Peg's folks for the holidays. Just a little thank you for forgetting us this year. Well, what's going on here? -Nothing Will's crying. -I am not. Look, we just both have places we need to be. We both feel that one of us should stay. -Mom, you pick. -Oh, that is so unfair. Don't make her choose, you know who she's gonna pick. -I pick Paul. -Of course... What? Well, I would like to propose a toast. To our own Thanksgiving. To no longer being at, the mercy of our mothers fathers, brothers... Plumbers. Feels pretty good doesn't it? I hate the way I left things with my mom. I feel terrible. I feel worse about what happened between me and my step-dad. Why worse? Because it happened to me. Hey, what about me? Stan put me in an awful position. And that plumber nearly did, too. Yeah, well, I feel fine. - No, you don't - No, I don't! How could she pick Paul over me? -Well, let's dig into this turkey. -Wait! Wait a minute! Um, doesn't it seem wrong to enjoy a beautiful uneaten Turkey? when you have all this unfinished emotional business? -You know what? -She's right. Two minutes each. We say our piece and we get out. -But I'm starved- -So? The turkey'll still be here when we get back. Or whatever. Go, go. I'm sorry, Rosario, but we'll try to be as quick as we can. Have a piece of fruit to tide yourself over. Fruit, my ass. Two minutes Go! Don't talk. I got something to say to you and I don't have a lot of time. I'm angry with you Stanley. Why do you want me to have sex with other men? I mean, sure I'm miserable without you but, it's not the kind of miserable that's gonna go away with a quick tongue wrestle with a, I don't know, 5' 10" maintenance man, with a I don't know musky smell of Paco Rabanne and dirty metal and a, I don't know Chinese serenity symbol tattooed on his left bicep, or something, I mean, the point is, I don't want any man but you. I love you, every fold, nook and cranny of you, you two-ton English muffin. Hey, we still got 40 seconds left What do you want to do? Ok. Only this time you stick your boobs on the glass. Come on Happy Thanksgiving Mr. Walker. I love you. Two minutes... Go! Hey, everyone would you mind if I had a minute alone with my mom? Thanks. There's something I need to say to you. Oh, and what's that? You already told me I can't act, did you come back to tell me I can't sing? Oh, mom of course you can s... Let's not get it. Look, I... I hate what I said to you. I was just upset. But the whole "I told you so" thing, it's just, it's just that sometimes it seems like you love being right even more than you love me. Are you kidding, dear? I love you more than anything in the world. That's sweet, mom. I guess a part of me, does appreciate that on some level, but the dance... Why the dance? Well, it's cute, darling. Everybody thinks so. Who is "everybody"? Look, the point is that it bothers you so I just won't say "I told you so" anymore. Mom, I want to believe that but in 33 years, you have never been able to restrain yourself. I promise you, dear you'll never hear it again. - Really? - Really. Because, there are a lot of things that you write about, it's like, I don't wish that I could play the piano, or speak more languages, type, had a nursery certificate just in case. And you were right, that guy was married. You're the only one who could see that coming. Not I. Just you. Well, thank you for that, mom. - I love you. - I love you, too, dear. I told her so! I told her so! Two minutes Go! I just have one question for you How dare you be so nice to Elliot! Where was that guy when I was growing up? -Well, I was probably... -Oh, is that supposed to be your answer? You are ten times the father with him than you ever were with me. - No, I don't think you... - Don't change the subject! For my 12th birthday I asked for a "Beautiful Chrissy" doll with beautiful hair that grows. And what did you get me? A dirt bike? What the hell's a 12-year-old boy gonna do with a dirt bike?! You don't know me at all! Hey, you don't know me either It's not like you took any interest in me. I was a kid, I wasn't supposed to. Yeah, you got me there. Yeah, I do, don't I? You were a tough kid to figure out. It was like having a foreign exchange student in the house. You spoke your own language and wore a beret. Well, you should have tried harder. You're right I should have. I was a crap father. I'm sorry. But, Jack, I'm not the same guy. Well, I am. I'm still mad. I know. But what do you get out of holding on to something like that? I'd really like us to get closer, Jack. Well, it won't be easy. I'm very complicated. I am a swirling mass of contradictions. Sometimes I'm happy. Sometimes I'm sad. Sometimes... Well, I guess those are the only two. But... You really want to get to know me? I do. If you want to take the time to get to know me. I guess I wouldn't be adverse to that. I'll take that present now. - Ok, uh... - Right there on the bed. I didn't know what to get you, so I just put some money in a box. Oh, pop, you do know me! Ok, two minutes Go! So, what? Paul is your favorite now? Where is he? Favorite?! -I sent him home. -You what? -I just... I don't know, I didn't want him around. -But you chose him You'd obviously rather have him around than me. Oh, William, sweetheart, you know, I don't have favorites. But if I did, you know who it would be. That's why I could pick Paul in front of you. but I couldn't pick you in front of Paul. Because he would have cried, right? Because he's the crier. Now, go home Be with your family. I'm giving you Thanksgiving off this year. No, no, look I don't think you should be alone on a holiday. Honey, I'm not alone. I've got Uncle Winnie. Bingo! I win! Do you hear that? He wins. So stop treating me like I'm some fragile old woman. I'm fine. I mean it would be nice if your father, didn't he to conduct his business on holidays but, it's not your job to take care of me. -Well, I think it is. -No, no, please, go home. I'm busy. I have to go through daddy's closet pick out a couple of suits he loves, and give them to the Salvation Army. Let's go. We can still make it home in time for dinner. - Great. I'm starved. - Me, too. Even I could use some solids. Well, wait till you guys taste this turkey. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 