The Perfect Insider: Season 1, Episode 8 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 The Perfect Insider 
 s1e8 - Episode #1.8 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 The Perfect Insider (2014–…): Season 1, Episode 8 - Episode #1.8 - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Previously on 'The Perfect Insider.' A headless corpse was discovered at the character figures event. And a prime suspect of another murder, which took place at about the same time was lying down in the same room. I'm sure that the real culprit is trying to incriminate Terabayashi-san. Do you think I'm the culprit? I don't think so. We need to pay attention to the first incident, when Tsutsumi Asuka-san's head was cut off. The corpse without the head and the culprit existed inside the same room. That's the biggest proposition of this case. And at the workshop of the victim's brother, Tsutsumi Kiyoto 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 a strange show has begun. Asuka-san... That's right. No! [Nishinosono Moe] [Tsutsumi Kiyoto] Was it fun for you? Good night! [Jinnan University] Do you know the difference between the area moment of inertia and section modulus? The value of bending unit stress at the distance Y from the neutral axis can be calculated as, ? = (i / m) x Y. [Saikawa Sohei] Professor Saikawa, yesterday I... 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 You went to Tsutsumi Kiyoto-san's workshop, I heard. Yasutomo-san must have told you. Perhaps... Kiyoto-san may be the culprit. What makes you think so? He had a character figure of Asuka-san at his workshop. He created his work using his sister as a subject. Is that all? It's life-size and an exact reproduction of his sister. You can't call that artwork! No one can judge that. Kiyoto-san had an eccentric affection for his sister, Asuka-san. He wanted to turn his sister's face into his own artwork as it is. I think that's why he took the head. If that's the case, he would have taken the whole body. He avoided taking the whole body, because transporting it would've been too noticeable. Then, why did he call Asuka-san to the public hall? Because there was this festival going on... Wouldn't he be able to achieve his goal much safer and more reliably if he called her to his workshop? Are you still suspecting Terabayashi-san? 'The corpse without the head and the culprit existed inside the same room' right? I don't have a clue. It's just too unreasonable for anyone to kill her in that spot and take the head only. So the true objective of the culprit might not have been Asuka-san's head. I feel that way too. What do you mean by that? I can't find the right words, but I'm certain we've only seen a part of the whole thing. Are you saying, more incidents could still happen? Sohei-kun, I'm here! Thank you for dinner yesterday. Yeah. [Gido Setsuko] Oh... Did I interrupt something? Professor Saikawa, I'm going to investigate by myself. Good-bye! Nishinosono-san! Nishinosono-san! Nishinosono-san? What is it? [Hamanaka Fukashi] Here's a love letter for you. Huh? Not from me, of course. It's from your good-looking boyfriend. My boyfriend? Some super good-looking guy came this morning and asked me to pass this to you. By any chance, was that person--? Someone named Tsutsumi Kiyoto. Did you know? The earth is actually not round at all. The view clipped in square-shape is your blind spot. Do you see a large castle up on the hill? It has a big gate at the front and a pointy hat on its head. Keep going straight while seeing the church on your right hand side and two roads will eventually become one. Go even further, and you'll see a big warehouse beyond the field. Right next to it, can you find a shack standing, almost hidden from sight? In either one of those two places, there lies Asuka's head. And the guy who cut off her head is still standing next to it. You want to know why he's there? Because it's insurance. Good-bye. What's wrong? Hello? Hello, is this Nishinosono-san? Yes. Um, this is Terabayashi. I met you at the hospital. Oh, Terabayashi-san. What can I do for you? I must confess, I've just slipped out from my hospital room. What? [Ukai Daisuke - Detective of the Kanagawa Prefectural Police] - What on earth is going on here? - It appears that he eluded the watch guard and escaped through the window. - The window? - Yes. He climbed down the drain pipe to the ground. - You mean this? - Yes! - From here? - Yes! Hey, have you found him yet? Why did you do that? The police will be even more suspicious of you. There's something I need to check out. I'm sorry for asking you such an unreasonable favor. Tell me why you slipped out from the hospital. I don't intend to cause you any more trouble. I just need the cab fare. Will you please lend me 5,000 yen? I'll be sure to pay you back. Where are you going? Please tell me. I'm not going to lend you money, otherwise. To Kiyoto-kun's place. Eh? Why? Kiyoto-kun brought me a copy of a modelers magazine this morning. A police officer received and handed it to me, but... this. When I die, please paint me in a gradation from blue metallic to emerald green. I know who that guy is. And that guy knows that I know. Kiyoto-kun may know who the culprit is. This is similar to the letter I got from him. Did you get a letter too? He said it was insurance. He must have left us the message, in case anything should happen to him. You mean, his life is being threatened by someone? Let's go. What was that just now? They said I could get in for free, so I joined the Earth Defense Force. Hmm. Now you're a member of the Earth Defense Force too! Bling-bling! Here you go. [Notice: Yokohama Modelers Festival has been canceled due to various circumstances.] Hello, Yasutomo-san? Moe-chan? The police just called me and said Terabayashi-kun ran away. Is that so? I thought you might possibly know where he went. No, I have no idea. Moe-chan, I'm not from the police, you know? I'm just worried about Terabayashi-kun. And of course, you too. I'm sorry! He's actually with me right now. Hello. The fact is Kiyoto-kun contacted me... What made you want to see these character figures all of a sudden? Hmm. I wonder how much pieces of work like these are worth? Since these pieces on display are the originals by the first-class modelers I think each figure should probably be worth over 500,000 yen. Having said that, I've only just done the research right before my interview. I see. The archetype of the original figure is very valuable because that's the only one in the world. Once you construct a female mold, you can produce the same thing as much as you want. A female mold? Yeah, the mold constructed by dipping the original piece into silicon to harden it into a hollowed state, is called a female mold. You pour synthetic resin into that mold then you get the exact same character figure. Female produces male, you know? I see. Moe-chan! Terabayashi-kun! What are you doing? I've been worried to death! I'm so sorry. I was just worried about Kiyoto-kun. Once I get to see him, I'll go back to the hospital. I've been calling Kiyoto-kun for a while, but he doesn't answer at all. Let's go. Kyoto-kun! Kiyoto-kun, are you here? Huh? What's this? This is wild, I must say. Kiyoto-kun, it's me. It's Terabayashi. Terabayashi-kun, it's okay. I bet Kiyoto-kun wants us to see this. Why don't we just relax and enjoy it? Ladies and gentlemen of the audience, the show is about to begin! Kiyoto-kun, that's enough! I just want to talk to you! The fun part has just begun! Here comes the rockets! - They'll mess up your clothes. - What? You must see this, even your clothes get ruined! Huh? What? This isn't water! It's alcohol! You've got to be kidding! Kiyoto-kun! - Kiyoto-san! - Moe-chan! It's dangerous! - But Kiyoto-san's in there! - Okay, okay! I'll go and get him! You wait outside, Moe-chan! - Hey, Moe-chan! - Nishinosono-san! Moe-chan, get back here! Professor Kita! Kiyoto-san? You'd better not touch. We have to get out of here now! - Moe-chan, Kita-kun! Hurry up! - Let's go. But... We can't carry him out! Now go! Moe-chan! Kita-kun! [The Perfect Insider] [Episode 8] Subtitles by DramaFever I'm authorized to go inside. Nishinosono-kun! You're so late, Saikawa-kun! What happened here? After arriving at Kiyoto-kun's workshop, we were watching his art performance then the fire broke out and got us in big trouble! Professor Kita saved my life. Where's Kita? Sorry, Sohei. I've already taken all the delicious parts. Your sense of taste is incomprehensible to me. You're such a... We'll go to the hospital, then. I told you not to say 'we!' People may misunderstand! Please go. Tsutsumi Kiyoto-san is dead. He was electrocuted to death in the bathtub. Yes, I'll send it over to forensics right away. Katagiri-san. Nishinosono-san and Professor Saikawa. What's the matter? At Tsutsumi Kiyoto's workshop his sister, Asuka-san's head has been discovered. What? This means Tsutsumi Kiyoto killed his sister, and committed suicide along with her head. I've got to get going! It turned out exactly as his letter said. What do you mean by that? I received this letter from Kiyoto-san earlier. It was insurance in case something happened. Kiyoto-san knew who the real culprit was. That's why he was killed. It wasn't Kiyoto-san. The real culprit brought Asuka-san's head and incriminated Kiyoto-san by killing him and disguising it as a suicide. Then why did the culprit start the fire? Eh? Bringing the head, electrocuting Kiyoto-san, and disguising it as a suicide should be enough. The fire could have burnt out his body and her head completely even after taking all the trouble to prepare them. You're right. And also, after having taken so many irrational actions up to this point do you think the culprit would do something supplementary like imitative deception? Then what do you think is going on? I don't have the answer. But there is one thing I know for sure. That is, the logical approach is totally meaningless for this opponent. [Keihin Institute of Technology] Nishinosono-san! Terabayashi-san, what are you doing here? I was discharged from the hospital today. You scared me! I thought you slipped out again. I got scolded pretty badly for slipping out. But the police's interest has shifted completely to Kiyoto-kun and they finally let me go. I've also been questioned by the police about yesterday up until now. Now, what are you doing at our university? I came to see Professor Kawashima, but he was out of his office. To see Professor Kawashima? I still think... Professor Kawashima is the most suspicious person in Kamikura Yuko-san's incident. Are you saying, Professor Kawashima killed Kamikura-san? Professor Kawashima has a motive and also knew about the situation of the keys for the laboratory. Terabayashi-san, would you happen to have any ideas about Professor Kawashima? Come to think of it... he has a hobby room rented in the apartment near Kiyoto-kun's workshop. Do you know where it is? Yes, I've been there once before. Please take me there! Well, but... Terabayashi-san... I just can't convince myself that Kiyoto-san was the culprit. I feel the same way. Then, why don't we find the answer together? Please say yes! Good afternoon. Wow, are you... - female? - Excuse me, but are you male? I'm Daigobo. Nice to meet you. A cousin of Moe-chan and also a classmate of Saikawa Sohei from junior high school. But what do you think his true identity is? I'm starving. Will you hurry up and take out the gift you got there? Um, should I prepare some tea for everyone? - Oh, you have such a cute face! - Um, not really... Was Kita alright? Yeah, he's hospitalized for examination just in case but I think he'll be released by tomorrow. Aren't you his best friend? Why don't you go visit him? That's pretty low on my priority list. No, it's not even an option at this point. You haven't changed a bit. As for me, I've been summoned by the police and asked about every little detail on yesterday's incident since this morning. Did you bring it? Here's what you were looking for. Room 104, all the way at the end. This is it. I don't think that's a good idea. Is this some kind of religious ceremony? Oh no, that's the trouble with people who can't appreciate art. More importantly, will you stop eating with your fingers? This is more reasonable, since fewer dishes need to be washed. Oh, didn't something just flash now? Really? Something flashed in white! There it goes again! Ow! Yes. What kind of condition was Kiyoto-san in? - Shut up! - He was discovered naked in the bathtub with his whole body painted completely in white for some reason. A model. Two locked-rooms and two corpses. Merely a doll. Why the head? Perfect body shape. Unreasonable. Murder prop. Electrocuted to death. The corpse was painted in white. Male is produced by female. This is totally incomprehensible to me. Doesn't this person fear anything at all? You have no choice but to accept. - This proposition has been proved. - This proposition has been proved. Saikawa-kun, are you alright? What's got into you, with such a fierce look all of a sudden? Hey, Saikawa-kun! [From: Nishinosono Moe] [I'm here at the apartment near the scene of the fire with Terabayashi-san.] This is a kit for a character figure. So Professor Kawashima is also into character figures? That's Kiyoto-kun. Isn't it beautiful? I must confess... this is my hobby room. [To: Terabayashi Koji] Nishinosono-kun! Stop! Who are you? My name is Saikawa, her instructor in charge. It's good to meet you at last, Terabayashi-san. I don't want to be rushed during the finishing steps. That'll ruin everything. But... depending on your actions, I may kill her immediately. What are you planning to do now? What am I planning? It's obvious, isn't it? What are you planning to do after you finish that? That was my question. I'm glad. You're someone who can think properly. Stand back. It's no fun to do it while she's asleep. Don't make me push this switch, Professor Saikawa. There's no place for you to run away anymore. You're going to ruin your life if you do that. Ruin my life? Does it mean I can leave this incredibly inconvenient and boring society? It means that your life will be even more inconvenient and you won't be able to build your favorite models anymore-- I don't live my life influenced by such petty things. I've had enough already. The fun part is over. Why did you cut off the head of Tsutsumi Asuka-san? Why do you think I did? It was a dry run before Kiyoto-san. What a surprise! I'm so glad. Your true objective was Tsutsumi Kiyoto-san from the beginning, wasn't it? I just wanted to create his mold. This female mold with such a beautiful and perfect shape. And you practiced constructing a female mold with Asuka-san's head. Yes. It was a little disappointing that a part of her head had been caved in but it turned out to be significant practice for me in terms of mold making. Why only the head? Because it was easier to transport? That's not true. Silicon is a very expensive material. To make a mold of the whole human body, it'll cost one million yen just for the material. I see. By the way... did the real thing go all right? Yes, I'm very satisfied with the result. You constructed the mold after electrocuting him to death. Exactly. Since I couldn't possibly have any scratches on the original. I wanted to make the perfect mold from the condition of being dead without defects. Kiyoto-san didn't resist? No, not at all. Just as I thought. I knew Terabayashi-san would understand. Kiyoto-kun. I've been noticing the way you look at me from before. You want this shape, don't you? Beautiful... Asuka is no longer here. The ultimate shape for me has already been destroyed. Just do as you like. Okay. Kiyoto-san had already made up his mind. Was it because he was disappointed about his sister's death and gave up all hope? It wasn't the matter of life. For Kiyoto-kun, Asuku-san was the ultimate shape. But her head had been broken off. Do you understand? He was in despair because his sister's shape got destroyed. But it was different for me. I was able to leave my ultimate shape as a female mold in this world. The main reason you set fire to the workshop was to destroy the archetype called Tsutsumi Kiyoto-san, wasn't it? So you understand that. Once Kiyoto-kun is gone, my female mold becomes the only one in this world. Kiyoto-kun becomes mine, and mine only. Oh, I'm so happy! You must be the same. You just want to dedicate yourself to what you like to do. Don't you get the urge like that sometimes? I understand your virtue as a modeler. But killing Nishinosono-kun is too far apart from that virtue, isn't it? That may be true. But... I happened to explore a new genre when I killed Kamikura-san. I realized there was passing beauty which could be observed only at the moment of life becoming death. But it has nothing to do with the virtue of a modeler. It's the same. What a modeler pursues is the process of crossing over a border. The process of building a model kit. The process where life becomes death. The process of changing shapes, or changing history. Everyone just wants to see those moments. The reason for war is the same. Think about it. Territory, resources, and religion. They're all merely make-believe theories. Everyone gets peace of mind by analyzing and categorizing things. But that's not it. Not petty desires like that. Man just wants to see the process of transition-- Yes, yes, yes. That's enough. I have no interest in your philosophy. I don't even want to understand it. What I'm facing now is this reality at this exact moment. Are you going to start lecturing me? No, I'm going to propose a specific plan. Would you mind letting it be me, instead of her? Are you willing to die... for her? Yes. Stop it. That's disgusting. I really hate that kind of crap. So stupid. So, it can't be me? No, it can't. You can't possibly satisfy me. Out of the question. If you kill her, I'll be sure to kill you. That's all right with me. I'm all prepared for that. Now, let's just wait for her to regain consciousness together. And that'll be the end. You are crazy. Yes. But no one ever called me crazy before. I can do anything I want in my imagination. I just want to applaud my decisiveness and courage for putting my ideas into practice. We're almost there. Nishinosono-kun! Run! Daigobo. Are you alright? How's Nishinosono-kun? I think she's just unconscious. I'm glad. Good job, Saikawa-kun. I'm a member of the Earth Defense Force, you know? Bling-bling! Here you go, Professor Saikawa. Thanks. Professor Saikawa, thank you very much. Hmm? For what? Oh, I heard! You came running to that apartment, knocked Terabayashi-san over, and rescued me, didn't you? That's different from the actual fact. All I did was have a conversation with Terabayashi-san. It was Daigobo who came running and rescued you. What? That's not romantic at all! What did you talk to Terabayashi-san about? About the virtue of a modeler. In the end, this proposition has been proved. What made you realize Terabayashi-san was the culprit? The remote control unit was the cue, I guess. The remote control unit? When you guys went to Kiyoto-san's workshop Terabayashi-san was controlling the lighting system and the recorded voice of Kiyoto-san using the infrared remote control unit. In the video Daigobo recorded, the lights from the remote control unit had been captured. And it became the one and only evidence. But I don't remember seeing such lights when I was in his workshop. It's not visible to human eyes. The censor on the video camera can detect a little wider range of wavelength. The speech had been already set up as part of Kiyoto-san's art performance? Yes, and Terabayashi-san just used them. Kiyoto-san had been already dead by then. After escaping the hospital, Terabayashi-san went to Kiyoto-san's workshop and killed him. Then he dipped the corpse into silicon and constructed a mold. Kiyoto-san's body was white because he applied a mold release agent at that time. A mold release agent? The chemical used to prevent silicon from sticking to the corpse, allowing you to separate the mold. While the silicon hardened, Terabayashi-san prepared for that art performance. That said, he just switched the liquid in the bottles to alcohol. And he transported the completed silicon mold to his apartment. But why did he call me after that? To kill you, Nishinosono-kun. Eh, why me? Because he liked your shape, I guess. Gross. Terabayashi-san was planning to kill you after taking you to the workshop. And he was going to start that art performance to burn himself to death along with Kiyoto-kun, Asuka-san, Nishinosono-kun and everything else. Then if Professor Kita and Yasutomo-san didn't come... Right, you wouldn't be here now. Did I taste the delicious part again? Professor Kita and Yasutomo-san! Moe-chan, are you alright? Yes. I'll prepare some coffee for you. Since you two saved my life. Thank you, Moe-chan. - Howdy. - Yeah. But I still can't believe Terabayashi-kun was the culprit. I was completely deceived by him too. I wonder why? I really didn't notice anything suspicious from him. There was a distant resemblance between him and Professor Saikawa. It was probably because the whole thing was very natural to him. Natural? He wasn't forcing himself at all. That was just one of his hobbies. He killed three people as a hobby... You're mistaken about one thing. Terabayashi-san didn't kill three people. - What? - Really? You mean, someone else killed Kamikura Yuko-san? It was Terabayashi-san who killed Kamikura-san. He said so himself. But... it wasn't him who killed Tsutsumi Asuka-san at the public hall. Then, who killed Asuka-san? It was Kamikura Yuko-san. - What? - Really? On that night, Kamikura-san called Asuka-san and struck her with the weapon she prepared. But she also attacked someone who happened to be in the hallway at that time. Without knowing it was Terabayashi-san. Kamikura-san thought she killed Terabayashi-san. But in order to feign calm she went back to the laboratory, washed the weapon in the sink and pretended to wait for Terabayashi-san. And that's why the bloodstains of Asuka-san were detected from the sink in the laboratory. Terabayashi-san happened to be struck in the dark and Asuka-san happened to be dead near him when he woke up. Then, who cut off Asuka-san's head? That was Terabayashi-san. Asuka-san! When he saw Asuka-san's corpse, he got the urge to cut off her head. Why? Because he wanted to practice constructing a mold with Asuka-san's head. - A mold? - Practice? But Terabayashi-san remembered that he was supposed to meet Kamikura-san. So he decided to make an appearance at the laboratory. Since he might not be able to get the head if Kamikura-san started to look for him. Now, what do you think happened then? Of course, Kamikura-san must have been really surprised. She might have thought he was a ghost. Yeah, and he realized it when he saw her reaction. The fact that it was Kamikura Yuko who attacked him and Asuka-san. Then, Terabayashi-san killed Kamikura-san for revenge? Not really. He desperately wanted to get Asuka-san's head. That's all. It was just because Kamikura-san got in the way. Killing her just for that reason... It's crazy! I agree. But he has a brilliant mind. After killing Kamikura-san, he came up with a plan, which was seemingly reckless. That was to lay himself down at the scene of the murder. First, he locked the laboratory's door and left it there for the very simple purpose of delaying the discovery of Kamikura-san's corpse. Then, he cut off Asuka-san's head and took it back to his apartment to construct a mold with silicon. After finishing his work Terabayashi-san parked his car in the parking lot of Keihin Institute of Technology and went to the public hall on foot from there. After returning to the waiting room at the public hall he locked the door from inside and went to sleep next to Asuka-san's corpse. Good and sound. Unbelievable. There's no way to explain it with the behavior pattern of a normal person. It was the strategy which only a fearless person like him could use. In fact, that unreasonable action turned out to hide the truth, to the contrary. But why did Kamikura-san kill Asuka-san? Maybe she misunderstood the relations between Terabayashi-san and Asuka-san and got jealous or something like that... We can only speculate about it at this point. Jealousy? That's all? Oh, jealousy drives people mad, you know? Haven't you experienced that before, Moe-chan? I don't... [Nishinosono Shosuke - Chief of the Kanagawa Prefectural Police, Moe's Uncle] I'm sorry, Uncle Shosuke. I made you worry again. I've read Terabayashi's statement. Eh? This is not the kind of information we can make available for general public but I'll tell you anyway since Professor Saikawa would never tell you himself. Apparently, Professor Saikawa told Terabayashi that he would give up his life in order to save you. I believe that you're someone irreplaceable to Professor Saikawa. As he is to you. Moe, you're really loved by so many people, aren't you? But you must become aware that you're also causing great worry and anxiety for them too. Oh, Nishinosono-san! Good timing. I just gave my souvenir to Sohei-kun. Please have some geppei with him. Are you leaving already? He has guests in his office and I was just in the area anyway. Well, then. Excuse me? Are you... Professor Saikawa's girlfriend? I'm already married. Huh? Then, you're having an affair? Sohei-kun is my real brother. Huh? Please look after Sohei-kun for me, Nishinosono-san. Yes, and thank you very much! Professor Saikawa! Let go of me! Wow, making significant progress now? I'm jealous! Should we make some progress too? Don't say 'we!' People may really misunderstand! What goes on inside your brain? It's beyond my comprehension. I finally solved the problem I've been troubled with for a long time. What is it? It's a secret. What's the secret? What? The secret? The view clipped in square-shape is the blind spot. Keep going straight while seeing the church on your right hand side and you'll see a big warehouse beyond the field. Right next to it, can you find a shack standing, almost hidden from sight? In either one of those two places, there lies Asuka's head. And the guy who cut off her head is still standing next to it. You want to know why he's still there? [Our town, donated by Isogo High Modelers Club] Because it is insurance. [Built by Sakamoto Naoya, Shimizu Yoichi, Tsutsumi Kiyoto] Good-bye. Professor Saikawa! - Please. - Thank you. It's so rare that you want to see me in person. I just wanted to check one thing with you, regarding this case. Yes, what is it? I understand you received an email from Moe and went to Terabayashi's apartment. Correct? Yes, that's correct. Moe testified that she never sent such an email. And there was no transmission record, either. I'm just worried about Moe. Ever since losing her parents in that accident Moe seems to have a total lack of emotion towards someone's death. It makes me feel that she doesn't even treasure her own life. Perhaps... I wonder if Moe still has a yearning for death somewhere deep inside. Subtitles by DramaFever It feels like I wandered into the amusement park of a nightmare. Two people have already been murdered. Dr. Magata Shiki must be behind these incidents. You mean, she's hiding somewhere in this Euro Park? I wonder what I'm living for? I always get whatever I want. The president of Nano Craft has been called a second Bill Gates or something like that. I've been wanting to have a word with my fiance. Let's find Dr. Magata, shall we? These two incidents are physically impossible to do. That's the biggest proposition of this case. Moe-chan! Moe-chan! 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 