The Perfect Insider: Season 1, Episode 5 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 The Perfect Insider 
 s1e5 - Episode #1.5 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 The Perfect Insider (2014–…): Season 1, Episode 5 - Episode #1.5 - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 [Magata Michiyo - Shiki's mother] [Magata Sachiro - Shiki's father] [Magata Shiki (Age 14) Doctor of Engineering] [Shindo Seiji - Shiki's uncle] The two people murdered were Magata Sachiro-san, a doctor of engineering and his wife Michiyo-san, a linguist. Police say that the 14-year-old daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Magata stabbed them with a knife and they are now interrogating her. A 14-year-old daughter, who was arrested for murder was accepted at Princeton University in the United States at age nine and received her PhD at age 11. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 She began her career as the chief engineer of MF Corporation at age 12 and has been known worldwide as a genius programmer-- In the trial of the Mr. and Mrs. Magata murder case the Kanagawa District Court ruled that the daughter, who was 14 years old at the time was in a state of insanity, and found her not guilty. [15 years later] What is 165 multiplied by 3367? Five hundred fifty five thousand... Five hundred fifty five. - Why did you make me do a calculation like that? - I was just testing you. I had the impression that you were good at math. [Magata Shiki - Doctor of Engineering] But the multiplication table for seven is your weak point, isn't it? I don't think it's my weak point at all. [Nishinosono Moe - Third year at Jinnan Univ.] I actually like the number seven. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Of course, because seven is a special number. Out of all the numbers, only seven is the lonely number. Um... You've been shutting yourself in the basement of this laboratory for the last 15 years. What kind of changes have you experienced so far? You must know that I'm not down here on my own free will. Dr. Magata. Why did you kill your parents? It was a doll. A doll? A doll killed your parents? Who knows? It's already gone away somewhere. What was the motive? I wonder if it just wanted to play outside? That can't be... You and I are the same, aren't we? Excuse me? We both experienced the murder of our parents in front of our eyes. That was an accident. You saw the accident four years ago, didn't you? Yes. Did you cry at the time? Yes. And Professor Saikawa was there with you. Do you know of Professor Saikawa? You're in love with Professor Saikawa, aren't you? Professor Saikawa was one of the students that belonged to my father's laboratory. I've known him since I was a child. He's extremely smart, with lots of flexible ideas. I think he's worthy of being honored. You're not answering my question. The answer is... 'Yes.' Professor Saikawa suggested to you to see me, didn't he? No, I decided it on my own. I was just curious about what kind of person Dr. Magata Shiki was and that's why I came here. You're such an honest person. Very well. Only 13 seconds are left in your visiting hours, but I'll allow you to ask a few more questions. Who on earth... are you? Now that's a surprise! That's how sharp human thinking can be. That question flashed across your mind just now, didn't it? Fantastic. Machines can't do such a thing. Artificial intelligence would never be able to come up with a question like, 'Who are you?' Well... I am... Magata Shiki. Nishinosono Moe-san. It was a great pleasure meeting you. Please wait! Dr. Magata. Will I ever see you again? If I don't lose my interest in you... possibly. When? When everything becomes 'F.' 'F.' I wonder if Dr. Magata Shiki is really on the other side of that door? After the trial, she's never been outside for 15 years, not even once. I'd like to meet her too if I could. Dr. Magata Shiki... the best brain in the world. But you're almost there. What? Look, it's becoming visible. But I can't believe that we're really allowed to use the island where the Magata Laboratory is located for our seminar trip. I told you already! A friend of my aunt's friend is the director of the Magata Laboratory. - Yeah, right. - Oh, if it's just the two of us - they'll let us take a tour of the laboratory. - Shh! Shh! That island is private property of the Magata family and there's just the laboratory. Since there's no regular boat service you can't even go on shore without getting permission from the laboratory. She still administers every development project as the brain of the laboratory. I heard that even the Department of Defense of the United States is one of their clients. There she is, in the basement of the laboratory... Will you ask for Dr. Magata's autograph if you get to meet her? If I'm lucky enough to get such a thing, I'll donate it to the Smithsonian Institution. Are you alright? Not good. Professor Saikawa! Are you alright? Great! Awww! [Hamanaka Fukashi - M2 in Architecture] Now that we're camping on an island, we won't be able to study anymore, right Professor? Professor? Huh? Oh, Professor Saikawa has gone to visit the laboratory with Nishinosono-san. What? You need to tell me things like that sooner, since I'm the seminar leader-- Huh? Cell phones don't work here! [Network unavailable] Shoot, he's right! Ouch! [Kunieda Momoko - Research Associate of Jinnan University, Dept. of Architecture] Carry those bags. Sorry. Professor Saikawa, are you alright? Yeah. This seems like a prison on a solitary island, doesn't it? I see. They're locking up a genius in the basement so that they can use her brain exclusively. - Let's go. - Yes. [The Perfect Insider] [Episode 5] Subtitles by DramaFever [Shimada Fumiko - Chief Programmer of the Magata Laboratory] [Dr. Magata, is everything alright?] No good. I've sent her many messages, but I still haven't gotten any response. [Yamane Yukihiro - Deputy Director] Dr. Magata, can you hear me? Doctor? [Mochizuki Toshiki - Surveillance Agent] Do you think something has happened? Like she's come down with a sudden illness? [Hasebe Satoshi - Surveillance Agent] Hasebe-kun, try the door. Still no good. It won't open. This is bad. I can't get a hold of the director either. There are visitors at the front gate. At a time like this... Yes. My name is Nishinosono and I have an appointment for a laboratory tour today. Is Director Shindo here? I'm coming down right now, so please wait in the lobby. - Do you think they have motion sickness medicine? - Thank you for waiting. Please enter. Please put your right hand on the touch panel and say your name. Nishinosono Moe. Amazing! Yeah. Saikawa Sohei. I've registered Ms. Nishinosono Moe and Mr. Saikawa Sohei as guests. I wonder how many researchers are here? I heard about 50 people. They all shut themselves in each room and do their own research. Thank you for waiting. I'm Yamane, the deputy director here. I'm Saikawa of Jinnan University. I'm Nishinosono. Where's Director Shindo? Unfortunately, he's out of the office for the moment. But he did tell me about you two coming. Please come this way. Thank you. Deborah, call everyone who's awake. Pick out some staff who can show the guests around. I understand. Who's Deborah? That's the computer system which manages everything in this laboratory. Wow. What's that? That's a transport robot called P1. If you tell Deborah, it'll carry the parcels to the designated place. - Really? - I see. And your staff can concentrate on their work, without seeing anyone. Yes, everybody can communicate with each other by email or video calls and all meetings are held online using those. Wow, you have meetings in the virtual space. I think I may feel suffocated. That's how the workplace should be. I'd like our university to learn from here, instead of wasting time with useless meetings. - Huh? - Huh? Excuse me. What's wrong? Deputy Director, we have a problem! It's an emergency call from Dr. Magata! What? I'm on my way! Deputy Director! Hasebe-kun, how about the door? No, it still won't open! Shimada-san, call Mrs. Shindo. And Dr. Yuminaga, too. I've already called them. What's the matter? An emergency call from Dr. Magata! But the door won't open because of a system error from an unknown cause. - What? - We have to break the door to get in. That's impossible. Did you contact the director? I've been trying, but I can't get a hold of him. What should we do? - There's no time to wait for the director's permission! - Give me a minute, please! - This is an emergency situation! - Mrs. Shindo! What happened? I don't know. The door is opening! - Is it fixed? - No, I didn't do anything. It's opening by itself! Deborah! Check the lighting system! I recognize some error. A wedding dress? Dr. Magata? Shiki-san, it's me. Are you alright? Dr. Magata, what's wrong? No! Shiki-san, you can't come out! Shiki-san! Unexpected error detected... Unexpected error detected... Shiki... Shiki-san... Unexpected error detected... Unexpected error detected... Someone, stop it! She's riding on the P1! Deborah, stop the P1! Reboot! Emergency reset! I'm going to force reboot the entire system. What happened? It's Dr. Magata. What? Dr. Magata? [Yuminaga Tomihiko - Industrial Physician of the Magata Laboratory] She's dead! What exactly happened here? Dr. Magata came out of the room, riding on the P1... What's this? Reboot was completed successfully. Hey! Shut the door to Dr. Magata's room! Hurry up! Yes! Dr. Yuminaga, what's the matter? Dr. Magata has been murdered. Her arms and legs have been amputated from her corpse. Then, the culprit is... The culprit is still in there. What's taking Professor Saikawa and Nishinosono-san so long? You're right. You see? It's so obvious that those two have been dating! They are always together and-- Ouch! Keep your hands moving! Sorry. I can't believe Dr. Magata Shiki is dead! How could this happen? Yamane-san, I'm going to have Mrs. Shindo rest in her room. Oh, yes. Who is that? She's Director Shindo's wife. I met her when I came here last time. Let's call the police anyway. Huh? Shimada-san, is your phone working? How about email? Email isn't working either. I can't even access the internet! Hasebe-kun, check the equipment. Yes. Huh? There's nothing wrong with the communication system and cables! All communication within the laboratory is normal. What's the matter? We can't contact outside of the laboratory. Neither by email or telephone. What should we do? We can't even contact the police! Hasebe, calm down! Can't you figure out the cause? I think it's some failure in Deborah's communication system, but... Why is this happening? Is it possible that someone intentionally cut off the communication system? No, that's impossible. It was Dr. Magata who developed Deborah. It's perfectly secure. There's no way to intrude from outside. How about someone inside? What? For example... one of your staff members might have planted a computer virus. Computer virus? I'm talking about a Trojan horse. It looks like normal software but after a certain incubation period, it suddenly starts a destructive action one day. That's a possibility. Hey, wait a minute! That means... someone from this laboratory did this? We'd better hurry up and call the police! I said, calm down! There's no other way to contact outside? Oh. The helicopter. The director's helicopter has a radio transceiver. That's right! Once the director is back, we can contact outside. Where did the director go? He went to pick up Dr. Magata's sister. Dr. Magata had a sister? If I remember correctly, doesn't she live in the United States? Yes, but the director heard that she came to Japan unexpectedly so he took his helicopter. By the way, who are you two? Oh, they are Professor Saikawa of Jinnan University and Nishinosono-san. Director Shindo's guests. May I ask a question? What is it? When was the last time you had contact with Dr. Magata? A week ago. It's been a week? Was there something wrong? Dr. Magata was on her regular vacation. Regular vacation? She cuts off her communication with us completely, even mail and phone calls. Does that happen quite often? Yes, it's a seasonal event. And to take care of lots of unattended matters it's been customary to schedule a meeting at 8:00 a.m. on the day after her vacation. We have a meeting with Dr. Magata in the virtual space using these. But we've been worried because she didn't answer our call this morning and then, it turned out like that... Has anyone entered this room recently? Of course not! That's because Dr. Magata has been refusing to see anyone in person for the last 15 years. What about the possibility of intrusion by the culprit? Impossible. We're monitoring here 24 hours a day. And we keep every video recording of the security cameras too. Any other entryway to the room? No, this is it. Then... I wonder when and how the culprit went inside the room? It seems like we got ourselves involved in a horrible situation. This is a great loss for mankind. Why do you think the culprit amputated Dr. Magata's arms and legs? I'm Saikawa of Jinnan University. My name is Nishinosono. You must be the director's guests. I'm Yuminaga, the industrial physician of this laboratory. Dr. Yuminaga. How long has it been since her death? Probably two to three days, I assume. Then it did happen during her vacation... Dr. Yuminaga, is there a loading capacity limit set for the P1 robot? I think it's 30 kilograms. I got it! To reduce the corpse's weight... What? Do you know how much Dr. Magata weighs? Yes, Dr. Magata has been sending her physical data to me for health care. She weighs about 42 kilograms or so. Then, it'll fall within 30 kilograms. Wait a minute. Are you saying the culprit amputated her arms and legs, in order to put the corpse on the P1 robot? - Yes. - Just a hypothesis for now. But it's a step forward, isn't it? No, we're not getting anywhere yet. Listen, Nishinosono-kun. The reason for amputating her arms and legs is not really important. What's important here is the fact that a murder took place in the room where Dr. Magata was supposed to be alone. There was someone other than Dr. Magata in that room. That's the biggest proposition of this case. What's this sound? The director's helicopter has just landed. Are you going to call the police using the radio transceiver on the helicopter? - Yes. - I'll come with you. What? My uncle is the chief of the Prefectural Police. Director Shindo! Please call the police on your radio transceiver! Dr. Magata has been murdered! Dr. Magata has been murdered? We can't use the telephones due to Deborah's system trouble! What's going on? We don't really know. Anyway, could you please contact the police on your radio first? I understand. Excuse me, I'm Nishinosono. Please let the police know I'm here. They'll know if you mention my name. If I can't get a good signal here, I'll take off one more time. Go ahead and take Miki-san downstairs. [Magata Miki - Shiki's sister] Dr. Yuminaga. Perfect timing. Mrs. Shindo told me to take Miki-san to the guest room. How did it go? The director is calling the police right now. Can I bother you for a minute? No one entered that room in a week during her vacation. Of course not. Do you have the drawing of this laboratory? What? Oh, yes. I've already told you there's no other entryway. That room is sealed up so solid that it could function as a nuclear shelter. What do you do when you need to bring in a large parcel? We bring it through the yellow door and call Dr. Magata and ask her to pick it up inside. We check everything thoroughly like this, so not even a mouse can go inside. How do you open and close that door? The yellow door can be operated only from this room. A closely-guarded door and 24-hour surveillance. This is very much like a prison, isn't it? Oh, how about small parcels? The mailbox over there. How big is it? 250 x 250 x 350 centimeters. 21,875 square centimeters, isn't it? Wow. Did you just calculate that? I don't think a human will fit in there. How long is this video recording kept? Forever. We have every video recording on file for the last 15 years. Are you sure that there hasn't been anyone inside Dr. Magata's room? Director Shindo went inside several times to check on her right after the trial. But nobody went inside after that for the last 15 years. I see. I'm starting to get reports from the staff saying that external email is down. What should I do? Let's tell them we found some error in the communication system and it's being repaired right now. What about Dr. Magata's matter? How could I tell them about it without the director's permission? It'll cause panic. Did you already verify the locations of the other staff? Yes, everyone is in their rooms. Deborah keeps records of the opening and closing of each and every room so there's no mistake about it. Something is wrong, isn't it? Yeah. Yamane-san. There's no other way to enter the laboratory from the roof without using this elevator, right? You're right, but why? It's been over 30 minutes since Director Shindo arrived but the elevator hasn't moved even once. Director! What's the matter, Director? Honey? Mrs. Shindo. Mrs. Shindo! Honey! H... Honey... Professor Saikawa and Nishinosono-san haven't come back yet. Do you think something happened to them? I couldn't care less about Professor Saikawa but we've got only men here without Nishinosono-san, you kn-- Another beer for Ms. Kunieda Momoko, please! How's Yumiko-san doing? I've just prescribed her some tranquilizers. What's happening here? Now the director has been murdered too! Director Shindo was a brother of Dr. Magata Sachiro, Dr. Magata's father, wasn't he? Yes. The director used to be a doctor. After graduating from medical school he married into the Shindo family, who own several hospitals but Dr. Sachiro asked him to work here. And then he became the director here after the incident 15 years ago. Who killed the director? Deborah? Was there anyone who left the laboratory within this past week? Shindo Seiji. Can that information be trusted? Yes. Deborah is closely monitoring the flow of people in order to prevent information from leaking. So, there's no mistake about it. In that case, no one left the laboratory ever since Dr. Magata's regular vacation. That means, the culprit is in this building. Of course, that's true. That's because we've locked up the culprit on the other side of this door! But then, who killed the director on the roof? I wonder if there are two murderers in this laboratory-- Please stop it! The radio transceiver on the helicopter was destroyed. Since the police haven't arrived even after waiting this long I don't think the radio call went through. Isn't there something we can do? Unless Deborah's communication system is recovered, we can't do anything! I can't fix it when we don't even know what's causing this problem. When is the next boat scheduled to come? None. It won't come unless we call for it. How about the return boat for your party? It comes in three days. Three more days? What will happen to us? Oh! I've just solved the problem! What is it, all of a sudden? It's the same culprit. That person came out of this room and killed Director Shindo on the roof. How? When Dr. Magata's corpse came out... we all went out to the hallway, chasing after the P1 robot. And then... Emergency reset! I will force reboot the entire system. Deborah stopped functioning momentarily, due to the force reboot. While we were being distracted by the corpse and Deborah wasn't functioning the culprit took the opportunity and got into the elevator. This way, he or she wouldn't be captured in the video recording of the security camera. Then, the culprit lurked on the roof and after we had taken Miki-san in... he or she stabbed Director Shindo to death. That's all. What do you think? That's not possible. Huh? Why not? Only these video cameras are isolated from Deborah's system for security reasons. So the video recording continues even when Deborah stops functioning. It appears that no one came out of the room. I thought I was on the right track. What should we do? There's only one answer to that question. Let's go inside there. Huh? - What are you saying? - It's dangerous in there! He's right! No one's ever been in that room for 15 years, you know? Shouldn't we wait for the police? Yamane-san, the decision is... yours. I understand. Let's check inside. Are you ready? I'm going to open the door now. Shimada-san, check it out. This is the last place to check. Yes. Hey, there's nobody here. I thought Dr. Magata was killed in this room... Not even a bloodstain was left. The culprit must have cleaned up afterwards. Cleaned up? But... what about her arms and legs? Probably, through here. Dust chute! Then they've already been incinerated. Please come here! What's wrong? Take a look at this! It's version six of Deborah! Huh? Don't make a big fuss over something like that! But this is version six! And processing speed has been remarkably improved. That's not important right now! Dr. Magata must have finished it without us knowing. But why didn't she put it to use? Which version are you using in the laboratory? It's version four of Deborah. What happened to version five? Forget that for now! Don't you have something else? All other files have been completely erased, except this one for some reason. Calendar? Look. There's something scheduled on today's date. What does it say? [Everything becomes 'F.'] [Everything becomes 'F.'] Everything... becomes 'F.' What does it mean? I don't know. Come to think of it, when I met Dr. Magata... Dr. Magata. Will I ever see you again? If I don't lose my interest in you... possibly. When? When everything becomes 'F.' [Everything becomes 'F.'] Everything becomes 'F.' Who gave you permission to enter this room? Mrs. Shindo! We really needed to check out this room-- Will you stop taking liberties in here? I'm sorry. What was that? Something is in there! Oh? Who is it? That can't be... That's the voice of Shiki-san! No way! What's going on? Are you... Dr. Magata Shiki? Dr. Magata Shiki? Who are you? I'm... Michiru. Michiru? Mrs. Shindo? Please open the door! - Please! - Stop! Don't open it! Don't open it, please... [Everything becomes 'F.'] Subtitles by DramaFever Who are you? Can you please keep quiet about Dr. Magata Shiki being murdered? I just wanted to play outside like this. So you're not Dr. Magata Shiki, are you? Didn't I promise you that we would see each other again? Who is Michiru? How did the culprit go in and come out of that room? What are you saying? You understand Magata Shiki better than anyone else. What's wrong? We must find that answer. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 