The Perfect Insider: Season 1, Episode 3 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 The Perfect Insider 
 s1e3 - Episode #1.3 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 The Perfect Insider (2014–…): Season 1, Episode 3 - Episode #1.3 - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 That incident occurred 50 years ago. [1964] The average temperature on that day was 9.6 degrees Celsius. According to records, it was a very cold day. Dad! Dad! [Kayama Rinsui - Son of Kayama Fusai] The head of the family, Kayama Fusai, secluded himself in the warehouse for days. So, the family members got worried and called the police. The warehouse was locked with a bolt from the inside and couldn't be opened. Any other entrances? Not a single window. It was a perfectly locked-room. One of the police officers who rushed over to the house, broke the door with an axe. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 The people who went inside with the police officers were Mr. Rinsui, the son of Mr. Fusai his wife, Fumi-san and a servant named Yoshimura. They said that the corpse looked as if he was slightly smiling. [Kayama Fusai - The head of the Kayama family] The cause of death? Stabbed in the chest with a sharp object. And the weapon? It was never found. Instead, there were some things which caught everyone's eyes that were left at the crime scene. The family treasures of the house, a pot and a box. 'The Gourd of Heaven and Earth' and 'The Box of Selflessness.' 'The Gourd of Heaven and Earth' had bloodstains. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 What about the box? Nothing at all. And when one of the police officers tried to check on the box Mr. Rinsui suddenly said... You must not open it! You must never... open it. 'You must not open it.' What did he mean by that? Those were the words Mr. Fusai gave his son, a few days before his death. He said, 'You must never open that box.' A vase and a box... There's a key to open the box inside the vase. But the opening is too narrow to take out the key. I see. Even in such a mysterious situation, the police at the time determined that it was suicide. Don't you think that's wrong? What makes you think so? Because it's unnatural that there was no weapon if it was suicide. But the culprit couldn't escape outside even if it was murder. That's unnatural as well. That's true. Suicide or murder... Either way, this is incomprehensible. I have no interest in a case from half a century ago. The materials to solve the problem are too vague, to begin with. Anyway, this story doesn't really involve me. - You've been involved already. - What? That's the warehouse, where Kayama Fusai passed away. - Did you trick me into coming here--? - No! This is research on the historical building. I didn't lie to you. Indeed. Yes, this estate is a valuable building. But your real interest is... [Kayama Rinsui - The head of the Kayama family] We're from Jinnan University-- Nishinosono-kun. Please excuse us. That was Rinsui-san, who succeeded his father and became a Buddhist painter 50 years ago. He's the head of the Kayama family now. A Buddhist painter... Isn't it quite elegant? The main part of the house was built in 1851, with the Honmune-zukuri style. Those roof top ornaments, 'suzume odoshi', are gorgeous, aren't they? Is your research going well? Yes, thanks to you. Are you going to sell this estate? I feel bad, but it's very difficult to maintain it. [Kayama Takashi - Son of Kayama Rinsui] Even when installing an air conditioner, we have to go through all sorts of procedures. Many troubles like that. [Yoshimura Masuo - Servant of the Kayama family] Go ahead and feel free to take a look at the main part of the house also. And please don't forget to write good things about this house in the academic journal. Yoshimura-san, please show them the way. Please let me know if you need anything at all. - Thank you very much. - Thank you very much. Nishinosono-kun, this transom window... It's so beautiful! Hmm. Well, well, this is very rare... Well, well, well... - What? - Huh? Let's play. You scared me. Hello there. What were you doing? I'm so sorry. - You shouldn't interrupt their work. - Oh no, that's okay. [Kayama Ayao - Wife of Kayama Takashi] Come with me. [Kayama Fumi - Wife of Kayama Rinsui] What's the matter? Nothing. You can't go in there. Why not? Because that's where the family treasures are stored. 'The Gourd of Heaven and Earth' and 'The Box of Selflessness.' How did you know? I read about them on the internet. Is it true that the way to get the key out of the vase has been a mystery for a long time? - Nishinosono-kun. - May we see the vase and the box, please? I'm just a servant and I can't really say. Oh, it doesn't have to be long. I was told that this was for research on the building. Why are you so interested? Um... No, I didn't mean anything serious by it. Um... Well... As a souvenir? No, you may not! We can't show you 'The Gourd of Heaven and Earth' and 'The Box of Selflessness.' Nishinosono-kun, let's go. Excuse us. I'm sorry. [The Perfect Insider] [Episode 3] Subtitles by DramaFever [Nishinosono Shosuke - Chief of the Kanagawa Prefectural Police, Moe's uncle] I heard you met Magata Shiki, Moe. Yes, I did meet her. Do you really understand? Magata Shiki murdered her parents when she was 14 years old. Yes, even though Dr. Magata Shiki didn't admit it herself. Is it true that you killed your parents 15 years ago? It was a doll. A doll? A doll killed your parents? [Magata Shiki - Doctor of Engineering] Who knows? But, it has gone somewhere, I think. Please wait. Dr. Magata... Will I be able to see you again? If I don't lose my interest in you... possibly. When? When everything becomes 'F.' She was a very intriguing person. Should I call it an 'aggressive inquiring mind' of yours? It's exactly like... my brother, you know? But remember this, Moe. A criminal case is different from learning, which is to genuinely seek the truth. Solving a case could become the sword which hurts other people. You must have learned your lesson from the Polar Research Center case. Don't overdo your detective games, okay? Yes. Oh, Professor Saikawa. Didn't the food here suit your taste? It's not that. I'm just not used to a place like this. - Really? - Yes. Oh. I'm sorry for being late. - Professor Saikawa, let me introduce her. - Yes. This is Kayama Marimo-san, Kayama Rinsui-san's daughter and a comic artist. I'm Saikawa of Jinnan University. Nice to meet you. Please have a seat. My wife is fond of paintings by Mr. Kayama Fusai. I've met her through that connection. And so, I asked Marimo-san to put in a good word for us the other day. Thank you very much for letting us look around such a splendid estate. It's not that big of a deal. I apologize, but I have an urgent matter. I'm afraid I must be going now. Marimo-san, I'm really sorry for leaving right after you got here. Please don't be. Professor Saikawa, let me treat you at the restaurant you like next time. Yes. Until then. Since it's on my uncle today anyway why don't we go ahead and have some delicious daytime wine? Shall we? [Kayama Marimo - Comic Artist] Very interesting! There are so many different things in the laboratory of an architecture professor, aren't there? Well... What kind of comic books do you draw? - It's actually rude that you don't know! - What? Marimo-san's comic books have been getting quite a lot of attention among the comic fans. I'm sorry, but I don't really get a chance to read comic books. No, I'm really not that popular. Is this okay? Oh, please. I'm a smoker, too. Did you become a comic artist because of your family's influence? Excuse me? Both your grandfather and father have been Buddhist painters for generations, right? So I thought you might have followed in their footsteps. It's actually the total opposite. Total opposite? As you may already know, Buddhist painting is a kind of art which has already been perfected. The main job of current Buddhist painters is to replicate past work. Suppress yourself earnestly and bring back the Buddha already drawn in the past as it was before. I've always hated the job of a Buddhist painter. It felt nothing but an imitation to me. That's why I left home and became a comic artist. Because I wanted to play fair with my original work, not the replicas. You haven't been back home? Nope. I had a big fight with my father when I left home, so I haven't been back since. And I really don't like that house. Oh? That house has been under the spell of my grandfather's incident all this time. Under the spell? My father took the trouble to make the warehouse my grandfather died in as his workshop. In order to get closer to my grandfather, he shows his respects with every little bit. And my mother still worships my grandfather, as if he were a god. She polishes the vase and the box, which were left near his body, just about every day. A distant relative told me that Yoshimura-san, a servant of the family, used to laugh a lot but he stopped laughing ever since the day of the incident. My brother was supposed to succeed my father but I guess he didn't have a talent for Buddhist painting after all. He sometimes paints some landscapes which don't sell, or goes to some party where celebrities gather... That's where he met his wife, Ayao-san. Even though she came from the city she still manages not to run away from such a house bound by tradition. She's a strange person, in my opinion. Needless to say, my nephew, Yusuke-kun is adorable. You're still curious about the truth of the incident, aren't you? Excuse me? Oh, I'm sorry! That was very presumptuous of me... You may be right. I've been especially curious about the vase and the box since I was a child. I kept wondering how to take out the key. 'You must not open it.' Right? Yes. But that'll just make you want to open it more, won't it? Professor Saikawa will be able to open it. Nishinosono-kun! He can solve the problem for sure. So will you please show us the vase and the box? What are you taking about? You must have had too much wine... - I understand. - What? I'll let them know that Nishinosono-san and Professor Saikawa will come to visit again. - Really? - Well, but I don't think... Let's go, Professor Saikawa! And when you go, I'll come to the house too. What? To tell you the truth, I've been in a slump lately and my comic series has been terminated. This may be a good chance to reconsider my own self. I see. If the mystery of the vase and the box can be solved I may be able to reset all sorts of things, you know? I'm so looking forward to seeing 'The Gourd of Heaven and Earth' and 'The Box of Selflessness.' Are you setting the second hand again? Please don't do things like that while we're on a date! Nishinosono-kun, this really isn't a date. It is up to me how I look at this. Thank you very much for taking care of us again. I've been told. The room has been prepared for you in the annex. Let me show you the way. Let's go. Ms. Marimo is supposed to arrive in about an hour. Please make yourselves comfortable here until dinner is served. - Thank you very much. - Thank you very much. Um... What are these? Oh, they're called futons. I can see that! What I want to know is, why are they set up like this? I went ahead and prepared them because I heard you were spending the night. Spending the night? Yes, thanks to Marimo-san. No, I haven't heard a thing about that-- I'll let you know when Ms. Marimo arrives and dinner is ready. The bath has already been prepared, so whenever you're ready... The... bath? Thank you very much! Nishinosono-kun, I'm going to-- I'm staying. And my car won't go anywhere tonight. But, that's... The train station is pretty far from here, isn't it? I'm going to sleep in the hallway. They must have thought we are lovers, you know? Terrific... You think it's terrific, too? We must have looked like a well-matched couple-- A hanging scroll? Yeah, I don't know anything about the artistic value, but look, Nishinosono-kun. This Buddha is drawn with the perfect silver ratio. The ratio of the length and width of its face is one to the square root of two-- What's wrong? Huh? What? - Huh? - Never mind. Selflessness in Heaven and Earth? Oh! The same as the family treasures! 'The Gourd of Heaven and Earth' and 'The Box of Selflessness.' Yeah. Ears swim and fight in the... That character means the open sea. The eyes are in the field of the constellation... No, I'm totally lost. Please explain it to me, Professor Saikawa. While hearing the uproar of swimming in the turbulent sea I can see myself sitting calmly in the field under the starry sky. It is easy for water, and difficult for fire. And I don't exist in either Heaven or Earth. What does it mean? What I've just said is everything. It's up to the person who receives this message to decide what it means. [Kunieda Momoko - Research Associate of Jinnan University, Dept. of Architecture] I'm sorry to disturb you. [Hamanaka Fukashi - M2 in Architecture] Oh, where's Professor Saikawa? Doing follow-up research on a Japanese house with Nishinosono-san. Again? Don't you think something is going on between those two? What about your master's thesis? Well, I was going to ask Professor Saikawa to check it-- No, it's alright! Here. Marimo should be here by now. Yeah, she's late. - Oh dear, I'll go and get Yusuke. - What's the matter? The anime program Yusuke likes is about to start. Yusuke! Yusuke! Genma Daishogun is about to start! Yusuke! Did you go into the warehouse again? Don't I always tell you not to bother your granddaddy's work? Grandpa isn't there anymore. What? He's not there anymore. Don't lie to me just because you don't want to get scolded! Okay? Oh, no! Did you touch your granddaddy's paint again? Wash your hands outside first and then go inside! Be careful not to get your clothes dirty! Yes. Dad! It's seven o'clock already. Let's have dinner. Marimo is coming home tonight and we also have guests. Are you going to seclude yourself again? I've been telling you that it's not good for your health to skip meals! I'll bring his dinner later. Master, your dinner is here. Master! Marimo-san is running late. 'You must not open it.' Did you figure out something? You said there was no weapon found when Mr. Fusai died in the warehouse 50 years ago. Yes. I wonder if they checked inside 'The Box of Selflessness' left at the scene? Since the key to the box was inside the vase, they couldn't open it. They didn't try to break the vase? It seems that the family members resisted. This is 'The Gourd of Heaven and Earth' and this is 'The Box of Selflessness.' Wow... The police took X-ray pictures of the vase and the box, instead of breaking the vase. And here they are. Look, you can see the key inside the vase. Hmm, but I wonder if this really is the key to open 'The Box of Selflessness'? It does seem to be a match in size. And this is the X-ray picture of 'The Box of Selflessness', but it was empty inside. There was no weapon in the box. Why did Mr. Fusai say in his last words, 'You must not open it', even though it was empty inside? And where did you get these documents? Hmm? I asked Detective Ukai. You took advantage of your uncle's authority again, didn't you? Well, I'm not sure... Oh yes, I'm going to take a bath! Nishinosono-kun! I'm going to warn you as an instructor in charge - you really shouldn't look at police documents-- - Do you want to take a bath with me? Never mind. Go ahead. What happened? Where's Rinsui-san? Dad! Dad! The vase and the box. - Good evening! - Good evening! - Good evening, sir! - Where's the crime scene? That way, sir! Professor Saikawa and Nishinosono-san! What, what, what? How come you two are here? [Katagiri Masato, Ukai Daisuke - Detectives] - We're on a date-- - We happened to be here researching the building. - You happened to be here? - Yes. Really, it's so rare to happen to be present at the crime scene twice. Isn't it? We'll be the first ones to be suspected, under normal circumstances. You'd better believe it. Just hold on a minute, please. I'll call the Chief right away-- No, don't! Keep it a secret from my uncle, please? I got it. Since my father didn't come out of the warehouse by nine o'clock my wife got worried and went to check on him. And the floor was covered with a pool of blood... What time did you see Mr. Rinsui last? Around... 5:00 p.m. I needed to speak to him, so I stopped by at the warehouse. What did you two talk about? Excuse me? I told him to have dinner with us, since Marimo was coming home after such a long time. Who is Marimo-san? My sister. Did anyone else stop by the warehouse after that? Oh, Yusuke. My wife saw my son coming out of the warehouse. Yusuke! What time was it? Around 6:00 p.m. Was there anything unusual about your son? He had red paint on his hand. What? Could it be Rinsui-san's blood? No, I don't think so. My father was still working in the warehouse at 7:00 p.m. Are you going to seclude yourself again? I've been telling you that it's not good for your health to skip meals! He might have already been dead at that point. It was common that he wouldn't answer while he was painting. Well, was there anyone else that visited the warehouse? I brought his snack to the warehouse at 8:00 p.m. as always. Master! There was no answer at that time either, and the door was shut. That means, Mr. Rinsui locked the door from inside and was in the warehouse until 8:00 p.m. And bloodstains were found at 9:00 p.m. Then he was attacked by someone between 8:00 p.m. and 9:00 p.m. and taken away. Dear! I just got a call from the hospital! What happened? Did they find my father? It's... Marimo-san! Is Marimo... Is she alright? She has a disturbance of consciousness from head trauma but nothing abnormal on the head CT and the blood test. It doesn't seem to be life-threatening right now. What happened? She was found lying on the Otowa-bashi Bridge at around 7:00 p.m. when she was rushed here. The Otowa-bashi Bridge? Yes. It's the bridge on the way to our house. Was it an accident? We don't know. Her car was parked on the bridge, without a scratch. Rinsui-san had disappeared, and now Marimo-san... What on earth do you think happened to them? Um... I apologize for giving you trouble. We'll take turns and accompany her. Nishinosono-kun. [Kanagawa Prefecture] [Otowa-bashi Bridge] This is the place where Marimo-san was found. It's so cold! Nishinosono-kun. Let's go. Yeah. Detective Ukai. The corpse of Mr. Kayama Rinsui has been discovered. It was washed up on the riverbed. There's a stab wound from a sharp object in the chest. Why did it turn up in a place like this? Why? Why? Why did it have to be my father? Ahem... We don't know the details yet, but according to the forensics the cause of death is loss of blood from the chest wound. The estimated time of death was probably between 6:00 p.m. and 9:00 p.m. yesterday. So we were told. Do you know if he died immediately after he was stabbed? The stab wound missed the vital organs, so it doesn't appear an instantaneous death. He would have survived... if he was treated right away. How long was it before he passed away after being stabbed? Judging from the amount of bleeding in the warehouse the weapon must have already been pulled from the victim's chest in the warehouse. It would have been no longer than 20 minutes. And the weapon? We haven't discovered it yet. I see. You're sure that the blood left in the warehouse belongs to Rinsui-san, aren't you? Yes, we're positive on that. And the time Yusuke-kun came out of the warehouse was at 6:00 p.m. Yes. But Yusuke said his grandfather wasn't in the warehouse. If his testimony is true, Rinsui-san was stabbed and carried out by someone before 6:00 p.m. And he died while being transported. But, when Takashi-san and Yoshimura-san stopped by at 7:00 p.m. and 8:00 p.m. the warehouse was locked from inside, wasn't it? That's very strange... I wonder who was inside? That's right. Also, why did the culprit take the trouble to carry out Mr. Rinsui to the riverbed? I'm also troubled by the fact Marimo-san was found near there. I knew it! This family must be cursed! The warehouse got stained with blood and the master died... It's exactly the same as the incident 50 years ago! Yoshimura! Do you think this is a copycat crime? You mean, someone mimicked the incident from 50 years ago? The victim was the head of the Kayama family. The locked warehouse, the large amount of bloodstains, and the missing weapon. There are too many similarities to be a coincidence. - Yes! - Oh! Nishinosono-kun! I missed it by one second because you scared me... I've solved the problem! Okay, go ahead. The culprit is Takashi-san. Your thoughts have taken a giant leap again. Takashi-san was trying to sell this estate. Maybe his father, Mr. Rinsui was against it. After the heated argument, he unintentionally stabbed Mr. Rinsui. And Takashi-san thought of diversionary tactics right then. He thought he could disguise it as a suicide like Mr. Fusai, mimicking the incident from 50 years ago. In order to duplicate the same conditions, Takashi-san returned to the warehouse with the vase and the box. But he ran into an unexpected situation. Mr. Rinsui was still alive, and ran away from the warehouse on his own. Takashi-san must have searched around the estate quickly. But he couldn't find Mr. Rinsui. So, in order to buy some time he pretended as if Mr. Rinsui was still working in the warehouse. Are you going to seclude yourself again? I've been telling you that it's not good for your health to skip meals! I'll bring his dinner later. Later, when Yoshimura-san brought his snack at 8:00 p.m. as always... Master, your dinner is here. Master! He went into the warehouse himself and bolted the door from inside. But in the end, Ayao-san went into the warehouse before he could find Mr. Rinsui. This is the answer to this incident. What do you think, Professor Saikawa? It does explain all events but it should be impossible to perfectly mimic the incident in the first place. What? Because you can prepare the vase and the box, but the door can only be bolted from inside. You can't lock up the corpse in the locked-room just like 50 years ago. Also, what you just said could've be done by anyone from the Kayama family. The condition which limits Takashi-san as the culprit, is clearly insufficient. That's true. I thought I was on the right track. Listen, Nishinosono-kun. Unlike the incident from 50 years ago, the corpse wasn't discovered in the locked-room this time. As for the missing weapon, it's appropriate to think that the culprit took and discarded it. That's certainly true. But there is one thing in common. The presence of the vase and the box? The locked-room and the purpose of this crime are not so important. Whenever the head of the Kayama family was stabbed 'The Gourd of Heaven and Earth' and 'The Box of Selflessness' were present at the scene. That's the biggest proposition of this case. [The real estate transaction contract] 'The Gourd of Heaven and Earth' and 'The Box of Selflessness' are being investigated by the police once again. What's the matter? Whether Mr. Rinsui was carried out by the culprit or went out on his own he must have gone through this back gate to get outside in any case. What's that? Professor Saikawa, look. I've always hated the job of a Buddhist painter. Yeah, it's the same. Detective Ukai! What's the matter? This is the same brand of cigarette as Marimo-san's, and it was on the ground there. What? This is a rare brand. And it's fairly new. Kayama Marimo had supposedly broken off her relationship with her father and hadn't been home for years. Huh? If this is Kayama Marimo's cigarette butt, then why was it over there? Perhaps... Marimo-san did come here yesterday. What? But, Kayama Marimo was found on the Otowa-bashi Bridge. And Mr. Rinsui's body was discovered down the river from there. Are you saying... Marimo-san stabbed her father and disposed the corpse in the river. Excuse me. Yes. What? Understood. What's wrong? Kayama Marimo has disappeared from the hospital! What? ['Who Inside'] Subtitles by DramaFever The secret will be sealed once again. Let's begin. It's possible that Marimo-san has something to do with the death of Rinsui-san. You must never open the box! This family is cursed! There could have been an accomplice. Why would we kill my father? Nishinosono-kun. Let's go and take a look at 'The Gourd of Heaven and Earth' and 'The Box of Selflessness' with our own eyes. Yes. I just need one last piece. Professor Saikawa is going to conduct his experiment. Are you saying, if his experiment is successful, this incident will be completely solved? He's not there anymore. Is it really necessary to go that far? This warehouse has been treated with weathering. Weathering? I got it! I've solved the problem. Professor Saikawa and Nishinosono-kun spent the night together! This is a serious matter! Ouch! There really is a weapon inside that box, right? There was no way to escape from the Kayama family's tradition. As a souvenir? 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 