The Perfect Insider: Season 1, Episode 1 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 The Perfect Insider 
 s1e1 - Episode #1.1 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 The Perfect Insider (2014–…): Season 1, Episode 1 - Episode #1.1 - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 What's your name? I'm Nishinosono Moe. Nice to meet you, Doctor Magata. I'm a-- What do you make of 165 times 3367? 55... 5555. Why did you ask that question? I wanted to test you. I thought you were good with numbers. But I see you aren't good at the 7 times table. - You took more time to figure out the last digits. - It's not that I'm not good at it. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 - 7 is my favorite number. - No. You haven't realized. I knew you weren't good at the 7 times table when you first learned the multiplication tables. I understand because 7 is a special number. Only 7 is lonely out of all the numbers. Um... Doctor, you have confined yourself in the basement of this laboratory for 15 years. Was there any change? I'm not here voluntarily. Therefore, any changes in my mind are not positive. You don't meet anyone in person, do you? Don't ask me a question that you already know the answer to. Such an introduction is useless in conversations. No conjunction is necessary. I have no interest in context. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Is it true that you killed your parents 15 years ago? Your handling is quick. And you have a characteristic of jumping your thoughts. That is your best talent. Doctor Magata, why did you kill your parents? I can't answer why I did it. I can tell you how I killed them. Because I witnessed it. What do you mean by 'witnessed?' It was a doll that did it. A doll? Are you saying a doll killed them? I wonder. It went somewhere. The truth has nothing to do with other people's understanding. Does that mean... your other personality committed the murders? That is also probably incorrect. It is true that there are other personalities in myself. However... - those personalities don't know my parents. - How do you know that? Divide all the numbers from 1 to 10 in two groups. And multiply all the numbers within each group. Will the products of the two groups ever be the same? Never. One of the group has 7. So the product is multiplied by 7. But the other group doesn't have 7, so it can never be the same. You see? Only 7 is lonely, isn't it? Among all the personalities in myself, the only one that has a motive to kill my parents is me... Magata Shiki. I'm the only one who is 7. What is the motive? Maybe because I wanted to play outside? That's the motive? What do your parents mean to you? My parents... You and I are the same. What? Both of our parents were killed in front of our eyes. That was an accident. Four years ago, you saw the accident, correct? Yes. Did you cry? Yes. Professor Saikawa was there too. Do you know Professor Saikawa? Do you love Professor Saikawa? Professor Saikawa was a student in my father's laboratory. I've watched Professor Saikawa since I was little. He is extremely smart and has a flexible mind. - He is someone that I highly respect. - You are not answering the question. The answer is... 'yes.' Did Professor Saikawa ask you to meet me? No, it was my decision. I came here because I was simply interested in you, Doctor Magata Shiki. You are honest. Fine. Although you have 13 seconds left, I'll allow you to ask me a few more questions. Please tell me... who you are. That was a surprise. This is the sharpness of human thinking. You just came up with that question, didn't you? Wonderful. A machine cannot do that. A question like who I am... An artificial intelligent being cannot think of it. Um... I am Magata Shiki. Nishinosono Moe-san, I enjoyed meeting you. Please wait. Doctor, will I be able to see you again? If I don't lose an interest in you, or... When? when everything becomes F. F? [National Jinnan University] [Dept. of Engineering, Architecture] I can't believe you really went to see that Doctor Magata Shiki. [Associate Professor in Architecture] [Saikawa Sohei] I wish I could have gone with you. Is it because you are interested in Doctor Magata Shiki? - Or are you trying to-- - The former case. She was very beautiful. You don't understand the value of Magata Shiki, a genius programmer. The internet environment improved drastically. The satellites are able to send accurate data to Earth. I'm not exaggerating when I say that it's all thanks to her. I'm envious. I'm truly envious of you. It's rare to see you having a crush on someone. It's not surprising. Unmistakably she has the best brain in the world. I can say that she is a human who is the closest to God. - The existence of Magata Shiki is-- - Then why don't you come with us? Our seminar trip is coming up soon. How about going to the island where the Magata Laboratory is on? I heard there is a campground that is no longer in use. Are you going to use the Nishinosono Family connection? Yes. My aunt's friend's friend is the director of the Magata Laboratory. If I ask, I'm sure they will let us visit their facilities. I didn't know how much power a wife of a prefectural governor has. I will be waiting without expecting anything. Professor Kunieda, hello. How was Hamanaka-kun's research paper on 'Reuse and problems of existing house-- Worse than an elementary student's writing. I see. I'll take a look at it later. Are you setting your watch by a second again? If you allow one second off, everything becomes ambiguous. I won't come back again today. Where to? I will observe Professor Kikuma's experiment at the Polar Research Center. Doesn't the Polar Research Center have a low-temperature laboratory? Yeah. Professor, please take me with you. We can take my car. I had no idea you were interested in civil engineering experiments. It doesn't matter what it is as long as I can stay with you, Professor. Please don't say such a thing casually. I don't want us to be gossiped about. I don't mind. Not funny. [The Perfect Insider] [Episode 1] Subtitles by DramaFever By the way, have you heard of the Polar Research Center's spirited away? The Polar Research Center's spirited away? Right. In our school's engineering department, it is considered as the biggest mystery. [Jinnan University] [The Polar Research Center] It happened two years ago at the Polar Research Center. A person who was in charge of Professor Kikuma's seminar started ranting all of a sudden... and swung a knife around in front of his classmates. Luckily no one got hurt, but he dashed out the center and disappeared. And that's not all. The first person who was in charge of the Kikuma seminar also disappeared too. I think he went to India to pursue his girlfriend who was a foreign exchange student. I know you are joking. Nishinosono-kun. Don't tell me that you came because you are more interested in the mystery of the spirited away... than the experiment by Professor Kikuma who is a leading civil engineer. Um, I would rather... It's hard to understand. If I remember correctly, Professor Kita is at the Polar Research Center. I was told that he went to school with you since junior high. That's right. My friend said he is very handsome. That depends on the subjectivity of the person who looks at him. I can't wait to meet him. I didn't know there was a pretty girl like her at the Saikawa Laboratory. Nice to meet you. I'm Nishinosono Moe. [Associate Professor in Civil Engineering, Kita Hokuto] Hmm? Nishinosono? Could it be that you are our university's former chancellor's-- Yes, Nishinosono Kyosuke is my father. His daughter? I see, I see... How is the experiment? Huh? The experiment. Right. Today is the last day of the three-month-long experiment to measure data. Right now, they are confirming in the conference room. Everyone else in our seminar including the assistant professor and students are specialized in experiments. I'm specialized in calculations, so I have nothing to do with it. That's right. We have time until the experiment starts. I will show you the low-temperature laboratory. - I wanted to see it. - Right? This way. This way. [Engineer, Hachikawa Zentaro] Excuse me, Hachikawa-san. Can they look at-- Three... fine, but don't touch anything that you aren't supposed to. Thank you. Excuse me. Now, welcome to the world of -20 degrees Celsius, -4 degrees Fahrenheit. Wow, it's cold. In that outfit, you will suffer from impairment of consciousness in 10 minutes. - Thank you very much. - You are welcome. Professor Kita is more attractive than I expected. Are you collecting data to design an oil plant that floats on the surface of an icy ocean? That's what I expect from a student from the architecture department. Exactly. This ice is like sorbet. Yes. We add ethylene glycol to purposely make the ice soft. Why do you do that? - It's called 'scale effect.' - It's called 'scale effect.' Real ice is too hard for this size model. Exactly. I see. It seems interesting. Next, this way. This is the experiment preparation room. In here, we test the experiment and there is a machine that creates wind and waves in the pool. What is over there? That's an emergency exit. It leads to outside. Next, this way. This is the receiving room that we use to bring in equipment. I don't think you can stay here anymore. Let's go outside. Yes. - Do you want to go outside too, Sohei? - Of course. Can you close the door? It was so cold. Because of you people, the temperature went up by 0.7 degrees Celsius. You didn't open the emergency door, did you? Of course not. Professor Kita, thank you. - You are welcome. - Moe-chan? [2nd Year in Master Course, Hattori Tamako] Tamako-senpai. Oh, Tama-chan, do you know Nishinosono-san? Yes. She was my senior in the Japanese archery club. I asked her for advice on things even outside the club too. Could he be the teacher you told me about? Yes. Hmm? I wonder what kind of advice it was. You came here at the perfect time. We'll be having a party when we are done. So please come. Sure. Then, see you later. Professor Kikuma, thank you for having me. [Professor, Kikuma Kyosuke] Oh, Professor Saikawa, welcome. I'm sorry to interrupt you. Thank you for letting me learn today. This is my assistant professor, Ichinose-kun. - You've never met him before? - No. Nice to meet you. I'm Ichinose. I'm Saikawa. I'm an architecture student, Nishinosono. [2nd Year in Doctoral Course] [Niwa Kenjiro] How is the receiver, Niwa-kun? Good, Professor. Now this is our last measurement. Try not to make any mistakes. - Yes. - Yes. Let's observe it from over there. [1st Year in Master Course] [Funami Machiko] [1st Year in Doctoral Course] [Arai Masanao] Let's begin. We are counting on you, Niwa-kun. Yes. [Experiment in Progress] Niwa-kun, please start from Valve 4. Where are the professor and Professor Ichinose instructing him from? From the Professor Room. They are monitoring the experiment together. Valve 4, stop there. Niwa-kun, next Valve 5, please. I'll excuse myself. I'm expecting to receive an e-mail from my friend in England now. - Please feel free to look around. - Yes. Can you do it slowly, Niwa-kun? How many times does he have to try? He sucks. Okay, Niwa-kun. Can you check around the valves? [15 minutes passed] [34 minutes passed] All right, Niwa-kun. You can come out now. Looks like 30 minutes is the maximum even with that suit. It's not about how cold it is. It drains your energy. What? Are you wearing that too? Yeah, it's easier than wearing an archery uniform. Hattori-san, Valve 5 has a malfunction so we will switch it to Valve 8. Yes. This is difficult. I wonder if Tama-chan can handle it. Ichinose-kun, scan the positions of the XY directions and keep an eye on it. Hattori-kun, wait for a little bit. Keep it as it is now. Hachikawa, what is the tension? It's 2.5. There is something wrong with the servomechanism. Pay attention to it. I understand. No matter how many times we do it, something always comes up when experimenting. Yes. How is it? Looks like there is some trouble. I hope Tamako-senpai is all right. It happens often. Hattori-san, Valve 8, please. Oh, you are doing great, Tama-chan. Okay. The switching is complete. Now, please start measuring. [57 minutes passed] [66 minutes passed] Hattori-san. We collected enough data. It's all right now. Thank you for your hard work. Good job, Tama-chan. Tamako-senpai, you worked so hard. It looks good. The experiment is finished. Everyone, thank you for your hard work. - Hachikawa-kun, you can turn the cooling machine off. - Yes. [Cooling] Professor Kikuma, you worked very hard. We were able to get good data. That's right. We are having a party in the laboratory later. Why don't you join us? - No... - What? In the laboratory? That is a tradition at the Polar Research Center. Are we having a party in the laboratory again? It's a waste of energy. It's all right. We can keep the drinks cold. It's rather eco-friendly. Delicious. Thank you for your hard work. Thank you. Tamako-senpai is late, isn't she? Now that you mentioned it... what is she doing? Professor, can I look at the data from this experiment? I'm interested in analytical modeling. Right, this experiment can be applied to the architecture field. I understand. Ichinose-san, please show it to him later. - Yes. - Thank you very much. It's strange, I can't find Niwa-senpai or Tama-chan anywhere. Should I call them? No. All their belongings and cell phones were left in the graduate student room. Did they forget them and go home? It looked like Tamako-senpai was looking forward to the party. Niwa-san would also definitely come since he is in charge of the seminar. Hey, where is Niwa-kun? He might have left already. What? But his car is here. I need him to move his car otherwise I can't move my car. He wouldn't walk home, would he? Don't tell me that this is that spirited away thing again. Arai-kun. I'm sorry. I will ask the guard, Mukai-san. Huh? Did anyone lock the door to the preparation room? It doesn't open. Nobody went to the preparation room after the experiment, right? And the keys are only in the Professor Room and the guard's room. Then, does it mean someone locked the door from inside? What? That's strange. Do you think we should check? Yes, we should. Tamako-senpai. Report to the police right away. Ah, yes. Let's go. What in the world happened? It's not a suicide. Can't be... Hey, hey... Niwa-kun. Niwa-kun. Niwa-kun. Thank you for working hard. Niwa-kun and Hattori-san were students of the Kikuma seminar. Yes. Niwa-kun was in his second year in the doctoral course and was in charge of the seminar. Hattori-san was in her second year in the master course. Can you tell me what the person in charge of the seminar does? Their job is to organize the seminar. Like a leader of students in the seminar. Did you hear if Niwa-san was in any kind of trouble? Not that I know of. Excuse me. I am Ukai from the Investigation Division 1. I believe you are Nishinosono Moe-san and Professor Saikawa. That's right. I'm sorry for being rude. I just talked to my superior. You two can leave now. [Katagiri Masato] But Ukai-san... This young lady here is Chief Nishinosono's niece. What? Did the culprit escape from the garage door in the receiving room? I'm sorry? In the middle of the experiment, after Tamako-senpai came out from the preparation room... Good job, Tama-chan. from the side of the laboratory, no one touched the door. Yes, we confirmed that in the video from the camera in the laboratory. Which means... that door was locked from the inside of the preparation room. Right. When the body was found, the emergency door was also locked from the inside. You've made good observations. On top of that, the emergency door can't be locked from the outside. The only exit that is left is the garage door in the receiving room. But it doesn't make sense. The garage door is power-operated, but it was broken and it couldn't open at all. What? Then how did the culprit go outside? Exactly. This is a so called 'locked room.' How long has the garage door been broken? Um, that's... Since this morning. The guard noticed it and called a repair company during the day. They couldn't fix it there, so they took the motor with them. Who were the people that knew that? The guard told the engineer, Hachikawa Zentaro. Since it wouldn't affect today's experiment, Hachikawa didn't report it to anyone. I see. - Professor. - Hmm? Could it be that you noticed something? No, I can't understand a case like this at all. Let's go back, Nishinosono-kun. Is it all right, Ukai-san? Yes, of course. Excuse me. Please wait, Professor. This is the first time since then to be in a car that you are driving. Four years ago, on that day, I went home in a car that you were driving. You always drive me when I'm depressed. You can't drive since you had alcohol. That's all. When my parents' accident happened I couldn't do anything. But this time, there is something I can do. What can you do? Who killed Tamako-senpai and how... I can find the answer. That's not the problem that you are supposed to solve. What do you think, Professor? About the locked room. I think you should leave it up to the police. Tamako-senpai died. You are being irresponsible. I have no responsibility to solve the case. More importantly I have to go to bed for tomorrow's class and lecture. You too should forget about the case and rest well. What? Tamako-senpai was seeing Niwa-san? Yes. They both met each other's parents. I can't believe what happened. Did anyone else know about this? She said she hadn't told anyone. I heard a rumor that Niwa-san was seeing someone. Ah, Niwa-san. He was handsome and popular. It's not strange if he had a girlfriend or two. A girlfriend or two. What is the name of the person who disappeared? Um, Masuda Jun-san. Why did he swing a knife around? Beats me. Suddenly he screamed loudly and started swinging it around. How did he look? [A week later] These are the handouts from yesterday's symposium. How was it? It was like a play in kindergarten. [Will the case be unsolved?] [Two dead bodies in the low-temperature lab] [Cold Locked Room, Deepened Mystery] This graduate student who was killed was in charge of the seminar, right? [Hamanaka Fukashi] It's not good. I'm in charge of the seminar in the Saikawa Lab too. Stop talking about that and finish your master thesis already. I'm sorry. Um, Professor Saikawa, there's something I need to report. Hmm? - I investigated the case. - I told you not to do it. Niwa-san and Tamako-senpai have been seeing each other for half a year. Having a relationship with someone in the same lab is common. And it looks like the missing case from two years ago is relevant. The man who disappeared, his name was Masuda Jun-san. Right before he disappeared he swung around a knife before his classmates. One of the classmates was Niwa-san. What do you think, Professor? I've already told you. I don't have any responsibility to solve the case and that you should leave it to the police. Why are you avoiding this case so much? Could it be that you are thinking that I'm the culprit? Professor Kita. - And you are trying to cover me up? - What do you want? What do I want? I brought this for you. Ichinose-san asked me to bring it to you. The data from the experiment. Oh, now that's interesting. I looked at the case's investigation report that you sent me, Nishinosono-san. I'm sorry to send it to you without asking you first. Don't be. I was surprised that Niwa-kun and Hattori-san were in a relationship. Professor Saikawa doesn't listen to me seriously. Make sure to give ear to women. I've been telling him that since we were in school. You are such a foolish man. Professor Kita, will you listen to me? Of course. I'd love to. I solved the problem. What? The culprit is Masuda Jun-san who disappeared two years ago. Why is that? Originally Niwa-san was supposed to kill Tamako-senpai. In order to execute the plan, he threatened Masuda-san and gained his cooperation. What a bizarre hypothesis. What kind of plan was it? First of all, the murder happened in the middle of the experiment. After Niwa-san entered the preparation room, he opened the emergency door... and let in Masuda-san, who was waiting outside. And Masuda-san hid himself in the receiving room. After Niwa-san left, Tamako-senpai entered the preparation room. After taking his cold weather gear off, Niwa-san walked along the building outside... and entered the preparation room through the emergency door that was unlocked. Take it off. Hurry up. He threatened Tamako-senpai with a knife and made her take off the cold weather gear... and killed her. Then Niwa-san escaped to outside through the emergency door. Masuda-san who was hiding in the receiving room locked the emergency door from inside. Masuda-san wore Tamako-senpai's gear and pretended to be her. This is why he needed Masuda-san's help because he is short. And he locked the door from the outside with a spare key that was prepared beforehand. This was the original plan. I see. So Niwa-kun was supposed to manufacture an alibi. Yes. But Masuda-san betrayed and killed Niwa-san in the receiving room. After that, as planned, Masuda-san locked the emergency door... wore the cold weather gear, entered the lab and locked the door from the outside. This is how two dead bodies and a locked room were created. This is what happened. What do you think? It's amazing. It explains the phenomenon. Doesn't it? You think so? But for people who know Masuda-kun... it's hard to believe he would commit murders heartlessly. I'm sorry. It's okay. It's important to figure out a problem in an objective way. And Sohei, what is the score you would give her as her professor? Why didn't Masuda-kun escape from the emergency exit? What? That's because he wanted us to think the culprit was still inside the research center. Then why did he lock the door to the lab? That is... You are right. It's inconsistent. And the idea that Hattori-san was threatened and took her gear off doesn't sound natural. If she saw a knife, she could scream or at least she could resist a little. She wouldn't get stabbed in her back so easily. I thought my idea was pretty good. As usual, your thoughts jump extremely. You can't just deny everything she says. If you are her professor, it's your duty to show her the right path. If the locked room was created on purpose, it must've been the culprit's clear intention. But in this case, this locked room doesn't give the culprit any advantages. No advantages? Because if this was an outsider's crime, the door to the lab should be left open. If this was an insider's crime, the emergency door to outside should be left open. You are right. In other words, it was an unnecessarily locked room. Unnecessarily locked room. Nishinosono-kun, the locked room isn't important at all. What is important then? In the research center where people purely pursue academic goals... there was a hidden madness that killed two students. The fact is the biggest problem of this case. But Nishinosono-san... No, Moe-chan... I'm impressed you gave this so much thought. You are so kind, Professor Kita. That's right. Are you going to the Polar Research Center today? - Yeah, I'm going there after this. - I'll come with you. There is something that bothers me. - Nishinosono-kun-- - Let's go, Professor. - We are taking off. - We are taking off. What's wrong? Here... I think there was another space in the building. What? It's next to the measurement room. Next to the measurement room? I don't remember anything there. What? A duct space? Yes, I remember there is a little door that leads to a duct space behind that shelf. Are you sure about that? Ah, you are right. Wow, you have a good memory, Professor Ichinose. Was the shelf here all this time? There is another entrance on the roof, so it's been like this since the center was built. Did the police see this? I don't think they investigated it. Let's check it out. Sure. What an awful smell. - There is no light? - Wait a second. We can use my cell phone. As a light. It's completely mummified. Professor Kita. Masuda-kun. We found a student ID from the body's belongings. Masuda Jun. His family filed a missing person's report two years ago. He belonged to the Kikuma Laboratory. Yes. He was an excellent student. I never knew he was in this building. When he went missing, the door to the duct space was... It was closed with the shelf. The hatch to the roof was locked from the inside. When was the last time the door was opened? I haven't asked any repairs and I think it's been two years since the last regular inspection. Another locked room, huh? Is something wrong? You look like you've been followed by someone. Well, I don't feel comfortable being in a place like this. Did you bring what I asked? I'm not supposed to do this. Don't worry. I've talked to my uncle already. You can only look at it here. Please have some tea. They have good desserts here too. There is no trauma on Masuda Jun's body. An empty bottle of sleeping pills was found in his backpack. It seems like he entered the duct room from the roof, locked the door from the inside... and committed suicide by taking the medication. Professor Kikuma Kyosuke has a previous marriage. When he was an assistant at the Okayama Technology University... At the age of 26, he had an arranged marriage but got divorced after half a year. 18 years later, he married again to another woman. No children. Associate Professor Kita Hokuto has been studying under Professor Kikuma... since he was a student at Jinnan University. He used to be in charge of the seminar. Ichinose Rika. Her parents divorced right after her birth. She was raised by her mother in Okayama. After studying abroad in Germany, she became Professor Kikuma's assistant professor. Engineer Hachikawa Zentaro is single and lives alone. He has history with the police for a fight he had in his technical high school. Arai Masanao is in the first year of his doctoral course. He borrowed several tens of thousands of yen from Niwa. Funami Machiko is from Chiba. She is in the second year of her master course and Hattori Tamako's classmate. She was talking ill about Hattori to her friends. 10 days before the murders, Niwa and Hattori went to a department store in Yokohama and purchased a suit and a dress with Niwa's credit card. They were in Niwa's car on the day they were murdered. Masuda Jun was a brilliant student. His research was getting attention at academic conferences. Right before he disappeared, he became mentally ill. He was seen many times murmuring the word 'shika.' The police took Masuda Jun's computer once. But now it's been returned to the Polar Research Center. Thank you very much, Ukai-san. You've read it already? Wait, Nishinosono-san... It's hard to be alone here. It's Moe. I looked at the police's investigation report. I will attach a file that I summarized the content. And I found out the computer that Masuda-san was using is still there. I will let you know again when I take a look at it. 'Shika?' [Saving the files] [The Saikawa Laboratory] [Please call again when the signal is better] Professor. Professor. Subtitles by DramaFever The proposition is proven. She was investigating the case. There must be someone who wasn't happy about it. Are you suspecting me for real? I can't deny the possibility. Even now, I think Moe wants you to recognize her. Four dead bodies in the same space in one week... it's true madness. I'm sure you know the answer already. Please end such a sad case. Thank you for being patient with my selfishness. Professor. Don't come. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 