The Perfect Insider: Season 1, Episode 7 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 The Perfect Insider 
 s1e7 - Episode #1.7 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 The Perfect Insider (2014–…): Season 1, Episode 7 - Episode #1.7 - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 [Yokohama Modelers Festival] [Waiting Room 2] [Terabayashi Koji] Is it already this late? [From: Kamikura Yuko] [See you at the lab at 8:00 p.m. tomorrow.] [I haven't heard from you yet. Are you busy?] [It's okay if it's past 8 o'clock. Have you eaten?] [Waiting Room 2] [Keihin Institute of Technology] [Kamikura Yuko] Detective Ukai, should I call Nishinosono-san? Why should you? 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Because, you know, this is a locked-room situation. The room was locked but... there are three copies of the key made for this room and a student named Terabayashi has the last copy, doesn't he? Plus, he's on the run. It'll be over as soon as we find him. He is suspicious, indeed. On the cell phone that belonged to the victim, Kamikura Yuko we found some email between her and Terabayashi. It seems like they were in a relationship. It must have developed from a simple lover's quarrel. Detective Ukai, this is Professor Kawashima, the first one to find the victim. Professor Kawashima, were you able to get a hold of Terabayashi? No, I haven't been able to contact him yet. I've also asked the students from my seminar, but no one seems to know. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 I see. Did you find his picture? Oh... here. So this is Terabayashi Koji. [Yokomaha Modelers Festival] I'm here to do an interview so why are you charging me admission? I have an appointment with Mr. Daigobo, don't you know? I'm sorry, but that's the rule here. But the admission is free if you join our circle right here right now. Your circle? It's called Earth Defense Corp and the initiation fee is free. We'll also give you a pin badge, which proves you're a member of our circle. So cool! You can't defend Earth with this crap! Here you go. [Waiting Room 1] No way! I came here because Yasutomo-san said it was an emergency so why do I have to wear this costume? [Daigobo Yasutomo] I'm pretty sure Moe-chan would look great in it. [Nishinosono Moe] I can't even imagine. Oh, look here. This is what it looks like. Isn't it pretty? I think it looks very good on her. Doesn't it? Her name is Tsutsumi Asuka-chan and she's super popular. Then Asuka-san should wear it. But she can't. We're in trouble because we've lost contact with her all of a sudden. This is a once-in-a-lifetime request from Daigobo Yasutomo! Even if it's a favor from Yasutomo-san, it's impossible. No, thank you. Moe-chan! Moe-chan, look me in my eyes. Listen. Haven't I been doing you lots of favors since you were little? Like playing horsey or house together as your mom. - You know, I even changed your diapers-- - I didn't ask you to do that. Please, Moe-chan! Have I ever asked you for a favor before? [Saikawa Sohei] Thank you. [Kita Hokuto] Huh? Hey, Sohei! Why are you looking at this thing when we're at the modelers festival? Let's hurry up and go inside! I can be interested in whatever I like. Here, Sohei. Take it! Hey, we're going now. They even have railway models over there. Remember, you used to be into trains in junior high school? I was just going along with you. I have no interest anymore. - That's a lot of effort for just going along. - Professor Saikawa, isn't it? Oh, Detective Katagiri. What are you doing here? Oh, he brought me over by force. Hello there. It's been a while. Actually our classmate from junior high and high school is sponsoring this event. - And he invited us. - Do you mean who I think you mean? Daigobo Yasutomo, the novelist. Really? You're acquaintances with Mr. Daigobo, the charismatic romance novelist? Perfect! Just for today, okay? Can you make a quick turn right there? What? Hey, stop it, please! Filming is absolutely prohibited! How do you feel with that costume on? I'm embarrassed. You're just bound by the meaningless common sense. Unleash yourself... towards freedom you've never known before! I don't want freedom like that. Oh, yes, yes, yes. Yasutomo-san! Hold on a minute! Yasutomo-san! Good morning, Tsutsumi-kun. Good morning. Have you seen Terabayashi-san? No. He's not here? Not yet. He has the key for waiting room 2, so everyone's stuck, I guess. Oh, this girl? She's my cousin. Nishinosono Moe-chan. And... this is Tsutsumi Kiyoto-kun. He's a brother of Asuka-chan, the girl from the video. Nice to meet you. Kiyoto-kun is the artist with a bright shining star. Twinkling and powerful and solid, if you know what I mean. Really solid! Like rock solid! Yes? What's the matter? Um, Daigobo-san. The police officers are here. The police? They're looking for Terabayashi-san. I wonder if something happened to him? What happened? [Waiting Room 2] I'm going to call the police! Wait, Moe-chan! The head! These clothes... belong to Asuka-chan. What happened? Stop, Kiyoto-kun! Are you alright? - Pull yourself together! - Right this way. What's going on here? Oh, Detective Ukai! Over here, too! What, Nishinosono-san? What? Please tell me what's going on here! He's still alive. Terabayashi... Hurry up and call an ambulance! - Oh, yes! Do it! - Yes! Are you alright? [The Perfect Insider] [Episode 7] Subtitles by DramaFever I came to do an interview with Mr. Daigobo but they happened to discover a corpse with its head cut-off at the same place. 'A bizarre murder at the famous novelist's event.' This could make for a good story, don't you think? Oh, I'll call you later. [Waiting Room 2] Professor Kita, what is Professor Saikawa doing here? Well, our classmate from junior high and high school named Daigobo wanted to see us after a long time - so I brought him over by force-- - Hold it right there! What? Yasutomo-san was your classmate? - Yes, so what? - Really? Huh? Do you know Daigobo? Yasutomo-san is my cousin. What? Sohei! It turns out Moe-chan is Daigobo's cousin! I knew that. - Huh? Why didn't you tell me? - What? Why didn't you tell me? You never asked. 'You never asked.' How childish are you? Unbelievable! - By the way, who's the guy with Daigobo? - You really shouldn't look. Okay? He's the brother of Tsutsumi Asuka-san, the victim. I heard he was an artist. I see. Oh, you're all still here? You can leave whenever you'd like. Did you find out anything about the dead woman? Judging from her belongings, she appears to be someone named Tsutsumi Asuka. The estimate time of death was between 7:00 and 8:00 pm last night. The head was cut off after being murdered. There are some marks of swinging down a hatchet-like object left on the floor so it seems to have been cut in this room. Who was the man lying on the floor next to the corpse? Terabayashi Koji. He's a grad student at the Keihin Institute of Technology and he was injured in the head, but it's not life-threatening. He's a modeler of character figures and was seen repairing his work in waiting room 2 right after 7:00 p.m. last night. The waiting room was locked when the corpse was discovered, wasn't it? Yes. There are only two copies of the key. Terabayashi had one, and the other was stored in the guard room. Since Terabayashi didn't show up, they opened the door using the key from the guard room, and found that. Regarding the key Terabayashi had someone passing by picked it up near the entrance of the public hall a little while ago. That means, the culprit took the key from Terabayashi-san, locked the door from outside and threw it away near the entrance afterwards. It may be reasonable to think that way, but this is a little more complicated. What do you mean by that? Actually, Terabayashi is the prime suspect of another murder. What? Last night, there was another murder at the Keihin Institute of Technology. Isn't KIT about 300 meters from here? Yes. Kamikura Yuko, who was Terabayashi's girlfriend, belonged to the same seminar and was discovered dead from strangulation in the laboratory. The estimated time of her death was between 8:00 and 9:00 p.m. Then she was killed just one hour after Tsutsumi Asuka-san's murder. Yes. And the crime scene was also in a locked-room situation at KIT. The laboratory had been locked from outside and it was only Terabayashi Koji who had the key. Terabayashi-san had the key again? Terabayashi's car was parked in the parking lot of the university, with the car key inside. And the key for the laboratory was attached to that keychain. So the prime suspect for a murder was found lying down at the crime scene of another murder, which took place around the same time. Is that right? - That's exactly right. - That's exactly right. It's a really confusing story, isn't it? Well, but if you look at the phenomenon in a genuine way it's not too hard to build up a simple hypothesis, I think. Between 7:00 and 8:00 p.m. last night Terabayashi-san called Tsutsumi Asuka-san to the waiting room and murdered her. Then he took her head with him. Straight from there, he went to the Keihin Institute of Technology and strangled Kamikura Yuko-san to death between 8:00 and 9:00 p.m. He locked the laboratory's door and transported the head of Tsutsumi Asuka-san somewhere to hide. Then, leaving the key for the laboratory inside the car he returned to the waiting room at the public hall and locked the door from inside. In the waiting room, he hit his head by himself and pretended to be unconscious. Finally, while being carried out on the stretcher he dropped the key for the waiting room near the entrance of the public hall. - Kind of like that. - I see! - Too close! - So, this was all Terabayashi-san's scheme? Yes, I'm positive. That's got to be it. No, that's strange. Eh, why do you say that? Because if Terabayashi-san was the culprit, he wouldn't lock the waiting room door from inside. Yes, that's true. He would become the suspect himself if he had done that. And he wouldn't leave the laboratory's key inside his own car. Yeah, there should have been many chances to dispose of it somewhere. Above all, it's just not logical to camouflage himself by returning to the crime scene and pretending to be unconscious by the victim. Right, anyone with decent thinking ability would never do such a thing. You may be right but the culprit may not be decent at all. Since this is a pervert who takes someone's head, you know? Professor Saikawa, what's your opinion? I've been curious about this the whole time, but... What is it? Are those kinds of clothes popular lately? - I'm curious, too. - I'm curious, too. What? Oh, I'll go and change. Hey, wait! Don't take my picture without asking! Are you part of the staff of this event? What's your name? It's Nishinosono. Eh? Are you by any chance Nishinosono Moe-san? Yes. I see, so you are Nishinosono Moe-san. I see. Excuse me, but you are? Me? I'm Gido Setsuko. A freelance writer? How did you know about me? - Sohei-kun tells me about you all the time. - Sohei-kun? Do you know Professor Saikawa? Yes. Oh, Sohei-kun said you like investigating criminal cases, don't you? Will you give me some information if you don't mind? I'm following the incident that happened here earlier. Why should I? You're so stingy. Stingy? It's all right. I'll talk to Sohei-kun. Well then, I hope to see you again somewhere, Nishinosono-san. Sohei-kun... Ms. Kunieda, can I talk to you for a minute? What is it? Well, do you know someone named Gido Setsuko-san? No. Who is she? A very beautiful woman, she was. I don't see the purpose of your question. Hamanaka-san... wouldn't know her, would you? No, I don't. Thank you very much. Hey, Moe-chan! Yasutomo-san. I've been shut out of the venue by the police. Is Saikawa-kun here? I didn't get to talk to him before. Thanks. Thank you. Aw, ouch! What are you doing? I just met Gido Setsuko-san at the public hall. Oh, Setsuko was there? I wonder if it was for an interview. It seemed so. She asked me to say hi to 'Sohei-kun.' She's a little odd but interesting, isn't she? But what a surprise! Finally the three of us got together again and it turned out to be at a murder scene. Maybe we're destined to live such a hapless life, don't you think? Don't put me in the same class with you. People may misunderstand. How cruel! Yasutomo-san, what kind of person was Asuka-san, the victim? Let me think... She was more like a goddess in the third dimension. Look, this is Asuka-chan from the first day. About three years ago, I asked her to cosplay through Kiyoto-kun but that picture got circulated on the internet and made her a big sensation. She's been worshiped as a goddess with the perfect body shape among the fanatics. But she was completely ignoring her fans. Like yesterday... What? Something happened yesterday? Her fans kept taking pictures from a low angle so Asuka-chan got mad and said she wouldn't wear that costume anymore. And you tried to make me wear it? It looked pretty good on you. I'm not happy to hear that. Look at this behind-the-scene shot. I'm worried about Kiyoto-kun, since he was really close to his sister. Was Terabayashi-san close to Asuka-san? He was one of the fanatical followers. But I don't think Terabayashi-kun killed Asuka-chan. I agree. Sohei, what do you think? Well, I guess you're not going to be interested as usual. The issue here is the place where Tsutsumi Asuka-san was murdered. What's got into you? You're very proactive today. What do you mean by the place? It's hard to imagine that she voluntarily went to the public hall at night, when there was no one around. So, someone called her out? Why did the culprit choose that place? That's the important part. Nishinosono-kun, I'm coming with you. Huh? You're going to investigate this case, aren't you? That's so rare that Professor Saikawa is voluntarily going to investigate a case. You always say, 'It's not my job to solve a criminal case' or something like that. Let's go. Yes. Please don't touch anything, okay? Yes. Was Kamikura-san conducting an experiment in this room last night? Yes. Professor Kawashima Shinya, the instructor in charge, saw her right before 8:00 p.m. Kamikura Yuko was supposed to meet Terabayashi in the laboratory at 8:00 p.m. to make arrangements for the experiment the following day. An hour later, Professor Kawashima came back to get what he had forgotten and when he went to drop in at the lab because the lights were on the door was locked. Feeling suspicious, Professor Kawashima fetched a guard and he unlocked the door with the key from the guard room to go inside. Then... he discovered that Kamikura Yuko had been murdered. Kamikura! How about the windows when the corpse was discovered? They were all closed and locked. The culprit must have gone out from the door and locked it from outside. I can't think otherwise. It's an electronic lock, isn't it? Yes, apparently it's not so easy to make duplicate keys. The key kept in the guard room had been securely stored so it's almost certain that the door was locked with the key found in Terabayashi's car. That makes an extremely unfavorable situation for Terabayashi-san. Since he had both of the keys for the two locked-rooms. But the key for this laboratory was inside Terabayashi-san's car and the key for the waiting room at the public hall was on the floor near the entrance. So... someone else could have used them. I'm sure that the real culprit is trying to incriminate Terabayashi-san. Why was the suspect of this murder lying down at another murder scene? I wonder if the same culprit committed these murders anyway? The time and scene of the crimes are close, but the killing methods are totally different, right? We did question that part, too. But blood was detected from this sink. It matched with Tsutsumi Asuka's blood. And when we conducted a voluntary search at Terabayashi's apartment we even found something like this. Is this a model? It's a head-only character figure called murder prop. And as a supplement to the kit, even a booklet of 'how to cut off the human head' comes with it. Do you think the culprit would leave such obvious evidence in his room? It's impossible for us to understand what a bizarre criminal has in mind. As I said before, Terabayashi killed Tsutsumi Asuka at the public hall first then came here and killed Kamikura Yuko, too. What is Terabayashi-san saying about all this? Terabayashi-san, could you take a look at this? This must be Asuka-san. Did something happen to her? Actually, she had been murdered in the same room where you were lying down. Why her? Did the same person who hit me killed her? We're investigating that right now. More important that that, Terabayashi-san. How did you know it was Asuka-san, just by looking at this picture that showed no face? Oh, that's because of... the shape of the arms and legs. The shape? Yes. I build character figures, so I pay close attention to the shape of the human body. I doubt if it's true that he remembered the shape of arms and legs. What did he say about the murder of Kamikura Yuko-san? He was surprised to hear she had been killed. What's your opinion, Professor Saikawa? If these two incidents were committed by the same criminal the culprit must have been only interested in Asuka-san's head. Then the culprit must be a fan of Asuka-san. But why would the murderer, who's capable of cutting off a human head, leave Terabayashi-san alive? That's the big question. This whole thing must have been staged by Terabayashi himself. Are you also suspecting Terabayashi-san? I can't deny that it's highly possible for Terabayashi-san to be the culprit when thinking logically. Detective Ukai, could you please let me visit Terabayashi-san? What? No, that's not going to-- Pretty please? Well okay, If you say so-- - Of course not! - Eh? Even if it's Nishinosono-san's request, I won't be able to-- I said no! Detective, can I leave now? Oh, I'm sorry. You may go. Oh, this is Professor Saikawa and Nishinosono-san of Jinnan University. And this is Professor Kawashima of KIT. I'm Saikawa. Nice to meet you. Excuse me, Professor Kawashima. May I ask whose work this is? That's mine. So, you also build models? It's a hobby of mine. Why? You don't build character figures like Terabayashi-san? You know, a character figure is not a model. What's the difference? Only something a human created can become a model. Humans, animals and plants cannot become a model. Why is that? What a model emulates is not the shape. It's the mind and act of the person who created its original form. For example, this airplane is reproduced in detail, even to the engine inside. But you can't reproduce the internal organs in a character figure, can you? That's not a model. It's merely a doll. Oh, Professor Kawashima. Yasutomo-san, do you know him? He's a veteran modeler, who specializes in airplanes. Quite famous in our community. I've done an interview article with him for the modelers magazine before, but I don't like him. He looks down on character figures. He said it was merely a doll. That's only his sense of values. It's possible to think that building a character figure, which is to breathe life into the piece is an even more noble act. The world of modelers is pretty deep. But I must say he's right about the 'doll' expression. Since creating character figures is all about being particular about the human shape. Look at these pieces! Aren't they all wonderful? Oh, Yasutomo-san. I have a costume I'd like to borrow. Oh? You've come to your senses, haven't you? - I said, stop it! - Ouch! I'm taking his temperature. Thank you. Terabayashi-san. Nice to meet you, my name is Nishinosono. Oh, hello. I'm Daigobo Yasutomo-san's cousin. What? I came in disguise to meet you. Isn't it crazy? Why did you do that? Terabayashi-san, right now the police are considering that you're the culprit. But I just can't make myself agree. So I wanted to find out a true account of what happened. But... why you? You may not understand, but this is my hobby. Hobby? I'm just doing what I like. I'm sure it's the same as modelers building models. I see. Then I guess there's no way to rationalize it. You're right. I don't have much time, so I'll get straight to the point. You had a relationship with Kamikura Yuko-san, didn't you? No, I wouldn't call it a relationship. Oh? I thought she was your girlfriend. I did go out with Kamikura-san several times... But I don't know if we were actually 'on a date.' We just went to see a movie together or something like that. That's all. Who do you think killed Kamikura-san? I don't have an answer for that. Do you think it could be Professor Kawashima? What? Professor Kawashima was the last person to witness Kamikura-san alive and the first one to discover the corpse. I thought it could be possible. I don't think Professor Kawashima would do such a thing. Why do you think Asuka-san's head was cut off? The culprit probably wanted to take it. What? Is that understandable to you? To be honest, I do understand it a little. I sometimes get the urge to try it myself. Oh... But there's a big difference between acting on it or not. That's the line between normal and abnormal. Well, you're right. But I heard that you own a head-only character figure called murder prop. Oh, that. There are so many guys around me who also bought a kit like that. I actually bought it because one of my modeler friends told me about it. Do you remember who it was? I think... Kiyoto-kun told me first. You're an acquaintance with Asuka-san's brother. Yes. Asuka-san wouldn't even speak to me but Kiyoto-kun has been a great friend. Do you remember telling Professor Kawashima about your murder prop? Yes, even though he specializes in airplane models I remember telling him about my murder prop when we were talking about paint or something. I'm almost done. Well, please call me if you remember something. Thank you very much. Excuse me, but... Nishinosono-san, do you think I'm the culprit? I don't think so. Thank you. You remind me of my teacher. For some reason. You saw Kamikura-san and Professor Kawashima having a quarrel? Yes, Professor Kawashima and Kamikura-san had a relationship until about six months ago but Kamikura-san jilted him for Terabayashi-san, so... He was jealous. Yes, I heard he's been harassing and stalking her in revenge. - That's right. He's so creepy. - Yeah. Professor Saikawa! I've solved the prob-- It's you, Nishinosono-san. Good afternoon. Why are you here, Gido-san? I was going to ask Sohei-kun's opinion about that incident but he must be out of the office. I'll come back some other time. Well then, say hi to Sohei-kun for me, will you? Sohei-kun! Long time no see! What are you doing here, Setsuko? Do you have time? Since it's been a while, want to get dinner? Oh sure, but what's going on? I have something to talk to you about. Nishinosono-kun, did you go see Terabayashi-san in disguise? What? Daigobo called me. He said you came to borrow a nurse costume. It's none of your business. Well, you're right. But as a teacher in charge, I can't simply pass such reckless behavior of my student-- Your student? Please don't take any trouble on my account. Because I've already figured it out. I've solved the problem. Hmm? Why are you angry? The culprit is Professor Kawashima. That's quite abrupt, I must say. Professor Kawashima used to have a relationship with Kamikura Yuko-san. But Kamikura-san took up with Terabayashi-san, who entered the course as an adult student. So, Professor Kawashima got jealous and came up with a plan to murder Kamikura-san and lay the blame on Terabayashi-san. What kind of plan? On that night when Terabayashi-san and Kamikura-san were meeting at the laboratory Professor Kawashima went to the public hall, in order to execute his plan. And as planned, he knocked Terabayashi-san unconscious and obtained the whole keychain, including the key for the laboratory. But things took an unexpected turn. He was witnessed by Tsutsumi Asuka-san. Professor Kawashima instinctively killed Asuka-san, in order to keep her mouth shut. Under this extreme circumstance Professor Kawashima desperately tried to find a way out to escape punishment. And the answer he came up with was to cut off Asuka-san's head. By doing so he'd be able to influence the police to think that this was a crime committed by Terabayashi-san, who is a modeler of character figures and Asuka-san's worshipper. Yes. And Professor Kawashima knew that Terabayashi-san has a murder prop. He knew that it would be best to frame Terabayashi-san as a bizarre murderer. Professor Kawashima cut off Asuka-san's head in the waiting room. Then he locked the door from outside with the key Terabayashi-san had. After hiding the head somewhere, he rushed to the laboratory at the university... and killed Kamikura-san as originally planned. He locked the laboratory's door with the key he took from Terabayashi-san. That key was left inside Terabayashi-san's car. After that, he went to the guard room to borrow the key for the laboratory and pretended to discover Kamikura-san's body and called the police. Finally, the next day he dropped the waiting room's key at the entrance of the public hall. This is how he created the situation extremely unfavorable for Terabayashi-san. That's all. What do you think? That's interesting. The idea that the culprit cut off Asuka-san's head to make it look like Terabayashi-san's crime is unique, I must say. But do you think, someone who could instantly come up with such an idea under the extreme circumstances would make a faulty plan like attacking Terabayashi-san with a blunt weapon and take the key? Well, you have a point. And where did he get the instrument, which he used to cut off the head? The instrument? It's unnatural to think that Professor Kawashima had a hatchet-like object from the beginning. Since he wasn't going to use such a thing in the first place. He must have gotten it from somewhere after killing Asuka-san. According to the estimated time of death the time difference between Asuka-san and Kamikura-san's death was only about one hour. Is it so easy to get something like a hatchet? You won't find it at the convenience store, I guess. I have doubts about whether he was able to obtain a hatchet cut off the head and carry it out in such a short period of time. I thought I was on the right track. I think it's actually forming a hypothesis. It's difficult in terms of time, but not impossible. Then it could be Professor Kawashima after all. Maybe we should be looking at this in a simpler way. What? How did the culprit create the lock-room situation? Was there any connection between the two incidents? Those questions are not important here. Then what do you think is important? What we need to pay attention to is the first incident, where Tsutsumi Asuka-san's head was cut off. The corpse without the head and the culprit existing inside the same room. That's the biggest proposition of this case. Oh, are you leaving already? Yeah, I have a dinner appointment. Hmm? So, what are you so angry about? Please enjoy your dinner. [Notice: Yokohama Modelers Festival has been cancelled.] Are you free now? - What? - Do you want to keep me company? Um... keep you company to do what? What do you want to do? If it's just to talk. OK. Are you sure? I can only talk about my dead sister, is that alright? Yes. Certainly, ma'am. Hey, I want to ask your opinion about something. What is it? It's about that incident. I think this man is suspicious. What do you think, Sohei-kun? [Tsutsumi Kiyoto] Um... what is this place? This is my workshop. This way. Come over here! Wait, Kiyoto-san! Oh, don't mind me. I'm going to take a bath, so you can drink whatever you like here. That reminds me of my sister. What? Your shape. Do you happen to have any idea who the culprit could be? The police asked me the same question, but I have no idea. Do you know about the incident at KIT, which took place at around the same time? Yeah, I know. It may be related to Asuka-san's incident. That's what I hear too. Did you know Kamikura Yuko-san, the murder victim? No, I didn't know her. Do you want some beer? No, thank you. What's wrong? Are you sick? Kiyoto-san, put on your clothes, please. You're making me very uncomfortable. Oh, that. Kiyoto-san, you don't build models? I've already graduated. I've done lots of different things since I was a kid. Plastic models, dioramas and character figures. And then, my work now. I really can't go back anymore. Male is built by female, you know? What? Oh, yes. Will you let me take some pictures later? Pictures of what? You. What are you going to do with them? I want to build a model. - Of you. - But you said you graduated from building models. You won't let me take pictures? Oh, I'd better go home now. Then let me show you something good. Since you came all the way here, and we haven't performed a funeral service for my sister yet. What are you going to do? Hold still. Tsutsumi Kiyoto has been creating lots of works, using the female figure as the subject. Like this, and this. But I wonder if he's really an artist? A human model maniac, who couldn't satisfy himself with ordinary character figures anymore. If you look at him from that angle, he could be dangerous. What is this? Okay, let's begin. Asuka used to love this. I'll make an exception and show it to you! Asuka-san... That's right. [Numerical Models] Subtitles by DramaFever I'm certain that we've only seen a mere part of it. Would you mind letting it be me, instead of her? The corpse without the head and the culprit existed inside the same room. For Kiyoto-kun, Asuka-san was the ultimate shape of all. Are you saying, something may still happen? That person who cut off the head is still standing nearby. If you kill her, I'll be sure to kill you. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 