The Perfect Insider: Season 1, Episode 9 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 The Perfect Insider 
 s1e9 - Episode #1.9 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 The Perfect Insider (2014–…): Season 1, Episode 9 - Episode #1.9 - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 [Spring 2002] Happy Birthday, Professor Nishinosono! Cheers! Happy Birthday, Dad! Thank you, Moe. Moe, you shouldn't keep your father to yourself when we have guests here. Oh, you don't mind, do you, Dad? One, two and three! - Unbelievable! - Moe-chan, you're amazing! How did she do that? Moe-chan, It's about your magic earlier. The trick is self?evident. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 What? It's physically impossible for a coin to pass through the box. So, there's no other way but to think that you hid the coin in your palm and another coin fell down, which you had already set up behind the box beforehand. Don't worry. Other people will never figure it out. [Summer 2010] I've gotten an marriage offer for Moe from the Hanawa family. Hanawa Rikiya-san. He's fairly young but already successful after starting up a company called Nanocraft. I see. And how did you respond, Dad? 'He can't take her, but I'll accept if he would marry into our family.' That's what I told them. I'll decide who I'm going to marry by myself. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Do you already have someone in mind? It's a secret. More importantly, let's figure out where we're going for the next trip, shall we? - Really? - Oh, yes. Here you go, take a look. [Fall 2010] Noooooooo! I was supposed to go with them. I was supposed to be on that airplane... with my father and mother. I was supposed to... die at the same time. Moe-chan, I brought some cake. Do you want to have some with me? I know you like sweets. Moe-chan? Miss Moe? Miss Moe, I'm coming in! Moe-chan! Moe-chan! Hurry up and call an ambulance! - Y... Yes, sir. - Moe-chan! Moe-chan! Moe-chan! Moe-chan... Moe-chan. Why...? I wonder why I'm the only one survived? I wonder what I'm living for? [Winter 2010] Moe is still... locking herself in her room. She hasn't seen anyone since that accident. And she hasn't been really eating, either. I will do anything I can to save her, as you do. But, ultimately it's she who decides what to do. Moe-chan, it's Saikawa. Everyone's worried about you. Will you please open this door? [The entrance ceremony of Jinnan University] [Spring 2012] Alright, it's a Kodak moment! - Yes. - Yes. Say cheese! Let's take some pictures with our cameras. Give me just a minute. Professor Saikawa! Congratulations, Nishinosono-kun. - Thank you very much. - Yeah. [Winter 2014] Ever since losing her parents in that accident Moe seems to be totally lack of emotion towards someone's death. It makes me feel that she doesn't even treasure her own life. Perhaps... I wonder if Moe still has her yearning for death somewhere deep inside. [Winter 2015] I hear the cake from this place is very delicious. Let's eat together, Professor Saikawa. Shall we stand a candle on the cake for celebration? Eh, how come? To celebrate the completion of your graduation thesis. Professor Saikawa is going to celebrate for me? This is just like a dream! It was a pretty interesting subject. You've studied very hard for the last four years. What's got into you all of a sudden? You sound like we're separating soon. Remember, we still have the seminar trip. Yeah, the seminar trip. Since the Magata Laboratory last year, isn't it? I just wanted to play outside like this. I wonder what Dr. Magata is doing now? I know I didn't receive a Christmas card from her yet. We're coming in. Oh! Having some cake with just the two of you? To celebrate the completion of my graduate thesis. How's your master's thesis coming, Hamanaka-san? Well, it's still... Hamanaka-kun, you know you can't repeat the master's course once again. I know that. Let's have some cake together. Yay! Cake, cake... a plate, plate... A plate for the cake. - Well, then... Mont Blanc! A Mont Blanc! - That's mine. [Hanawa Rikiya] What did you talk about with her? No, she was concentrated in her work, so I couldn't speak to her. What about Nishinosono-san? She's arriving soon, so I'm going to meet her at the hotel. I'm looking forward to it. President Hanawa, can I talk to you for a minute? It's about the algorithm software for the Cybetpit Corporation. I think we should re-examine the project-- Haven't we already finished the requirement analysis? All you have to do is to write codes according to my design, within the deadline. [Matsumoto Takuya] Yes, sir. And... - one more thing. - What is it? One of the researchers saw some lady in white came out of there in the middle of the night. Is there someone in the backroom of the laboratory, by any chance? That's... a top secret. But... everyone's been scared ever since the Dark Knight incident occurred. - If they're scared, they can work elsewhere. - No, I didn't mean that. Matsumoto-kun. I really have high hopes for you. [Euro Park] You're going all the way to Euro Park for the seminar trip? Apparently the late parents of Nishinosono-kun were the large shareholders of Nanocraft which owns and runs Euro Park. [Gido Setsuko] I see, and Nishinosono-san inherited the stocks. Yeah, so we were able to rent the cottage at the park at a special discount rate. I envy you! It must be so nice to have some rich girl as your student. When are you leaving? We're leaving in three days, but Nishinoso-kun is going before us to dine with the president. Are you okay with that, Sohei-kun? What do you mean? Isn't the president of Nanocraft Hanawa Rikiya, who has been called a second Bill Gates? I'd say he's probably the most successful person in the IT world right now. And he's also super good looking. He may snatch Nishinosono-san from you. She's not in my possession. Are you Nishinosono Moe-san? Yes. My name is Shinjo, a secretary to the president at Nanocraft. Thank you for having me here. Is the building behind this the headquarters of Nanocraft? Yes, the headquarters is in the back and the one in front is the hotel wing. I see, it seems like a pretty strange world to me. Is there something wrong? No, it's just that Hanawa is always bragging that his fiancee is a real beauty. No, no, no! Um, I'm not his fiancee, officially. It was our parents who decided that by themselves when I was a child. I'm sure President Hanawa was just kidding. Speaking of Nanocraft, do you know about Criterion? Criterion? It's an online game developed by Nanocraft. The executive supervisor is, of course the much-talked-about good-looking genius, Hanawa Rikiya. The wife from next door said it was fun, so I gave it a try. And now I'm totally into it. You play the video game, huh? But, the ending of the game is pretty strange and has become a topic of conversation lately. After beating the final-stage monster, the main character moves forward in the hallway. But, there's a little mechanical spring lying down on the way and you'll see waterfalls as you move further. On the last door you finally arrive at, there's a poster which says: He and she are completely opposite. But the upper half of her is the lower half of him. When the upper half is him, the lower half is her. When they cross the waters, the two of them get the same tail. And, when you open that door, a monk is waiting for you and says in the end: You, the chosen one. Kneel down here and receive a piece of bread from our father. And the game is over. Very ambiguous, isn't it? Hmm. [Mr. Hanawa Rikiya talks about 'What's the spirit of craftsmanship?'] Oh, Seto-san. What can I do for you? Brought you a farewell gift before moving out. You shouldn't have. Just a minute, please. Sorry to keep you waiting. Your room number is 343. The dinner with the president has been set up at 6:00 p.m. I'll come and get you, so could you please wait in the bar on the first floor, 10 minutes before? Yes. I'll see you later, then. I'll be going now. Thank you very much. [The prey of death. Only for that death, your wish is granted.] [The world is just the wandering relationship in the bottom of the drain.] Hello. It's me, Moe. Professor Saikawa, what are you doing right now? I'm talking to you on the phone. I'm in my hotel room at Euro Park now but there was a riddle written on the notepad here. What kind of riddle? The prey of death. Only for that death, your wish is granted. The world is just the wandering relationship in the bottom of the drain. Do you know what it is? I've solved the problem. What follows these phrases is-- The death of Nishinosono Moe. Yes, that'll complete a palindrome, a sentence which reads the same backward as forward. Do you think this is some kind of threat? Probably just a prank or something. You don't have to worry about it. Is that all? You were much nicer to me the other day. It wouldn't hurt if you worry about me a little bit more-- Sorry, I have the preparation for my class tomorrow and the deadline for the manuscript so I don't have time for that now. I'll come over in three days as planned so why don't you relax and enjoy until then? Bye now. Are you by yourself? Yes, but why? Then, you'd better watch out for... the Dark Knight. The Dark Knight? About a month ago, a female employee of Nanocraft witnessed a man being killed in front of the artillery gun inside the park, while she was jogging. But... the corpse had been disappeared when the police arrived. She kept saying that an armored knight killed a man, but no one believed her. Um... you're just puzzling me by telling such a story all of a sudden-- There's something terrible lurking in this Euro Park, you know? Thank you for waiting. I'll show you the way. Oh, yes. Please. Oh, there's a basement? We keep this a secret, actually. Please. This way. So, there's a research facility of Nanocraft underground of Euro Park? Yes, but even within our company, only a limited number of people know about this place. This is an elevator exclusively for the company executives. You'll have to wait and see where it takes you. Wait and see? After you. Go ahead. Good evening. I've decided to meet you in this place a long time ago. A, E, H, R, and T. How many text strings in total can be made with these five characters? 120. When you arrange them in alphabetical order, what number is the earth? 28. - Then-- - You're going to ask about position 55? I'm very honored to meet you. I'm Hanawa Rikiya. Don't you have something more difficult for me? You exceeded my expectations. I should have asked you to come sooner. But, if I had met you earlier, I probably wouldn't have done any work at all. I'm sure there wouldn't have been any time for it. I'm Nishinosono Moe. Thank you very much for your invitation. Not at all. I invited you because I had a secret intention. Are you expecting something in return? Yes, but I've already gotten half of it by just meeting you. And what about the other half? Who knows? I can't even imagine. Shall we have some drink in my room? Just the two of us. Excuse me, Hanawa-san. This may come off sounding rude, but I have to make myself clear about something. What is it? I must confess, there is someone I like. I already know. It's Professor Saikawa, isn't it? How did you know? Because there's nobody more privileged with the ability to gather information than I am. Did you check up on me? I've been getting whatever I want all my life. And I've never failed, not even once. But, I... Please be assured. I'm much too wise not to do anything reckless. Why don't we have dinner some other time? I'll send room service for you, so please relax in your room for tonight. What is this underground passage for? Shinjo-san! Are you alright? He fell down... from above! Please go and get someone from the hotel. Nishinosono-san? Eh! He's dead. Matsumoto-san.... Do you know him? He's one of our employees! Hurry up and get someone, please! [The Perfect Insider] [Episode 9] Subtitles by DramaFever Excuse me! Someone! What's the matter? Please call the police! There's someone inside the chapel-- Shinjo-san, what happened? Shinjo-san, please tell us what exactly happened. Matsumoto-san left... through the skylight. - Through the skylight? - Yes. When I realized it, he was upside down being pulled up from above and out of the window. And at that moment, his arm... his arm fell down. You mean, there was someone up there? I don't know. You were the only one at the crime scene. We can only count on your testimony. Shinjo-san, please try hard to remember what happened! I don't know! I don't even know what's what anymore... Can I rest for a little while? I understand. Room number 2401 in the head-office building is where you live, correct? Yes. I'm going to have the police officer stand by in front of your room. Is that alright with you? Yes. - Excuse me. - This way, please. Um, Detective Shibaike, was it? Yes, what can I do for you? Can I see the crime scene? I may be able to remember something. Eh, but... Please? It's five meters to the ceiling. Eh, oh yes. How did you know? It's impossible to pull someone up there by human power. Unless you use a pulley or some kind of electric power. You're right, but there was no such tool left on the roof. Not even a trace of someone up there. What's on your mind? You know about the incident where a man was murdered by the knight dressed in the armor inside this park about a month ago, don't you? Oh, that was just a misunderstanding by the witness. But, it's the same as this incident that the corpse disappeared. Did you find Matsumoto-san's body? We haven't discovered it yet. There isn't any other exit here, other than the main entrance. And also you and the hotel staff were outside. So, leaving through the skylight seems to be the only possible way... Well... I know there's a secret elevator. A secret elevator? This way. Huh? Where's the elevator you were talking about? No, it was definitely here. Could it be a lapse in your memory? No, I swear it's true! I came here by the elevator for sure! Shinjo-san must remember it! She showed me the way. Shinjo-san did? Yes. I understand. She promised to let us resume questioning later. I'll ask her about it then. Please take me with you. Well, but... I want to know the truth of what happened here! Would you mind waiting for a little while? I'm going to get dressed. Certainly. Nishinosono-san? What are you doing here? I'm here to see Shinjo-san. I'm sure you've heard about the incident already. Yes, we just came here to ask Shinjo-kun about the details of what happened. Oh, this is Fujiwara-san, the vice president of the company. He's been looking after me as a senior since my college days. I'm Fujiwara. Nice to meet you. I'm Nishinosono Moe. Help! Shinjo-san! What's wrong? - Please open the door! - Shinjo-kun! Are you alright, Shinjo-kun? - Shinjo-san! - Where's the master key? This is Fujiwara. Bring the master key to Room 2401. - As soon as possible! - Shinjo-san! Please don't! - This is it. - Okay. What's the matter? Please stand back. Shinjo-san! How's Shinjo-kun? She's already dead. Please stay here, all of you. Kono and Toda. - Yes, sir. - Yes, sir. It's dangerous! How was it? There's no one inside the room. Nishinosono-san! The windows were all locked from inside in the bedroom as well. After hearing her scream, there was only a short period of time before we opened the door. And there's no place to hide. The windows were all locked in the bedroom and living room. There's no other exit. [A mechanical spring and waterfalls.] Will you please step out of the room so that we can preserve the crime scene? Yes. Let's leave, Nishinosono-san. This way. Kono. - Find out more details about the situation. - Yes, sir. Um... Detective Shibaike. Oh, Nishinosono-san. Were you still here? Should I have someone escort you to your room? What was the cause of Shinjo-san's death? Why do you ask? Please tell me. There were two stab wounds to the chest. She appears to be stabbed with a sharp instrument. How about the weapon? We haven't discovered it yet. Actually, we don't even know how the culprit escaped outside the room. There may be an elevator or a door hidden somewhere, like the chapel. There are no such things. But... I had my people searching all over the chapel as well, but there was no elevator. Eh? Hanawa Rikiya-san also testified that such an elevator doesn't exist. Oh, Nishinosono-san! Hanawa-san, why are you lying? Lie? Last night, I took the underground passage and went to that chapel by the elevator, didn't I? I did meet you at the chapel. But, you came through the main entrance, if I remember correctly. No, I took the underground passage and got on the elevator to the chapel... You must have had too much drink at the bar. I wasn't drunk at all! In any case, I don't know anything about the elevator. Does this mean you have something to do with these incidents? Watch your tongue! Nishinosono-san. Why are you so keen on the criminal investigation? Eh? Two people were murdered right in your presence. I would expect you to be either more scared or depressed, in ordinary circumstances. Anyway, you'd better get some rest. - Let me take you back to your room. - No, thank you. I can go back by myself. Nishinosono-kun! Nishinosono-kun! It's me! Professor Saikawa... Good morning. What are you doing here? I drove all night from Yokohama. Professor Saikawa... This is like a dream. Something must have happened, as I thought. Two people have been murdered. Let's get out of here first. If what you've just told me is true, it's like seeing someone else's dream. It is true. It feels like I wandered into the amusement park of nightmare. You said you were coming in three days on the phone yesterday. Why did you come here for me so soon? I lied. Because I thought your phone might be tapped. Tapped? I wanted to make it appear that I wasn't here yet. Why is that? This is the problem, which a certain person prepared for the two of us. If I join you, that'll be playing right into her hands. Who's that person? Why don't you remember three numbers? Numbers? What was the number of the artillery gun where the Dark Knight incident occurred? 49. What's your room number? 343. Which room was Shinjo-san murdered in? 2401. Did you realize? 49 is seven squared. 343 is seven cubed. And, 2401 is seven to the power four. Out of all numbers, only seven is the lonely number. That can't be... Dr. Magata Shiki? What made me realize that was a video game developed by Nanocraft. A video game? It's an online game called Criterion and a mechanical spring and waterfalls appear for no reason at the end. A mechanical spring and waterfalls. There was a memo left in Shinjo-san's room, which had those same words written. Also, a message like this appears in this video game: He and she are completely opposite. But the upper half of her is the lower half of him. When the upper half is him, the lower half is her. When they cross the waters, the two of them get the same tail. I got it. They are summer and winter. I think so. They are opposite seasons but, in Kanji characters the upper half of winter is the same as the lower half of summer. In countries overseas, they are 'summer' and 'winter' in English. Both words end in '-er.' Then, what do you think a mechanical spring and waterfalls mean? A mechanical spring and waterfalls are associated with 'spring' and 'fall.' Right. Except the word 'waterfalls' is in the plural form in English. When you put all of them together, they are the four seasons. That's 'shiki' in Japanese. Dr. Magata had secretly weaved her message into that video game. There must be Dr. Magata Shiki behind this case. You mean, she's hiding somewhere in this Euro Park? Let's go home, Nishinosono-kun. Eh? It's too dangerous. It's certain that Dr. Magata is interested in you. 'The death of Nishinosono Moe.' That was also a message from Dr. Magata. Does it mean I'm going to be murdered? I don't know. But, killing you is as easy as pushing the delete key on the computer keyboard for Dr. Magata. Even if I run now, I'm sure the same thing will keep happening to me in some other place. Also... I'd like to know the reason why Dr. Magata is so interested in me. Nishinosono-kun. It's the same for you, isn't it? You've been swayed by Dr. Magata all this time. And that's why you're still keeping that toy block as a souvenir, right? I admit that I admire Dr. Magata's talent. But, you-- Let's find Dr. Magata. And we'll hear it from her in person. Understood. First, tell me every single thing you've seen so far. It's so exciting, isn't it? What kind of face Nishinosono-san will make at the last moment? I get a chill by just imagining that. Do you think she'll play along until the end? This is a program. [Magata Shiki] Only God can stop it. I can't think that the culprit pulled up the corpse to the roof and escaped with it. I agree. There's no need to go to such trouble. Then, where did the corpse disappear? There's no other way but to think it was the secret elevator. And if that's the case, Shinjo-san gave a false testimony. Perhaps Shinjo-san put the corpse in the elevator by herself. But, the elevator has been vanished, hasn't it? Someone camouflaged the entrance to the elevator as a warehouse by closing it. Or perhaps there has been a set up to hide the elevator entrance to begin with. Hmm... Who would prepare such things? I think Hanawa Rikiya-san has something to do with this. At least he knows about the elevator, but is lying about it. Then, how about the incident where Shinjo-san was murdered? I can't even come up with a hypothesis on that. Since the culprit wouldn't have been able to escape outside. Nishinosono-kun, what's important here is that impossible murders took place in your presence. Impossible? Yeah. These two incidents are physically impossible to commit. That's the biggest proposition of this case. That can't be... Let's get some rest for today. You haven't slept either, have you? How about you? I'll take a nap in my car. I don't want her to find out that I'm here, as long as I can. Nishinosono-kun. Be careful. You too. Perhaps... I wonder if Moe still has her yearning for death somewhere deep inside. Hello, Nishinosono-san. Now I know, Hanawa-san. Everything is... Dr. Magata Shiki's program, isn't it? Just as I thought, you're the right woman for me. Shall we go to my room and continue our conversation? Yes. I rarely bring people here. Would you like something to drink? I have some liquor, too. Do you have some sparkling water? Yes. Here it is. So, you accepted Dr. Magata into Nanocraft. Yes, I know there's a rumor like that. Where's Dr. Magata? Who knows? Even if she's here, that's a top secret. 'Dr. Magata is at Nanocraft.' Just having a rumor like that becomes your advantage in business, doesn't it? Nishinosono-san, you're a very interesting person. Why don't you join me and hang out here? Are you asking me to become your business partner? As well as in private. If you say yes, I'll tell you the top secret. Your charm, talent, and assets are worth enough for that. I will not accept that offer. I'll find out whereabout of Dr. Magata all by myself. Is that so? But... I always get whatever I want. By using the best method available. Are you alright? I... Who's there? I missed you, Nishinosono-san. Dr. Magata. What are you going to do to me? Nothing. That's something you decide yourself. Why... isn't the skylight? Is this a reality? Or, is it a dream? What is the reality anyway? What is the point? Who on earth are you? Eh? You're sheltered and isolated. I must say, that's a very rare form. You live in the world of illusion by yourself. Your time has stopped ever since your parents died in that accident. You've been dreaming while shutting yourself in your room. That's not true. Have you been going to the university for real? Are you really a student of Professor Saikawa? Stop it... Nishinosono-san, are you still alive? Stop it now! Why are you doing this to me? You meddle and invade other people's lives. What are you doing these cruel things for? Is what human desires his daily bread that keeps him alive? Or, is it all of human history? You will see a very mysterious thing once again. Eh? There will be another murder. Please stop it! You must understand how meaningless and what an unstable virtual image the reality is. For heaven's sake, Dr. Magata! Please stop it already... [The Perfect Outsider] Please don't! Dr. Magata Shiki may be hiding inside this park. The knight dressed in the armor did it. Nishinosono-san will be murdered by the end of the day. Nishinosono-kun! You've known this all along. I think you and Dr. Magata are alike. Moe! It's Professor Saikawa... This isn't a dream, is it? Good evening. Let's go together... with me. Please wait, Professor Saikawa! Subtitles by DramaFever 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 