The Perfect Insider: Season 1, Episode 10 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 The Perfect Insider 
 s1e10 - Episode #1.10 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 The Perfect Insider (2014–…): Season 1, Episode 10 - Episode #1.10 - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Previously on 'The Perfect Insider.' Serial murders at the theme park. In one incident, the corpse vanished with leaving just its arm behind. In the other, the culprit vanished in the perfectly locked room. Dr. Magata Shiki must be behind this case. You mean, she's hiding somewhere in Euro Park? 'The death of Nishinosono Moe.' That was also a message from Dr. Magata. Moe's fiancee, Hanawa Rikiya, was connected to Magata Shiki. After getting caught in Hanawa's trap, Moe finally met Shiki face-to-face. - Dr. Magata. - There will be another murder. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 For heaven's sake! Please stop it already... [Nishinosono Moe] Professor Saikawa, this isn't a dream, is it? That's my understanding at least. What's the definition of reality? It's an illusion which appears in human thought only at the moment when he wonders what the definition of reality is. It doesn't exist in the first place. Are you saying, there's no meaning in such things as reality? Dr. Magata was saying something similar to that. You and Dr. Magata are... very much alike. The structure of yours is very similar to mine. I tell you, a detective should be on the run all the time. That's the basics. [Ukai Daisuke - Detective] [Katagiri Mokoto - Detective] 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Hello, this is Ukai. Oh, Detective Ukai. This is Nishinosono. Oh, Nishinosono-san? I'm in Nagono City in Aichi Prefecture right now. And I called my uncle for an urgent matter, but he didn't answer the phone. Oh, the chief is on a business trip to Los Angeles and he won't be back til tomorrow. Is that so? Then, will you do me a favor instead? Yes, please tell me if there's anything I can do. For Nishinosono-san, this Ukai Daisuke will do anything with all my heart. I saw Magata Shiki. What? What? What? What? You mean, that Magata Shiki? It's Euro Park, which is operated by the computer software company, Nanocraft. Dr. Magata Shiki is hiding somewhere in there. Please make a request for the immediate search. Understood. I'll contact the Aichi Prefectural Police and make an arrangement right away. We received a call from the Kanagawa Prefectural Police. I heard that you had seen Magata Shiki inside Euro Park. So, you know about Dr. Magata, Detective Shibaike? Of course, I know. Dr. Magata has something to do with the murders of Matsumoto-san and Shinjo-san. Also, she warned me that there would be another murder. What? Where's Dr. Magata? She's somewhere in the research facility beneath the hotel, isn't she? What are you talking about? You drugged me and took me to the place where Dr. Magata was, didn't you? Is the Dr. Magata you're talking about the famous Dr. Magata Shiki? Don't play innocent, please. Perhaps I shouldn't say this but Nishinosono-san came here yesterday - and drank too much, then fell asleep. - Liquor? So, I had no choice but to take her back to her room. That's a lie! Hanawa-san. Magata Shiki is the culprit of serial murders. If you're sheltering her, you'll be charged with a crime as well. Do you have any specific evidence? Or do the police run their investigation solely based on some woman's vague memory? If you're going to investigate, please get the search warrant first. I have someone waiting, so if you'll excuse me. He sounds pretty confident, doesn't he? That's because he's a genius. Please forgive him. Hello, Kunieda-kun? What happened to you? - [Kunieda Momoko - Research Associate] - Isn't this the first time you skipped the class? I'm sorry, but will you do me a favor and submit the faculty meeting documents to the office? I've already done that. Thank you. I'm going to tell this only to you, but I'm actually at Euro Park right now. The seminar trip doesn't start until tomorrow, does it? To tell you the truth, Dr. Magata Shiki may be hiding inside this park. Why are you telling me this? Sure enough, what an excellent research associate you are! Take care of the rest for me. Nishinosono-san. - [Fujiwara Hiroshi, Vice President of Nanocraft] - Can you spare me a few minutes, please? Eh? I've always wanted to have a talk with Hanawa Rikiya's fiancee. I also have something I want to ask you. Can you think of any reason why Matsumoto-san and Shinjo-san were killed? I have no idea. But, I heard the rumor that they were dating at one time. They were dating? Yes. This is Saikawa speaking. Did you deliberately make that phone call when you knew I was listening in? Yes. I appreciate you taking the bait... Dr. Magata Shiki. Hanawa Rikiya started Nanocraft when he was still at university and he's made the company grow into the best software company in the world. But, do you know why he built an artificial town in a place like this? Eh? To invite you over. Hanawa just wanted to meet a girl named Nishinosono Moe in a dramatic way at the chapel in the land of dreams. I decided to meet you in this place a long time ago. To be honest, this is making me really angry. Why does a leading software development company like Nanocraft have to make huge investment in order to build an old-fashioned town like this? It's so ridiculous. Oh, yes! I'll show you something good. Something good? Dr. Magata, where are you right now? You already know the answer. You're hiding somewhere in Euro Park, aren't you? You were hiding as well. Why did you call me? I'm going to give you a piece of advice, regarding Nishinosono-san. I'm such a meddler, aren't I? What are you going to do to her? According to my calculation Nishinosono-san will be murdered by the end of the day. Please get on the elevator at the hotel. I'll show you the way. This is it. What's this place for? This is our research facility for new technology. Please come this way. This is the room for testers. And this is the imaging room. I see. I have some preparations to do, so will you please wait in the next room? Oh, yes. Fujiwara-san, what are you doing? Just showing the state-of-the-art technology of Nanocraft to our major shareholder. Now, go ahead and start. Wow! Wow, this is amazing! It's a hologram, isn't it? I prefer to look a little younger, but... unfortunately it reproduces accurately to an inch. Is it synchronized with your movement in the next room? Yes. It's only one-way at this point, but will become bidirectional in the future. I can meet you no matter how far we're apart. Who is that person? What person? There's a knight dressed in armor... Eh, Fujiwara-san? Who are you? Nishinosono-san. I'm right here. Dr. Magata! I can even enter into your body. And into your sealed memory as well. Please don't! Please don't! Nishinosono-san, what's wrong? Nishinosono-kun! Nishinosono-kun! Nishinosono-kun! [Dr. Magata Shiki] Nishinosono-san. Come out from there. Because you're crying, everybody else can't play. Did my father and mother... die? That's right. Did I also...? No, you're alive. Why? Other Moes around you have been hiding from the crying you. You, who have a yearning for death. What will happen when I die? Some other Moe will replace you. And she'll cry instead. Then... let me die, only me. Please? Just go ahead and die if that's what you want. That's right. Death is merely a reset. Nishinosono-kun! Nishinosono-kun! Nishinosono-kun! Professor Saikawa... Nishinosono-kun! Nishinosono-kun! - Professor Saikawa. - Are you alright? Dr. Magata entered into my body. She told me to go ahead and die, so I... Calm down. Just calm down. Everything is alright now. You must be Professor Saikawa. I apologize for intruding like this all of a sudden Fujiwara-san got stabbed with a knife... An armored knight appeared from nowhere and Fujiwara-san got stabbed. But, that was just a hologram. It's not like he was stabbed for real. Call the police immediately. What? He's been killed. That can't be... [The Perfect Insider] [Episode 10] Subtitles by DramaFever It was Dr. Magata who killed Fujiwara-san. The armored knight was Dr. Magata. What you saw was a hologram. The murder took place in the locked room. It's another impossible murder. Nishinosono-san. Detective Shibaike. We just came back from the crime scene. Another strange incident, isn't it? What about the culprit who stabbed Fujiwara-san? We have no idea. However, a female researcher, who was in the control room at the time, has disappeared. Was she the one wearing a mask? She's a temporary employee, who was hired about a month ago under the false name of Kuwahara Midori. We've already set up checkpoints around the park so she won't be able to run away. Isn't it possible for her to hide somewhere inside this building? That's why we're going to run a door-to-door investigation. Every hotel guest will be transferred to the rental villas inside the park after identity verification. What's the matter? You look pale. You've known this all along. Of course. An error in the program God had created. That's the human race. I wonder how Hanawa Rikiya, the genius, will handle this? Erase Nishinosono-san and Professor Saikawa, who happened to witness the murder. By any chance, do you already have a plan to kill me also? Perhaps... the escaped woman in a mask might have been Dr. Magata. That's certainly a possibility I can't deny. Since she has experience disguising herself as her sister during that case last year. Ms. Kunieda and Hamanaka-san. What are you two doing here? Ms. Kunieda forced me to come one day early for putting on a last spurt on my master's thesis. This is a special training camp for him. Kunieda-kun, it can't possibly be, so did you come early because you were worried about...? No. I just wanted to find out what was happening here. There have been several murders inside Euro Park. Murders? By any chance, does a woman wearing a mask have something to do with those murders? Eh? How did you know that? We saw her on the other side of the lake just a while ago. What do you think she's doing? Professor Saikawa. Yeah. Matsumoto-san. [Matsumoto Takuya - Programmer] Huh? His arm is intact. Why? An artificial town. Fantasy and reality. The Dark Knight. The torn arm. The secret elevator. Perfectly locked room. Impossible murder. A hologram. 'And receive a piece of bread from our father.' Magata Shiki. So, they've actually been showing us a dream all along, haven't they? You have no choice but to accept. - This proposition has been proved. - This proposition has been proved. Professor Saikawa? Professor? Are you alright? Let's go, Nishinosono-kun. Come in. Good heavens! Here is a well-matched couple. Hanawa-san. We've found Matsumoto-san's corpse by the lake. Is that so? I wonder if someone was trying to dispose it in the lake? Now your plan is all over. Did you figure out all of it? The trick in this case? Yes. This whole thing was planned for Nishinosono-san, you know? Just like the world in the video game, I thought I could create the reality in any way I wanted. You tried to use Dr. Magata Shiki. I received an email a year ago. The sender was... Magata Shiki. The genius programmer, who is said to be the closest to God was proposing to become my business partner. Can you imagine how excited I was? I thought I could make use of Magata Shiki. But... a human can't possibly control God, you know? She is the true genius. I'm no more than a mediocre person who is good at pretending to be a genius. Hanawa-san... Hanawa-san, will you please lend us the pass key to get on the elevator for the executives? We're going to see Dr. Magata. Are you sure you want to do that? Even all that must be already in the program Dr. Magata has written, you know? Yes, I suppose so. Good evening. Dr. Magata. Isn't it beautiful? Life also comes and goes, you know? We're from the Kanagawa Prefectural Police. Where's Nishinosono Moe-san? Huh? Nishinosono-san and Professor Saikawa? What, what, what? Magata Shiki? - They're in the chapel. - Yeah, the chapel. - And where is it? - This way. Oh, okay. - Hurry up! - Yes! Since the murder case a year ago you've been sheltered by Hanawa Rikiya-san and hiding in this chapel all this time. Yes, I've been waiting for you two. Ukai! Where's Moe? She's inside the chapel! [Nishinosono Shosuke - Moe's uncle] What's going on? She was in here for sure. Get Hanawa Rikiya of Nanocraft. I want to talk to him. Eh? As soon as possible! - Yes, sir! - Yes, sir! I've solved the problem. It takes about four seconds to go from the first floor down to the basement of the hotel. But, with the executive elevator we just took... it only took about two seconds from the basement to get here. That means, this is not at the ground level, but still underground. They built the exact same chapel underneath the one on the ground. And that's why the skylight in this chapel was never broken. I hope that you now understand a little bit about how meaningless and what an unstable virtual image the reality is. Will you tell us what we've been seeing for the last two days here? Professor Saikawa already knows the answer. Impossible murders took place many times in our presence. But if we stack up only the facts, the answer is self-evident. Only the facts? First, there was Matsumoto Takuya-san's corpse in the chapel on the ground level. Next, when Nishinosono-kun looked, the corpse had vanished. That's the only fact. No one verified the phenomena in Shinjo-san's testimony in which the corpse went out through the skylight and his arm fell down afterward. You're right. Shinjo-san could have been lying about that. How about the incident where Shinjo-san was killed? The culprit wasn't hiding in that room. All windows were locked from inside and the room was totally inaccessible. Those are the facts. There's only one answer which can be derived from these facts. Shinjo-san wasn't dead. That is, she hadn't been murdered. Eh, that can't be... Nishinosono-kun, did you confirm whether Shinjo-san was dead or not? No, but Detective Shibaike did... I'm assuming that only your observation is the fact here. In that case, it's only reasonable to think he was lying. Detective Shibaike was lying? Not just him. The police officers, the forensics, and the ambulance crew. If you consider all of them were fake every mysterious phenomena can be explained. But, I also contacted Detective Ukai in the middle. Your phone call was tapped. I'll contact the Aichi Prefectural Police and make an arrangement right away. Before he contacted the Aichi Prefectural Police headquarters Shibaike-san must have called Detective Ukai to follow up. Hello, this is Ukai speaking. I got your phone number from Nishinosono-san. My name is Shibaike of the Aichi Prefectural Police. And he told Detective Ukai that he would report to the headquarters himself. While breaking your contact with the outside like that they were showing you a magnificent play using the staff of Euro Park. A play? But, don't you remember Matsumoto-san and Fujiwara-san were both killed for real? No one was supposed to die in the original plan. What? As well as the Dark Knight incident the murders of Matsumoto-san, Shinjo-san, and Fujiwara-san. They were supposed to be all fake. After Fujiwara-san was killed, all the people you thought were dead would make their appearance. The plot must have been something like that. Eh? Then, the masked woman was Shinjo-san? Yeah. What an elaborate prank, don't you think? Why would they do such a thing? President Hanawa set it up in order to get your attention, Nishinosono-kun. Were you surprised? This whole thing was planned for Nishinosono-san, you know? But, how did it turn into the real murders? The culprit is Shinjo-san. Shinjo-san? She's coming! Now, do as we planned. Shinjo-san personally decided to change the plan and murdered Matsumoto-san for real. Why did she do that? It was her personal grudge. Was there something between them because they used to date? It's a truly average reason, so there's no need to explain. Shinjo-san took advantage of the fake murder. Because no one would think that Matsumoto-san was killed for real. And she was planning to cover it up by making it appear that Matsumoto-san had disappeared afterward. Oh! But, I happened to check on Matsumoto-san's corpse. Shinjo-san must have been surprised by that. She never thought you would touch the corpse. Hurry up and get someone! In order to cover up her crime, she had to come up with a new plan. A new plan? Right. That's why she killed Vice President Fujiwara. At the time, before he was projected as a hologram Shinjo-san had already killed Fujiwara-san. Then, what appeared in front of me? Shinjo-san had prepared the video and audio beforehand. He's been killed. That can't be... And at that time, President Hanawa finally realized the fake murder had been switched to the real one. If she takes things that far President Hanawa will cover up the whole crime. That's how Shinjo-san anticipated. I say it's an extremely fragile plan but President Hanawa would have done so. But, I'm not going to keep silent about that. In that case, you would have gone missing. You mean, I would have been killed? And that's why you called me out to the crime scene where Fujiwara-san was killed. The person who drew up this plan was you, Dr. Magata. Yes. It was an experiment to assess the gap between fantasy and reality. But, you were aware of the possibility that this plan might be turned into real murders. Because a human is a defective product. Why did you do such things to me? In order to examine your unique structure. My structure? Because of the death of your parents you're blindly blocking an emotion towards someone's death for self-defense. That's why you've always been able to look into the case even when you see terrible murders with your own eyes. You can't just decide like that. And... you have a yearning for death within yourself. Your mental absence was very similar to a mental distortion I experienced when I was young. Similar to yours? So, I wanted to examine how you were keeping yourself balanced. What was the answer? It's Professor Saikawa. You make up for your imperfection by placing Professor Saikawa in the opposite end of yourself destined to death. You must be aware of it yourself. The fact that you've been kept alive by the presence of Professor Saikawa. Let's solve the problem together. From Saikawa. You've finally let yourself cry, Nishinosono-san. You're alright now. Dr. Magata. You actually did everything to save Nishinosono-kun...? Nishinosono-san. You should set Professor Saikawa free already. What I'm after is you, Professor Saikawa. You have the same structure as mine. You're not mixed together. Good and evil. Light and darkness. There are several of you inside. But, you're sacrificing yourself in order to protect Nishinosono-san. I wanted you to become free. I'm sure that's what you want deep inside your heart. That can't be... Am I right, Professor Saikawa? Come with me... together. Wait, Professor Saikawa. To the ideal world, where you get the pure pleasure of thinking without any interruption. Don't go, Professor Saikawa! Professor Saikawa! Please don't go, Professor Saikawa! Professor Saikawa! Professor Saikawa! Professor Saikawa! Professor Saikawa! Professor Saikawa! Moe! Moe! Are you alright? Moe! Professor Saikawa went... Nishinosono-san! Where's Magata Shiki? - There's a stairway. - Run after them! - Yes, sir! - Yes, sir! Moe? Moe! I've always wanted to walk with you like this for hours. Me too, Dr. Magata. Why do you think I do things like this? I've been admiring you all this time. I wanted to live my life like you. I wanted to know the world you were seeing. Where do you think we're going now? We can go anywhere we want. Human bodies can't transcend time and space. However, our thought is free. It can leap anywhere. There'll be no need to take action anymore. Right. Since body movement is just a waste of time and energy. Yes. Being alive is actually a waste itself. Professor Saikawa. I've been already dead for ages. There's no need for me to mingle with society or even to bite off a piece of bread. I can just immerse myself in the world of thought. What a luxury you have. That's true freedom, isn't it? But, Dr. Magata. Isn't it too... lonely? Loneliness is an emotion that belongs to someone who needs others. Do you think someone like me needs help from other people? No, you don't need it. But, I'm not a genius like you. In order to continue living, I must mingle with other people and bite off a piece of bread. It's time to say good-bye, Professor Saikawa. When we see each other next it'll probably be when one of us is dead. Didn't you just tell me you've been dead this whole time? Yes, many times over. Perhaps I may be the same. What will you do if I die? I'll quit smoking for that one day. If you die, I want to let myself cry. Just for once, I want to let myself cry. I hope you can do it. Me, too. Dr. Magata. I'm going to return this to you. So long. So long. Moe. Why don't you go inside? Where's Professor Saikawa? We haven't found him yet. Uncle Shosuke. Professor Saikawa was really there, wasn't he? What? He was always by my side, wasn't he? What are you talking about? Professor Saikawa could be... Professor Saikawa. Professor Saikawa! Good morning, Nishinosono-kun. Where have you been? I went walking on the beach with Dr. Magata. What? In the virtual space, of course. The Dr. Magata we were seeing was a hologram. She was never at Euro Park from the beginning. Why did you come back? Hmm? Well, because I got hungry. Hologram bread can't fill my empty stomach, you know? Didn't you want to live your life like Dr. Magata in the world of pure thought without mingling with other people? Even though I don't look like it, I actually have bad tastes. This, for example. It'll be so annoying that I can't smoke. Also, there are times food tastes better if I'm eating with someone. Now, let's have some breakfast together. Are you sure you're okay... if I'm with you from now on? Nishinosono-kun. That problem is not important here. Eh? The answer is self-evident. Subtitles by DramaFever [Master's Thesis by Hamanaka Fukashi] Well? Ms. Kunieda? Okay. Ms. Kunieda! Ou...ch! Sorry! - Here's a souvenir from the trip. - Thanks. Did you buy these cookies at the murder scene? - I'll make some tea. - Thank you. Oh, Professor Saikawa! I've solved the problem. Which problem are you talking about? It was Gido-san's neighbor who told her about the video game created by Nanocraft, wasn't it? So what? Gido-san, what was the name of your neighbor? Seto-san, Seto Chii-san. She moved out yesterday. Did you notice? Seto Chii. If you read it upside down, it's 'ichitose' Yes, it means the four seasons, which are 'shiki'. I wonder if Dr. Magata Shiki was actually in the next room? That's an interesting hypothesis. Let's verify it. Yes. What? Hey, where are you going? Professor Saikawa. Yeah. Dr. Magata was here, just as I thought. 'You, the chosen one.' 'Kneel down here...' 'And receive a piece of bread from our father.' 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 