The Perfect Insider: Season 1, Episode 2 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 The Perfect Insider 
 s1e2 - Episode #1.2 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 The Perfect Insider (2014–…): Season 1, Episode 2 - Episode #1.2 - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Who on earth... are you? Nishinosono Moe, a third year student of Jinnan University and Saikawa Sohei, an Associate Professor. Isn't that the place where they have a low-temperature laboratory? Moe and Saikawa came to visit a low-temperature laboratory at the Polar Research Center and an incident occurred while everyone was supposed to be watching. Two grad students had been killed in a completely locked-room. This locked-room doesn't give the culprit any advantages. - It's an unnecessary locked-room. - Unnecessary locked-room... Moe looked for the trace of Masuda Jun, someone who disappeared two years earlier but his mummified body was discovered instead. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 In order to search for Masuda's computer, the remaining key evidence Moe snuck into the Polar Research Center, but was attacked by someone instead. Even though Moe was closing in on the truth she ended up getting trapped inside the laboratory, where the temperature was at -20 degrees Celsius. Professor Saikawa... [Nishinosono Moe - Third year student of Jinnan University, Dept. of Architecture] [Help] [The Polar Research Cent--] [Saikawa Sohei - Associate Professor of Jinnan University, Dept. of Architecture] [You received new mail] [From: Nishinosono Moe] [Help] [The Polar Research Cent--] - What's the matter? - Bring me the keys! 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Um... yes, sir! Nishinosono-kun? Nishinosono-kun! Call an ambulance! Hurry up! Yes, sir! Nishinosono-kun! [The Perfect Insider] [Episode 2] Subtitles by DramaFever [Nishinosono Shosuke - Chief of the Kanagawa Prefectural Police, Moe's uncle] It's been a while, Professor Saikawa. I'm sorry for not keeping in touch. How's Moe? She hasn't regained consciousness yet. Why was she attacked? She was investigating the case. There must have been someone who wasn't happy about it. It was careless of me. I was aware that Moe was getting intel from the police, but overlooked it. Because of what happened in that accident four years ago I would like to grant her wishes as often as I can. But I never thought she would be obsessed with this case so badly. It's my fault for not thinking to that extent. No, it was because I didn't persuade her seriously. This wouldn't have happened... if I stopped her properly. When Moe was a child, she would often perform magic tricks at the home party. Left alone, surrounded by adults even my brother, who was the chancellor of Jinnan University, couldn't catch the trick of her magic. But one day, someone who easily saw through it, appeared before her. You also have drawings in the back of the cards, don't you? How did you figure it out? It was you, Professor Saikawa, a university student at the time. Amazing! Moe told me later that it was her first time meeting an adult, who was smarter than herself. I think... Moe still wants to be recognized by you. Even more so, since she lost her parents in that accident. Doctor, how's Moe? She just regained consciousness. Her memory seems to be clear, so there shouldn't be any permanent damage to her brain. May I see Moe? Family members only, and if you can keep it brief. This way. [Kita Hokuto - Associate Professor of Jinnan University, Dept. of Civil Engineering] I finally understand why you never had any girlfriends all this time. Huh? Never mind. I'm happy for you. Professor Saikawa. Yeah? I'm sorry. Yes, indeed. It's not the job of the instructor to save the student's life. Didn't I have a USB memory stick? In my pocket? No, it wasn't there. Really? I assume that the person who attacked you took it. Masuda-kun's computer was also destroyed, I heard. On Masuda-san's computer, there was a folder named 'shika' in the Roman alphabet. It was empty, but I copied all the other folders-- You... already know who the culprit is. What makes you think so? All the information is laid out before us. You should have reached the answer by now. You're being nice to me today. Who do you think the culprit is? The same person as you think. I'm not thinking about anything at all and to be honest, I'm really fed up with this case. That's a lie. No... Actually, you must have known the answer from the very beginning. Why don't you tell me the truth? Because the truth is beyond my comprehension. Beyond your comprehension? It scares me to think about the culprit's state of mind. It's really something unique. And thinking about it gets me confused again. I suppose it's still insufficient. Can you please go and confirm it? In place of me. Please. Professor Saikawa. Thank you for saving my life yesterday. I'm glad you are OK. [Jinnan University] [The Polar Research Center] Ms. Ichinose, you're here so early. - Good morning. - Good morning. [Ichinose Rika - Research Associate] I thought you were in Kyusyu on business. I arrived at Haneda this morning, and came straight here from the airport. Here's a souvenir for you. Thank you very much as always. By the way, something terrible happened last night. Excuse me? The daughter of the former chancellor was almost killed in the low-temperature laboratory. Professor Kikuma. Professor Kikuma! [Kikuma Kyosuke - Professor of Jinnan University, Dept. of Civil Engineering] You found his body first. [Ukai Daisuke, Katagiri Masato - Detectives] Yes. What kind of person was Professor Kikuma? He was a wonderful teacher. I've respected him for a long time. What's up with this research center? It is insane to have four dead bodies in the same place in a week, don't you think? I agree. Detective Ukai. What was the cause of Professor Kikuma's death? Oh, he was suffocated to death. There were some wire marks left on the neck. The estimated time of death is around 2:00 a.m. Only two hours after Nishinosono-san was attacked. The wire allegedly used as the murder weapon, was found near the shutter in the receiving room. The emergency exit was locked from inside, so the culprit must have escaped through that shutter. I thought the shutter had been out-of-order. Yes, but it was repaired three days ago. What's the matter? How about the door to the preparation room? It was locked. Ichinose-san became suspicious because of that so she grabbed the key and entered the room. She attended a study group in Nagasaki yesterday and returned by air this morning. Then she came straight here. It's already been verified. I see. Professor Saikawa. Howdy. I'm sorry about Professor Kikuma. Yeah. It's a huge loss for the academic society as well. What'll happen to us now? There's something I want to ask about Masuda-kun. There was a folder named 'shika' on the computer he left. Do any of you know what it means? - 'Shika'? - As in 'deer' in Japanese? I don't know. It's 's-h-i-k-a' in the Roman alphabet. Isn't it the account name? - Yeah. - Yeah. But I don't remember anyone named 'shika'. What do you mean? In this seminar, all account names for the university computer are named after animals. For example, 'Kuma' (bear) for Professor Kikuma. 'Risu' (squirrel) for Ms. Ichinose, because her first name is Rika. I'm Kita (north), so 'fox' as in the northern fox. Isn't it fun? Who's the administrator of the workstation at the Polar Research Center? Did you just ignore me? Traditionally, the seminar leader is supposed to take charge. After Masuda-kun, Niwa-kun was the seminar leader, wasn't he? Yes, and I'm handling it temporarily. - Do you mind if I take a look? - Oh. Here it is. 'Shika'? 'Shika'... 'Shika'... - So, there really is an account named 'shika'. - This account was created three years ago. Was Masuda-kun the administrator at the time? Yes, he was. [Permissions] 'Shika' has been given permission for full access to the computer network of the Polar Research Center. - What? - Masuda-kun must've configured it like this. - So that means... - You can browse the email of every member of the Kikuma laboratory. - What? Who's this 'shika' person? - What? [Mail viewed] [From: Nishinosono Moe / To: Saikawa Sohei] Oh, gee... What's so important that we need to talk in private? It turns out that 'shika' also hacked into the network of my laboratory after the incident. Huh? For what reason? To keep an eye on email from Nishinosono-kun. Nishinosono-kun was reading the police report and sending me some critical information. And also, she reported to me that she was going to check on Masuda-kun's computer yesterday. So you're saying, 'shika' found out and attacked Moe-chan? It's a hypothesis for now. But, to say the least, 'shika' is someone who's connected to the Kikuma laboratory. By any chance... are you suspecting me for real? I can't deny the possibility. [Kunieda Momoko - Research Associate] [Hamanaka Fukashi - M2 in Architecture] Oh! Professor Saikawa! Yeah? Is Nishinosono-san alright? She's completely better now. I'm relieved! In that case, I'll take everyone to visit her in the hospital. Yeah. I checked it out as you told me. What did you find out? As you said, the network security had been compromised. How about the pathway of entry? It was through this computer of yours. Thank you. Oh, Kunieda-kun? Yes? Do you think all women want to wear a white dress at their wedding? Are you really asking me that question? Never mind. [You received new mail] It's me, Moe. I heard about Professor Kikuma. I wonder if this case is back to square one again. I got some new information from Detective Ukai, so I'll report it to you. As for the result of autopsy it's been determined that Professor Kikuma was tied with the wire from behind and hung up by the crane in the receiving room. This is Saikawa. It is too dangerous for you to get closer to the truth of this case. Our email communication is being watched by the culprit. Leave the rest to me, and be sure not to contact me via email or phone. I understand. One last thing. Please bring a sad case like this... to an end already. [Please bring a sad case like this to an end already.] [Kikuma Kyosuke] [Ichinose Rika] Something always goes wrong when conducting an experiment. - Disappearance. - A broken shutter. - 'Shika'. - Two people went in, two people came out. - A white suit and a dress. - Why was he in the duct space? - The crane. - The pathway of entry. Unnecessary locked-room. I know, I know! But... would it be possible to do something that extreme for someone else? You have no choice but to accept. This proposition has been proved. This is Saikawa. Your methods are all self-evident. But the motive is incomprehensible. Please explain it to me before you turn yourself in. I promise to keep my silence, as long as there are reasonable grounds. [Sending mail] [Mail sent] [Jitou General Hospital] [Nishinosono Moe] I'm sorry for asking you to come. It's fine, but why do you want to get out of the hospital all of a sudden? It hasn't gone back to square one yet. What? Since email and phone calls are being monitored I want to confirm it with Professor Saikawa in person. Understood. Let's go. Thank you very much for going along with my selfish desires. Will you please tell me the reason why you killed Niwa-kun and Hattori-san? Wait. Something is wrong. What? Professor Saikawa's car is still here, but his lights aren't on. Moe-chan! Please keep an eye on the exit of the building! Professor Saikawa! Don't come! Stop! - Are you alright? - Yes, we must go! Right! Please don't do it! Ms. Ichinose. I've read your collaborative paper with Professor Kikuma. I was impressed with that idea. It's an analysis method no one ever thought of. There's no end to pure learning. You must be the only person who can take over Professor Kikuma's research. And also, for the sake of Masuda-kun, who had his future promised. Ms. Ichinose. Please step down from there. Ms. Ichinose. Learning... It's so empty. How's Ichinose-san's condition? She narrowly escaped death. It was fortunate that she hit the tree once. I'm relieved. It's my fault. I drove her into a corner. It's no one's fault. She brought this on herself. Um, anyway. Can you tell us what this is all about? Professor Saikawa? Ichinose Rika-san was the culprit. That's the answer. But, that doesn't really tell us anything, you know? What do you mean? Everything has become clear already. No, no, no, no, no. - Right? - Yes. Nothing has become clear yet. - Professor Saikawa. - Yeah? You also need to give them an explanation, not just an answer. Oh... I see. Okay. This case started with the murders of Niwa-kun and Hattori-san inside the mysterious locked-room. I'll explain that problem first. What? Did you also solve the mystery of that locked-room? Yes, the solution is quite simple. First, let's call the preparation room and the receiving room as the locked-room 'A' altogether. It is certain that those two were killed inside the locked-room 'A' but how did the culprit 'X' escape from there? There are three exits in the locked-room 'A'. The emergency exit cannot be locked from outside. The shutter is broken in the receiving room. Therefore, there remains only one possibility. The culprit 'X' exited through the preparation room's door and locked it from outside. I can't think otherwise. But... we couldn't find anyone like that in the video recording of that security camera. - Right? - Yes. Niwa and Hattori Tamako were the only ones who went in and out during the experiment. After that, no one touched that door until the discovery of the corpses. - You see? - Yes, you're correct. So, it only makes sense to think that Niwa-kun and Hattori-san, who came out during the experiment, were culprit 'X'. - Huh? - Hun? But, Niwa and Hattori Tamako had been killed. So, there's no other way but to think that the culprit 'X', who came out during the experiment were actually two different people, who posed as Niwa-kun and Hattori-san. Two different people? Hold on a minute. Are you saying that Ichinose Rika is not the culprit? The one who killed Hattori-san was Ichinose-san. And the one who killed Niwa-kun was... Professor Kikuma. Professor Kikuma? He was an accomplice? Yes. To accomplish this scheme, it was necessary for the two of them to work together. After Niwa-kun entered the preparation room during that experiment Professor Kikuma went outside through the window of the professor's office. And he had Niwa-kun open the lock and entered through the emergency exit. Then he killed Niwa-kun in the receiving room. No matter how many times he's done this before, he's still bad! After that, Professor Kikuma put on the cold-resistant suit and came out of the room, posing as Niwa-kun. He changed his clothes in the grad student's room and went around outside to return to the office. In the same manner, after Hattori-san entered the preparation room it was Ichinose-san's turn to go and enter the preparation room through the emergency exit. And she killed Hattori-san. Ichinose-kun, could you scan the localization of the X-Y axis directions and keep an eye on it? The reason Professor Kikuma came out of his office at that moment was to gain enough time for Ichinose-san to finish her crime. And lastly, Ichinose-san put on the cold-resistant suit and while coming out of the room, posing as Hattori-san she secretly locked the door from the laboratory's side. Therefore, such condition took place that two corpses were left inside the locked-room 'A'. In order to pose as two people with a height difference Professor Kikuma and Ichinose-san had no choice but to cooperate for this scheme. But, there are still some doubtful points. How did Professor Kikuma and Ichinose-san take off and grab their cold-resistant suits? That's right. Even if the opponents were their teachers things wouldn't go smoothly if they were suddenly asked to take off the suits during the experiment. Niwa-kun and Hattori-san were going to take off the cold-resistant suits from the start anyway. What? In the middle of the experiment? How come? To change their dresses. - To change their dresses? - To change their dresses? A suit and a dress for the party were found inside Niwa-san's car on the day of the incident. There is no better proof than that. What do you mean by that? Niwa-san and Tamako-san had decided to get married and they broke the news to Professor Kikuma. I'm certain that they were suggested to have some kind of surprise plan at that time. Surprise plan? Yes. To change places with Professor Kikuma and Ichinose-san in the middle of the experiment and for them to appear out of nowhere in a suit and a dress at the wrap party. Then, they would announce their marriage on the spot and surprise everyone. I assume it was a plan like that. That's why they took off the cold-resistant suits in the middle of the experiment? But, when they took off the suits, Professor Kikuma and Ichinose-san betrayed and killed them. That's why they were stabbed without any resistance. And the reason why they made such a careful plan and committed murder during the experiment was so that Kikuma and Ichinose could establish their alibis, wasn't it? Yes. But, an unanticipated event had happened. The shutter in the receiving room! Right. On the day of the incident, the malfunction of the shutter was discovered in the morning. But Professor Kikuma and Ichinose-san didn't know about that fact. And that's why the unnecessary locked-room was created, wasn't it? - Yeah. - Huh? Huh? What do you mean by 'the unnecessary locked-room'? There was no need to have a locked-room in this scheme. If the shutter could be opened, you would think the culprit had escaped from it, wouldn't you? Yes, it's only natural to think so. No one would suspect those two, since they were on the side of the laboratory. It could reinforce their alibis even stronger. That was their original plan. So, it was unfortunate for them that the unnecessary locked-room was created. Is that right? It was just a slight misalignment. But this slight misalignment derailed the perfect crime scheme derived by two superior minds. In fact, their perfect crime would have been completed if the shutter didn't malfunction. But, why would Professor Kikuma and Ichinose-san do such a thing? Right. That was the biggest proposition of this case. The madness which killed two students, was lurking within this place in pursuit of pure learning. Such a thing was beyond my comprehension. What do you think has happened to them? Perhaps, it all started with Masuda Jun-san, who had disappeared two years ago. Masuda Jun? Isn't that the student who committed suicide in the duct room? Yes. Right before his disappearance, Masuda-san attacked Niwa-san with a knife, didn't he? Yes, we are aware of that, of course. I think that Masuda-san and Ms. Ichinose were in a relationship. That means, the identity of 'shika' was Ichinose-san? But their relationship had ended for some reason, and Masuda-san disappeared. Masuda-kun! I wonder if Niwa-san and Tamako-san were the cause of their break-up. Professor Kikuma, I've decided to marry Hattori-san. And those two came to announce that they were getting married. When Ms. Ichinose saw the happy couple, who took her lover away murderous intent was conceived inside her. So far so good. But then... why did Professor Kikuma cooperate with Ichinose-san? That's because... I don't know. Their collaborative paper showed a very deep relationship of mutual trust. Do you think he cooperated with her crime out of the relation between teacher and student? That won't explain everything. I got it! They were lovers! No, that's still way too short to be the answer. I can't imagine that Professor Kikuma, someone who dedicated his life to learning would just throw away his research and help his lover's crime. Then, why? Those two must have shared... a much deeper bond. I know the answer, Professor Saikawa. They were... father and daughter, weren't they? - What? - Father and daughter? That's the only way to explain Professor Kikuma's behavior. But... Professor Kikuma graduated from Okayama Institute of Technology and Ichinose-san was also from Okayama. Around the same time as Professor Kikuma's divorce Ichinose-san's mother also got divorced and she was born. - Sohei, hold on a minute. - Yeah? And then, who killed Professor Kikuma? That's right! Ichinose Rika has an alibi. That's the most conspicuous proof of them being father and daughter. Because their perfect crime scheme had failed, they were being driven into a critical state. I heard a rumor that Niwa-san was seeing someone. After the incident, Nishinosono-kun started to investigate and it also made them nervous. So, Ichinose-san set up a virus on a USB stick, enabling her to monitor Nishinosono-kun's email. That night, Ichinose-san was in Nagasaki. And from the contents of email she found out that Nishinosono-kun was closing in on Masuda-kun's computer. After receiving that report from her in order to prevent Masuda-kun's data from being taken away Professor Kikuma attacked Nishinosono-kun, wearing the cold-resistant suit. He took the data back from her and destroyed Masuda-kun's computer first then he entered the preparation room and barricaded himself by locking the door from inside. Professor Kikuma's state of mind at this time is beyond my imagination. And he chose to kill himself. It was suicide? But I thought Professor Kikuma was lying on the floor when you found him. Ichinose-san had moved his body. What? Professor Kikuma knew that Ichinose-san would get worried and stop by first thing in the morning after returning from her business trip. So, he might have attached a memo or something on the key to the preparation room. Make it look like I was murdered. You're smart enough to know what needs to be done. His memo must have said something like this. 'Make it look like I was murdered.' Dad... Ichinose-san followed the last word of her father. And after everything was done... she screamed. Why do you think Professor Kikuma gave her such instructions? In order to protect Ichinose-san, his daughter. Ichinose-san was on her business trip in Nagasaki, so she had a perfect alibi. If Professor Kikuma was killed by someone at that time Ichinose-san would be excluded from the suspects for this series of incidents as well. Protecting his daughter at the sacrifice of his own life. It was the final answer Professor Kikuma's mind derived. Understood. The rest is our job to do. We'll wait for Ichinose Rika's recovery and find out the truth from her directly. I wonder what kind of relationship Professor Kikuma and Ms. Ichinose had. I think they had mutual respect in the field of learning and were the best partners who could argue in the same language. Then, they must have had recovered their lost relationship through their research. But I think your relationship is quite something as well! - Kita, Kita! - What is it? Stop making thoughtless remarks like that. I'd get into trouble if any bad rumors got around. What's the definition of bad rumors for you? You'll need to describe it more theoretically-- Oh! Come to think of it, that spirited away of the Polar Research Center. What on earth was the first disappearance of the seminar leader about? Oh. What are you laughing about? Didn't you tell her? Huh? What is it? Oh. That... that seminar leader was... me. What? Kita abandoned his research and went to India to pursue his girlfriend, an exchange student. And everyone thought he disappeared and made a big fuss. That's all. You should have told me first. I did tell you that exactly in the first place. But, you would think the story like that is a joke, wouldn't you? I would never tell such a bad joke. You would! Being unaware of that fact is a problem, you know? The reason you assume my jokes are bad is because your subjectivity is out of sync. I'm not out of sync at all. You are. I'm not. You are. [Five days later] They found out the motive from Ms. Ichinose's testimony. Two years ago, after the year-end party of the Kikuma seminar Ms. Ichinose was forced into Niwa-san's room and assaulted by him. And Tamako-san told Masuda-san about it. Masuda-san, who was Ms. Ichinose's lover, was shocked by it and disappeared. And he ended up like that. Ever since then, Ms. Ichinose came to bear grudges against Niwa-san and Tamako-san. I don't think Tamako-san meant any harm. But... that's just another hypothesis, isn't it? What if there was a Tamako-san I never knew? Not every problem has a solution. If there's no way to validate, you have no choice but to trust your hypothesis, don't you think? I didn't want to find out such a sad ending if I had known before. Because you knew this would end like this you were worried that I might go too far into this case, weren't you? I just gave you the natural attention as your instructor in charge. Oh, Professor Saikawa! I did solve the problem! Yeah? The meaning of 'shika'. Oh, that. And what's your answer? Ms. Ichinose once studied abroad in Germany. A female deer is called 'ricke' in German. So it was Ichinose Rika-san! It isn't... incorrect. ['Doctors in an Isolated Room'] Subtitles by DramaFever You must never open that box. This family is cursed! Even if this is murder, the culprit can't escape outside. Suicide or murder... Either way, this is incomprehensible. It's the same as the incident 50 years ago, when the master died! - Let's go. - Yeah. 'The Gourd of Heaven and Earth' and 'The Box of Selflessness.' Keep it secret from my uncle, please? 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 