The Perfect Insider: Season 1, Episode 4 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 The Perfect Insider 
 s1e4 - Episode #1.4 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 The Perfect Insider (2014–…): Season 1, Episode 4 - Episode #1.4 - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Previously on 'The Perfect Insider.' A mysterious incident, which occurred in a completely locked-room 50 years ago... Instead of the weapon, a vase and a box were left at the crime scene. 'The Gourd of Heaven and Earth' and 'The Box of Selflessness.' Why are you so interested? Well... as a souvenir? We can't show you 'The Gourd of Heaven and Earth' and 'The Box of Selflessness.' 'You must not open it.' Right? The police took X-ray pictures of the vase and the box. Look. You can see the key inside the vase. However, the opening is too narrow to take out the key. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Also, another incident took place in the warehouse that night. Only the bloodstains were left in the warehouse and Rinsui was nowhere to be found. And there were... The vase and the box. Marimo-san! Rinsui-san had disappeared, and now Marimo-san... What on earth do you think happened to them? The corpse of Mr. Kayama Rinsui has been discovered. Rinsui's corpse was discovered around the scene where Marimo was lying on the ground. There were many similarities between the current incident and the one from 50 years ago, but... The locked-room and the purpose of this crime are not so important. Whenever the head of the Kayama family was stabbed 'The Gourd of Heaven and Earth' and 'The Box of Selflessness' were present at the scene. That's the biggest proposition of this case. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Marimo-san stabbed her father and disposed the corpse in the river. - What? - What's wrong? Kayama Marimo has disappeared from the hospital! Was it Marimo who killed Rinsui... or someone else? What secrets might be hidden inside the vase and the box, which were found near the corpse? Why did Marimo disappear from the hospital? It's possible that Marimo-san has something to do with Rinsui-san's death. What? This was lying on the ground around the back gate of the estate. According to forensics, it's been determined that it was Marimo-san who smoked this cigarette. What? Why would such a thing be there? Also, please take a look at these pictures. This is Marimo-san's car, which had been abandoned around the Otowa-bashi Bridge. It was facing in the direction opposite the estate. What is that supposed to mean? It's possible that Marimo-san was at this estate yesterday. What? Marimo-san was found on the Otowa-bashi Bridge, and 500 meters downstream from there Mr. Rinsui's corpse was also discovered. What are you trying to say? Are you saying that, it was Marimo who killed my father? Oh, this is just a hypothesis of mine. Before 6:00 p.m. yesterday, Marimo-san arrived at the Kayama residence. [Kayama Marimo - Daughter of Kayama Rinsui] But she got into an argument with Rinsui-san, whom she had not seen in a while and ended up stabbing him. Then Marimo-san carried out his body from the warehouse. This also matches Yusuke-kun's testimony, that no one was in the warehouse at 6:00 p.m. He's not there anymore. After that, Marimo-san tried to dispose the corpse into the river from the Otowa-bashi Bridge. But Rinsui-san regained consciousness and after they scuffled with each other, Rinsui-san fell into the river. Marimo-san also got injured and became unconscious. That can't be! In that case, how would you explain the reason why the warehouse had been locked from the inside between 7:00 and 8:00 p.m.? That's right! If it was between 7:00 and 8:00 p.m. it must have been my father who locked it while he was working inside the warehouse. The door was bolted, but no one actually saw Rinsui-san in person. Right? [Yoshimura Masuo - Servant of the Kayama family] Then, who do you think was inside? In that case, there could have been an accomplice. Why would any of us want to kill my father? For example, Takashi-san. You must have a motive. Me? You were trying to sell this estate, weren't you? That's... But the real estate agent testified that Mr. Rinsui was against it. What choice do I have? There's no way to make a living as a Buddhist painter nowadays! This house is cursed! It would be better to sell off this house! This looks so cool! It's Genma Daishogun, lady. Not 'lady,' say 'miss.' Miss. Right. Nishinosono-kun. An adult shouldn't twist around the unaffected sensitivity of a child, you know? I'm just teaching him common sense and good manners. Is Genma Daishogun strong? No, he's not there anymore. Not there? Right, he's not there anymore. What? The battery was put in backwards. Look! He's there! I see. Here, that's enough. I'm so sorry. Sorry for the mess. When I married into this family, I actually wanted to run away from this house as soon as I could. How about now? I've been wiping this balcony by hand every single day, you know? It feels like some part of me has been soaked in here already. I'm sorry to bore you with my story. Not at all. Kelly! Kelly! I'm sorry, but she barks at everyone. Oh... What's the matter? Come to think of it, she was barking toward the warehouse when Yusuke came out. That means, there might've been someone in the warehouse at around 6:00 p.m.? But Yusuke said that no one was in there. [Kunieda Momoko - Research Associate of Jinnan University, Dept. of Architecture] I'm coming in! [Hamanaka Fukashi - M2 in Architecture] Oh? Ms. Kunieda, where's Professor Saikawa? Doing follow-up research on a Japanese house with Nishinosono-san. What? But that was yesterday... Apparently they spent the night. Spent the night? What... what? Professor Saikawa and Nishinosono-san spent the night, just the two of them? Oh, no! As the seminar leader, I can't just let it go like that! This is a serious matter, you know? Ouch! You're too loud. I'm sorry. Hello, this is the Saikawa lab. Yes. What? Understood. I'll look it up. Was it Professor Saikawa? What did he say? He asked me to do some research on Genma Daishogun. Huh? The detective said it was okay to clean up. Do the police still have the vase and the box? No, they are back in Madam's room now. [The Perfect Insider] [Episode 4] Subtitles by DramaFever Professor Saikawa, you were here. This warehouse has been treated with weathering. Weathering? It's a coating technique to make the building look aged. Both the outer and inner walls of this warehouse are made of a recent synthetic construction material. Look at the gap in this door. It's designed so that the silicon creates a sealed space and the air conditioner controls ventilation. I see. Oh! In order to protect the paintings from moisture, right? Yeah. Mr. Rinsui went through such a time-consuming renovation to turn this warehouse into his workshop. Why do you think he went that far? Who knows? But if you insist, maybe because he was an artist. Is that so? I wonder if he wanted to get closer to his deceased father, Mr. Fusai, even just a bit... Dad! What happened? Takashi-san! We'll transport him to the hospital right away. How's my husband? He's got some bruises on his head and right arm. Disturbance of consciousness is present, but both blood pressure and breathing are stable. Dear... Takashi-san! Can you hear me, Takashi-san? T-- Takashi-san! Marimo... What? Marimo... Marimo-san was here, wasn't she? Takashi-san, what happened here? Stand back, please. We'll transport him now. Let's lift him up! One, two, go! Good! What on earth is going on here? Let's search for Marimo-san first. Detective Ukai, go that way! We'll go this way, then. - This way! - Oh, yes! Oh... Yusuke-kun. What's the matter? Marimo-san isn't there anymore. What? She isn't there anymore. Marimo-san... Marimo-san! No way... Why? - Marimo-san! - Call an ambulance! - Pull yourself together! - Yes! - Go! - Yes! Marimo-san! Detective Ukai, how's Marimo-san? She regained consciousness. I'm relieved! It seems like she attempted suicide. She's asking for you two. Marimo-san, are you alright? What exactly happened? It was me. What? It was me, who killed my father. It was me, who killed my father. Last night... I arrived at the house at around 6:00 p.m. but I hesitated to go in since it had been so long. At that time, my father came out of the warehouse, bleeding all over his body. What? Dad? Dad! Dad! Must not... must not open it... What? You must not open it! I'll go and get Takashi and everyone! Okay? I knew I had to hurry, so I took my father to the hospital. Stop... What? Stop! Dad! You have to go to the hospital! It's alright! I just need... one last piece. What? What are you talking about, Dad? No, don't! Dad... When I woke up, I was in the hospital. Why did you disappear? I thought my father died because of me, at first. So, I got scared and ran away. And then, I got my memory back little by little. My father was actually killed by the family tradition passed down from my grandfather. That's what I thought. So, I decided to destroy the vase and the box, and throw them away somewhere. Right at that time, I got caught by my brother... Marimo! What are you doing here? Marimo! Marimo! Let go of me! But I was also bound by it after all. There was no way to escape from the Kayama family's tradition. Despair was all I had left. Your brother is okay. He has already regained consciousness. Please don't worry. Nishinosono-kun. Let's go and take a look at them with our own eyes 'The Gourd of Heaven and Earth' and 'The Box of Selflessness.' Yes. There really is a key inside. It doesn't look like we can get the key out in any way. I don't think Marimo-san is lying. I agree. There's no discrepancy in her testimony. By the time Marimo-san arrived, Mr. Rinsui had already been stabbed. Who do you think stabbed Mr. Rinsui, and for what reason? I told you before. The culprit and the purpose of this crime are not so important. Is it the proposition? Yeah. Whenever the head of the Kayama family was stabbed 'The Gourd of Heaven and Earth' and 'The Box of Selflessness' were present at the scene. If this proposition can be proved... everything becomes self-evident. Who was inside the warehouse? Cold. Not there anymore. A fallen electric heater. A Buddhist painter. Heaven and Earth. Selflessness. The missing weapon. It is difficult for fire, but easy for water. You must not open it. One last piece. Is it really necessary to go to that extent? You have no choice but to accept. - This proposition has been proved. - This proposition has been proved. Professor! Professor Saikawa! Are you alright? Yeah... Let's put an end to everything. Is your injury okay? Yes. The hospital gave me a thorough examination and said there was nothing serious with my head. Please forgive me for being rude to everyone earlier... I heard about what happened to Marimo a little while ago. They said it was Professor Saikawa and Nishinosono-san, who found her. - Thank you very much. - Oh, not at all. Now... what's going to start here? Professor Saikawa is going to conduct his experiment. His experiment? Yes. And he says, if his experiment is successful, this incident will be entirely solved. Well, well, well, well... Am I really going to do this? - Yes! - Me? Yes, this is for solving the case. Please cooperate with me. But, he's also... Thank you very much. Excuse me, but what is this 'experiment?' Yusuke-kun came out of the warehouse at around 6:00 p.m. on the day of the incident. I'm going to confirm the situation of the crime scene at that time. Yusuke-kun. Will you go and get the detective inside the warehouse for me? - Okay. - Good. The detective isn't there anymore. What? Not there anymore. Not there? I got it! - Detective Ukai! Are you alright? - Excuse me. I'm coming through. May I get up now? Yes, you may. Thank you very much. Give me your handkerchief! What's going on? It means that Rinsui-san was in the warehouse at around 6:00 p.m. yesterday, doesn't it? Exactly. What do you mean by that? Yusuke-kun said 'Marimo-san wasn't there anymore' when he found her on the ground. Oh... Yusuke-kun. What's the matter? Marimo-san isn't there anymore. So, Yusuke lied? No, it wasn't a lie. Just a difference in perception, I think. What do you mean by 'a difference in perception?' When Yusuke-kun says 'not there,' it probably has a nuance of 'dead' or 'not moving' as well. There's a famous punch line in Yusuke-kun's favorite TV program, Genma Daishogun. Yusuke-kun? What does Genma Daishogun say after he beats his enemy? 'The bad guys aren't there anymore.' That's right, thanks. Yusuke-kun, you can go and play in the house now. Okay. It's not appropriate to say 'they are already dead' in the children TV programs, you know? And Kelly was barking towards the warehouse, because Rinsui-san was here. This proves that Mr. Rinsui was lying in this warehouse at around 6:00 p.m. yesterday. And it matches with Marimo-san's testimony that she saw Mr. Rinsui dying, and that she put him into her car just after 6:00 p.m. - But... - Yes. The warehouse door couldn't be opened between 7:00 and 8:00 p.m. So, now a new problem surfaces. 'Who was inside at that time?' By the way, Rinsui-san didn't like using the air conditioner, did he? Right. That's true. It's pretty airtight inside the warehouse, in order to protect the paintings from moisture. In addition to that, he turned off the air conditioner, which was his only air passage. So, it's safe to assume that the warehouse was in a completed sealed state. And it was a very cold day yesterday. Mr. Rinsui must have turned on his electric heater. Excuse me, Professor Saikawa. What are you trying to say? On the basis of these conditions we can find an answer to the question, 'Who was inside the warehouse between 7:00 and 8:00 p.m.?' Of course. That's what it was. Eh, eh, eh? What is that supposed to mean? Who was inside the warehouse? Nobody was there. - What? - What? But the door was bolted from inside for sure, right? How could the door be bolted from inside when no one was there? It was a natural phenomenon. Right? Yusuke! Genma Daishogun is about to start! At around 6:00 p.m., after Yusuke-kun came out of the warehouse I believe that Rinsui-san regained consciousness. What? And Marimo-san took him to the hospital. After that, because the electric heater was turned off and there was nobody inside the temperature in this room dropped down rapidly and the air gradually got deflated. And then, the force, which pulls the outer walls inward, became active inside this sealed space. The closed door was pulled inward by this strong force as well making it seem like the closed door was actually locked. Are you going to seclude yourself again? This caused a phenomenon such as not being able to open the warehouse door between 7:00 and 8:00 p.m. But is it possible that air deflation alone can produce such a strong force? This is just an estimate but for every 100 degrees of change in temperature, air inflates or deflates by 40 percent. This equals to 0.4 percent of the volume change for every one degree change in temperature. Atmospheric pressure is about one kilogram per one square centimeter. So 0.4 percent of that equals four grams of air pressure to be added. Huh? But that's only four grams. I said per one square centimeter. Let's say the warehouse door is one meter wide and two meters tall the pressure will become 800 kilograms at a 10 degrees change in temperature. It'll be impossible to open the door that heavy. Yes, you're right. Because the door didn't open, we misunderstood that someone was inside the warehouse. But then... Who stabbed my father after all? That I don't know. Well, Professor Saikawa. Do you have an idea who it was? Let us hear it. Please. I think Kayama Rinsui-san committed suicide. What? I don't think that's possible. Because there was no weapon-- That's right. It's odd that there was no weapon if it was suicide. The weapon was actually left in this room. Huh? Where was the weapon? It was inside 'The Box of Selflessness.' That can't be... As you know, that box was empty even when the police took the X-ray picture. Could it be a knife that's invisible even in an X-ray? It's empty right now. I don't get it. Takashi-san, can you bring the vase and the box over here? Nishinosono-kun, that's unnecessary. Professor Saikawa, you already know how to get the key out of that vase and open the box, don't you? Did you really figure out the mystery of that vase? Kayama-san. The mysteries of the vase and the box are supposed to be a burden for the head of the Kayama family. A burden? 50 years ago, Mr. Kayama Fusai solved the mysteries of that vase and box and killed himself inside this warehouse. Even since, his son, Mr. Rinsui had been burdened with the mysteries of that vase and box. And perhaps on that day he finally arrived at the answer and chose the same path as Mr. Fusai. That vase and box are supposed to function in such a mechanism. And that's the message. I would never... kill myself! I don't want to, even if it were the dying wishes of my grandfather and father! How could I stake my life on such things? Professor Saikawa, please solve the mysteries of the vase and the box! Once they are solved, I will destroy that vase and put an end to the continued curse in our family. Please, Professor Saikawa! I won't allow that. Why won't you? Even though everyone has been burdened by that vase and box? Mother! Saikawa-san. Nishinosono-san. Come to the back room. Let's go, Nishinosono-kun. You know the secrets of the vase and the box, don't you? Yes, I do. But, not entirely. You actually saw the moment when Mr. Rinsui stabbed himself in the chest with the weapon. Three days before his death he let me see 'The Box of Selflessness' being opened. And he said this was one last piece. I thought it was empty inside... The weapon was in there at that moment. It was very warm. I couldn't stop crying just from holding it in my hands. Because you were sad... Why would I be sad? He had been following the footsteps of his father, Fusai all this time and kept searching for that one last piece. And finally he found the answer! Suppress yourself and bring back a true picture of the Buddha. That's the mission of a Buddhist painter. Suppress yourself to live, and live to suppress yourself. He had reached the top of his profession like Fusai and tried to perfect his own art with death. No way... It felt as if I were in a dream and I even had a hard time staying on my feet. His beautiful blood was gurgling out. But Mr. Rinsui hesitated right before his death, didn't he? Unlike Fusai, it took too long for him to reach the top. That's why... That's human nature. You said that he opened the box three days before his death. Why did he wait for three days? During those three days, he drew the last painting of his life. Another Buddhist painting? No, it was a painting of me. Those three days of happiness! I've been living every moment of my life just for those three days! That was the one and only painting he drew from this world, not the Buddha. Where's that painting now? I burnt it. You burnt it? That's how you bring it to perfection. Is that one last piece as well? I wanted to have it all to myself. Both his life and death. Like a child, aren't I? Please take these two with you. They are not necessary in this house anymore. But... Losing this becomes one last piece for the Kayama family. Go ahead. Since I'll never be seeing you two again. Ouch! Are you alright? Oh, Professor Saikawa! What about the mysteries of the vase and the box? I'm sorry! It was me jumping to conclusions. I couldn't open the box after all. What? But I think it'll be all right, because we're taking this cursed vase and box from Fumi-san. From Mother? Yes. Wait, wait, wait, wait! The weapon's still inside the box, isn't it? No, no, no, no! That was also me jumping to conclusions. Perhaps Mr. Rinsui threw the weapon into the river or something. It's empty. Give us a break! I even did this for you! But why are you two taking that vase and box? As a souvenir? Now, let's begin. Look at the inside of the vase. Huh? Go ahead and shake it. The key has disappeared. If the key is gone, we can't open the box! No, you should be able to open it by now. Even though I didn't insert the key? The key hole is fake. Here's the real thing. What? When the boiled water is poured into the box the holding stopper of the lid gets bent by the temperature of the hot water. Good. Go ahead and open the box. Oh! The key turned into the weapon, didn't it? Yeah. But how? The key inside the vase was made of a special metal called 'fusible alloy' which melts at around 60 degrees Celsius. You pour the fusible alloy, which was melted by the boiled water, into the box along with the hot water. There's a hollow space in the shape of a knife inside the box, and the melted metals get deposited in there. Once the hot water cools down, the fusible alloy becomes solid and reincarnates as a sharp knife. It's warm. And after stabbing your chest with this knife you put it back inside the vase, pour the boiled water and wait for it to be melted. There must be a hollow space in the shape of a key in the bottom of the vase. You throw away the hot water after it cools down, then the hardened key is back in the vase. And that's why the weapon wasn't at the crime scene. Yeah. Kayama Rinsui-san came out of the warehouse after stabbing himself in the chest. I wonder if that was because he was still deeply attached to living. She said that he hesitated right before committing suicide. Do you think Mr. Rinsui was able to stab himself on his own? Nishinosono-kun, there's no way to validate it at this point. Even if someone else did hold the knife, there wouldn't be any fingerprints left. That's how this weapon works. The Kayama family has been freed from its tradition. There'll be no one who will try to solve the mystery of this box at the risk of his life. Don't you agree? I did solve the problem. Yeah? The secret will be sealed once again. ['Who Inside'] Subtitles by DramaFever When everything becomes 'F.' [At the laboratory on a solitary island] [a genius doctor had set up] [the biggest mystery of the series...] Dr. Magata has been murdered! What's going on? The director has been killed too! - Who's the culprit? - It must be someone inside the laboratory. A force without personality has been locking up Dr. Magata Shiki in the basement. She actually is Dr. Magata Shiki! 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 