Evil Lives Here: Season 7, Episode 8 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Evil Lives Here 
 s7e8 - I Should Have Killed Him Myself - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Evil Lives Here (2016–…): Season 7, Episode 8 - I Should Have Killed Him Myself - full transcript 
 I Should Have Killed Him Myself: John Duck spends his entire life fearing the day his brother Kevin would finally kill someone, but when John discovers his brother is actually a murder, he ... 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
  Oh, man. [ sighs ] can't even talk right now. hang on. I'm sorry. john: There's only one person  on earth that knows anything that  happened in my childhood, and that's my wife. I've never spoken of it  to anybody. Everything was a secret. It was just overwhelming  for someone my age, 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 so therefore I learned  how to keep these secrets that just led to years  and years and years and years of just burying it  and burying it. People need to know. There's so many people  out there that have no idea. So here we are.  I'm going to talk about it. I'm going to give it to them  and let them know. July 30, 1983. That's the date  a monster was born. This monster was my brother. His name was kevin duck. He didn't evolve into this. He was born this way. And he'll die this way. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 [ the paper chase's "what's so  amazing about grace?" plays ] [ strings continue  playing sinister tune ] [ static crackling ] [ knock at door ]  [ creaking ] [ banging on door ] [ creaking ] [ water dripping ] [ banging on door ]  [ creaking ] [ sinister chord strikes ] john: We were living on  40 acres in forest hill, louisiana. We grew our own food.  We hunted for our own food. We didn't have access to tv. We were so secluded that I didn't have the knowledge of police,  firefighters, ambulances, and I was confined to this  40 acres, and that was my life. you have all been  brought here today because god sees  something in you. My father was a preacher. My mom,  she was a big part of it in recruiting people to come in  and live on our property. Know that the lord  is our refuge and our strength, our ever-present help  in times of trouble. And there was my sister. She is a year and five days  older than I am. And my brother, kevin. He's three years older  than I am. Me and kevin  were really close. He gave off the impression  to me growing up that he was my protector,  and his influence was powerful. He was good at manipulating you  to his advantage. He was almost always  up to something bad. There wasn't any good in him. I can't recall any good that  he has ever done in his life. Not one thing. Man: Let us pray. But anything that had happened  on that property stayed on that property. I didn't know I was  a part of something wrong, because that was my world. And then that's where  it all began. kevin would always get into  some sort of mischief. So I felt safe with my sister, and we learned to lean  on each other because whenever he got bored,  bad things happened. It was all about his needs,  his desires, and his cravings. And he would do anything  to get what he wanted, including  faking his own suicide. We were home alone one time.  And we were young. And he had a .410 shotgun  for squirrel hunting. And I remember my brother  taking his shotgun. He threatened suicide. Just leave me alone! He took his shotgun,  and he went into my bedroom, which was his bedroom,  and he locked the door. [ knocking ] kevin!  What are you doing in there? [ knocking ] and he was in there for a  few minutes and it was quiet. And we were in the hallway,  didn't know what to do. And then the shotgun fired. [ gunshot ] oh, my god. It rattled us.  It really shook us. And we didn't know  what to do. We were frozen. We didn't know whether  to open the door. Should we go in there? I don't know. And it was quiet. We sat in that hallway,  and together we built up the courage  to open the door. You go in first. I didn't know what I was  gonna see on the other side. He was standing there, shotgun in his hand  and the window open. He had fired the shotgun  out the window. And he had a grin  on his face, and this grin that he had  on his face as a kid is very similar to the grin  that he has whenever he takes his mug shots. It was this smile  of satisfaction. He got the feeling  that he was after, the reaction  that he wanted from us, and he felt good about it. He felt good about how bad he had just traumatized us. It was so fun to him that,  over the years, he continued  to do it in other ways, hoping for the same result. And it became one of his  activities -- faking suicides. And I used this incident  in court against him because it was  the most singular way of showing  what he is capable of even at the age of 10. fire was always in our lives. I used fire as a tool for warmth and different things  out in the woods, build a campfire,  'cause fun it's fun. Kevin was different. Kevin used fire as a weapon. I remember squirrel hunting  with him. You'd post up somewhere, and the squirrel would come  at your squirrel call. Well, this one did. He fired at it... [ gunshot ] ...And missed. Damn it. So it shoots  straight up the tree. Went around to the backside  and goes into the knot. And so there's no way that kevin can shoot this thing. He just, boom, reacted. He had a mission. First thing kevin did,  start rounding up leaves. He was rushing. He was moving fast doing this.  He was so excited. You could tell it was gonna be  such a treat for him. Strikes a match. Tosses it on there. And this tree just, boom,  catches into flames. [ fire whooshes ] you can hear the squirrel.  It's like a rabbit. It has a unique... Screams.  Screams like a child. And at that age, I was hearing  an animal die and suffer, and it was traumatic. It was very traumatic. And then you look over at him, and he's just still. Taking it in. Hearing it scream. Hearing the torment. Hearing it suffer. And he loved it.  He loved it. You don't want the animal  to die humanely. He needed  something from it dying. And then after the  screaming stops, it's over. We pick up our guns  and move on. John,  are you coming or not? I don't hunt to this day. Because of certain things that I  encountered with him, you know? He's hurt everything that  has ever come across his path, just to watch them. Watch the life leave their eyes. If it was alive,  he wanted to watch it die. at this point, my parents knew  something was wrong with him. My dad wanted to do  something about it. So my parents brought us  to a church, and it was a smaller church  that we would associate with. And the church was unusual. Modern-day exorcisms  were performed in this church. Let us begin. They laid hands on him.  The whole church did. And they started praying  for kevin. All: Lord, heavenly father,  we ask that you bless this boy. It was an exorcism. And it was  an aggressive one too. That you rid him his demons  and purify his soul. He started laughing. [ giggling ] in a psychotic manner.  It was just... It wasn't his laugh.  That's why it was scary to me. He just started laughing  and laughing and laughing at everybody  and laughing at everybody as they were praying on him,  and laughing, and it was so evil, and I'd never seen anything  like this before. All: Lord, heavenly father,  we ask that you bless this boy. John: It was a slap in the face  to everybody. It was a rejection  as to what they were doing. They'd pray harder  and pray harder. But he continued to laugh  in this evil way. [ giggling ] john: My dad had to pick him up,  and he carried him to the car, and we traveled home  that night, and he laughed  until the next day. [ giggling ] after that, I believe my parents gave up  on fixing him with religion. It was almost like everyone knew  he was unfixable. There was something in kevin  that stayed in him that you could not  remove from him. It was evil. -what are you gonna do?! What?!  -Kevin! Kevin! That was probably the day  that I realized that he needed to die  or he needed to be locked away. this picture was taken  on our 40 acres not long after  we'd moved there. If I could talk to this  little boy in this picture, I'd let him know that  there was a lot of bad things in his future. I look scared.  I look traumatized. And he has a smirk  on his face. I remember this look.  I remember the way he stood. I remember it all. my mom would just bring  these people in to try to give them salvation, and then they would flourish  and grow on our property and start a new life  with christ. This girl,  she was from louisiana. Poor. No future. Vulnerable.  Can't defend herself. And just a few months,  she got pregnant by him. Sex was such a crime. It was such a crime  in our family that if my parents had found out  that she was pregnant, our world would come to an end. Wait here. he wasn't gonna  let her have a kid. So he comes to us and says, "we have to do something  about this." listen up. "and you're gonna help." I need your help. And then he told me and my  sister what we were gonna do. We've got to get rid  of the baby. John: He said that the only way  out of this is to compromise the pregnancy  by hitting her in the stomach and that we were  gonna participate. And don't stop  until she loses the baby. It really -- it scared me. There's got to be  another way. There isn't. He never took anybody's... Life into consideration. but what was I gonna do? I couldn't stop anything  at this point. I was fully under his control.  I was still young. My sister was still fully  under his control. And so he didn't put a gun  to our head, but his words were still  just as powerful as a gun. so me, my sister,  hit her in the stomach. but it didn't stop  the pregnancy. She ended up having the child. And he was a -- he was  a healthy baby, thank god. And one day she was gone. Never seen her again. I'm glad she didn't  lose the baby. I don't know how I would've  handled that growing up. discipline couldn't change  who he was. He got worse and worse  and worse and worse, and there was just  no way of stopping him. One afternoon, kevin had pulled  up on his little motorcycle. Kevin, where the hell  have you been? Kevin: Relax, dad.  Everything's fine. Have you been drinking? I guess he smelled alcohol  on kevin. And so my dad opened up  his saddle bag and he found  a big old bottle of whiskey. What are you doing  with this? Don't you realize how dangerous this is? He was obviously mad,  really mad. And he breaks the whiskey  on the ground. And this is where  it got physical. What are you gonna do?!  What are you gonna do?! My brother  had pushed my dad, and they started fighting. Man.  I didn't see it coming. I really didn't. They're screaming and hollering  and fighting and wrapping legs  around each other. You've never done nothing! He wasn't gonna stop. But he didn't win  that battle. my dad put kevin  in a rear naked choke and put him to sleep, made him pass out right there.  Blacked out on the floor. That was first time  I had ever seen kevin physically attack  another human being. And he got a thrill from it. And from that point, he evolved  into what he is now. It's like the childhood part  was phase one. And then he became  a whole new character that we didn't know  how to deal with because now he's just  rage and anger. Kevin. When he woke up, he just got up  and then walked away. Just leave me alone. It was never  spoken of again. It was a marker  that this was not gonna end. This was only gonna get worse, and he was going to be  his own commander, and nobody was gonna stop him. So it was  a whole new realm of fear. What the heck  is gonna happen now? he got into  several bar fights, several very bad  bar fights. There's certain little things  in life that gave him a thrill, that made him  want to do something bad, and it got worse,  and it became a craving. It became a lifestyle  to hurt people. And if you do go near him,  he's gonna do something nasty. I don't see someone  that can change their ways. I don't see someone  that can be fixed. I see a thing. There wasn't any good in him. Just it's not there. It's not there. You can stand over him  and just stare at him, just look at the monster. You can just watch  his heart beat. You just, "man, that thing needs  to just stop beating." I realized  that he needed to die or he needed  to be locked away. [ engine starts ] I knew that this story  had to end. So I went and got a shotgun. only way I could pay for college  was join the military. I really enjoyed boot camp. The guys that I was gonna be  serving with, they were brothers to me. I started to build  relationships with other people for the first time in my life. It was a whole new family  to me, and it was exciting, meant a lot to me. Kevin tried to take this  away from me. a couple of years after I had joined the military, kevin had gotten into some trouble down south in louisiana, and he got arrested,  and he impersonated me. The police had called me. He had convinced them  that he was john duck, he was in the military, and that  I was the company commander. Hello, this is private duck.  I'm returning a call. He had already gotten ahold  of my debit-card numbers and my social security number  and all this stuff, and he truly thought  that it would work. I'm sorry, I don't understand.  Who do you have in custody? He was convinced, 'cause he was right there. I heard him. He was right there  while the police were on the phone with me. He was like, "tell him.  Just tell him. Just tell him.  I'm in the army. Just tell him  I'm in the army." I felt violated. No, sir.  No, I'm john duck. That there would be my brother,  kevin duck. I told the police  that I was john duck and that kevin  was kevin duck and that I just wasn't  gonna help him. I'm not gonna sit here  and play this out. I'm not gonna lie for you. You can tell him I'm done  helping him get out of trouble. And I got off the phone  with the police. And they put him in jail. It was a mark of a new era  because it was the first time I told him  I wasn't gonna help him. But if you're in kevin's life,  you're his property. He has a sense  of ownership over you. He expects you  to run and help him. And I didn't that day,  and it upset everything. the day that  he beat up my sister, I'd just gotten home after  a long tour in iraq, and kevin  was having some issues with his girlfriend  at this time. His girlfriend was friends  with my sister. Well, my sister stepped in  and interfered and told her that if she didn't get out,  she was gonna get hurt bad. And kevin didn't  take it so well. Hey! He didn't take it well  at all. He grabbed her  by the hair of her head. Jerked her,  threw her on the ground. It's between me  and my girlfriend. This has nothing to do with you! And he grabbed about  a three-foot-long jack handle. He went to swing  and hit in the head. I was very close  to my sister. I felt like it was it was my job  to protect my sister. I was her safety net  and she was mine. I ran into him, and we  collided up against the wall. I said, "I just came home  from a war. I don't want to  start another one." get off me. And then he ended up  turning and walking away. He was more violent that day than I'd ever seen him  toward us before. And I got my sister up,  took her to the e.R. We ended up pressing charges  on him, and then later on  we dropped the charges because my mom was begging us  not to put him in jail. After that occurred,  I knew that there was gonna be some sort of fatal ending  to this story. He was bloodthirsty  and willing to hurt someone. And I was done with it.  I was done with it. I was so done with it. I went to a gun store,  and I bought a shotgun. At this point, I felt like  I needed to stop it permanent. If he got to the point that he was willing  to kill his family, that idea flipped a switch  in my head that this story had to end. I was gonna do it myself. I was gonna end it  for the sake of whoever else  was in the future. [ engine starts ] I was on my way home,  and then I got hungry. [ laughs ] I got hungry, and so I whipped  into a restaurant and ordered me some food. The waitress that came  and brought me my food... Thank you.  Yeah. ...She had a smile on her face  with her little blond hair. You look like you're having  a bad day. Um, I've been better. Well, I'm sure it's nothing a beer and burger can't fix. And I saw light  at the end of the tunnel. So I went down that tunnel, and here we are 10 years later,  happily married, with two kids. There is a good chance that I would probably be behind  bars if it wasn't for her. I ended up  going to see my sister instead of going  to shoot my brother. But I was that close. That close  from doing it my way. I ain't gonna lie, man -- talking about this [bleep]  is getting my heart racing, I'm getting mad. And I don't come off  that easy. [ grunts ] golly. All right, I'm gonna step out  and smoke my vape for a minute if that's all right. oh, my god. I didn't really know  how to react to it. This is creepy stuff. What do I do now? after I'd met my wife,  ashton, I didn't bring her  around my family. I didn't talk about my family  to her. She didn't really know  my childhood secrets. I was protecting her  from my world, and it worked. For a while. nobody was home  on this particular night, and I decided I was gonna  bring her to my home and we were gonna, you know,  hang out and she could at least see  my environment. I'm so happy you came. Thanks for inviting me. We were there  for a few hours. Things started to get a little hot and heavy between us. We were in the bedroom,  and the door was open. I thought we were alone. Turns out we wasn't. oh, my god! What the hell  are you doing? Ashton kind of panicked. I turned around,  and I looked. And my brother was just  leaning on the doorjamb, just setting there  with his arms crossed, smiling. And watching so quietly. Kevin, what are you doing here? I asked him, "what are you doing  in here? Get out of here." who is that? That is my brother,  kevin. Don't mind me.  You guys are doing just fine. John: He continued to lean  on the doorjamb with that smirk on his face,  with no motion, no reaction to our reaction. Emotionless. He was drawing in pleasure  at that moment. Why are you still here, man?  Just go already. And eventually he walked away. What the hell  was that all about? She was really upset  about it. She wanted to know why he would do something like that. And I didn't really have  an explanation for her because he was just my brother. He was just kevin  at this point. Always just been  a little off. "a little off"? He's a total creep. We quickly got dressed,  and I was just, "let's get out of here.  Let's go." I shouldn't have  brought you here. All right?  Come on. I didn't really know  how to react to it. This is creepy stuff.  He just stalked us. What do I do now? The woman that  I'm falling in love with, I can't bring her  around my world because it's not safe  for her. he brought home a girl  one time. They got married and started  having kids together. It went downhill so fast. It turned evil quick. My parents moved  a brand-new single-wide trailer up on top of the property  for kevin to live in. You'd hear screaming. You're screaming in that trailer  up on the property, man. [ knock on door ] kevin's wife would come down  from the trailer... Hey, guys. ...Hang out for a little bit  and say hi. I was gonna head  to the store. I wanted to see  if you guys needed anything. John: We started to notice that  she would have bruises on her. You could see bruises  on her legs and you can sometimes  see bruises on her neck. And there wasn't nothing  I can do about it. When my sister reached out and tried to help her friend  get away, it backfired. It put her in hospital. Is there anything  we can do? Look, I know you guys  are just trying to help, but, um, I don't really want to  talk about that. I just wanted to see  if you needed anything. If I were to intervene,  more people would get hurt. It was less damage  not to interfere. Uh, no. No, I think --  I think we're good. Okay.  Um, I'll be back in a bit. She put up with it  for a long time. She did. Until one day she had enough. She left, got the kids,  and never came back. And I don't blame her. He was still growing into something more dangerous  every day. kevin was working as a  mechanic in hot springs village whenever he had met  dawna natzke. I don't know if she's with him  at this point or if this is her before him. I never got to meet her. But she's that kind of person. You can look  in the picture of her, and you feel like you've  known her for your whole life. She has that face. I was aware that she had kids, and I knew  she was a police dispatcher, so therefore I had hopes that  it was gonna work out well, maybe the influence  of the good, quality people that she's associated with  will rub off on him, and maybe he'll start to try  to act like a normal human. But... I knew better.  I knew better. That wasn't gonna happen. This is gonna end  in tragedy. my wife was pregnant  with our first son, and things were going good. We were at a little christmas  get-together with family. And all having a good time, opening some presents and stuff. And ashton got a phone call... [ knocking on door ] ...And she signaled me  to come outside. Would you excuse me  for a second? Sure.  Thank you. She had told me  that it was dawna's family, and they were worried  because she was missing and she was last seen  with kevin. Okay. I'll let you know  if I hear anything. Bye. I had  that same familiar feeling that I had  several situations as a kid where you instantaneously  get overwhelmed with adrenaline to the point to where  your whole body goes numb, and then it takes a few minutes  for it to come back and your adrenaline  to slowly leave. They said the last time  they saw her, she was with kevin. But even through  all my adrenaline and my inability to think  because of the adrenaline, I knew one thing -- that if she was missing  and she was with kevin, he was at fault. I knew this day  was going to happen. I felt it coming  my whole life. It was a matter of time. And so there wasn't any doubt  in my mind. Do you think she ran off? Because she was trying  to get away from him? No. [ sighs ] I just looked at her  and I let her know that they need to start  looking for a body. john: "missing from  hot springs village, arkansas. Dawna natzke, 46, was last seen on  Wednesday, December 21, 2011, at 10:30 p.M. To 11:00 p.M.  Leaving a christmas party in hot springs village  with her boyfriend. Dawna is described  as 5'6" tall with brown hair and blonde  highlights and brown eyes. Donna has been a dispatcher for the hot springs village  police department for six years." I knew one day I'd be staring  at a picture of a victim. Always knew it. [ sighs ]  and this is her. Learning about her... ...I know she was  a loving mother. I see joy. That's a true smile. There's nothing fake about that. That's happiness in her eyes. She was surrounded by people  that tried to love her as much as she loved them. I see a person that puts  everybody's needs before hers. And my brother took advantage  of that and destroyed everything. And her existence was ripped  from the face of the earth by a predator. man: Duck was late to work the  day after natzke went missing, and his employer said  duck seemed disinterested in the search effort for her. Woman: The dispatcher  has been missing for more than a week. Now her niece is selling  bracelets to honor, remember, and help  dawna's children. "find peace for dawna." and justice. I believe  this bracelet resembles... Goodness. Hope. This was an entire town coming  together to resolve something. I believe there was  over 300 people that had showed up at the school  to participate in the search. Everybody provided  every resource that they could. But kevin was not  a part of the search. When I found out  he didn't show up, I took it is complete and hundred-percent confirmation that he was guilty. woman: Down a peaceful dirt road  on a warm December day, a search for a missing mother  brings a cold discovery -- a body. When kevin was  finally arrested and we had gotten word  about it, god, it was awful. It was so awful. Man:  Natzke's autopsy showed she died from blunt force trauma  and drowning. Garland county authorities believe her boyfriend  at the time, kevin duck, is the one who did it. That was another indicator  that it was kevin, because there were  very few people that knew about that pond. It was secluded  in the woods. And I went fishing there  with him once. Man:  It was cellphone records that linked duck  to the area around where natzke's car  was found burning three days  after she went missing that linked him to her death. You'd think I'd have been  more prepared for it. Because I'd been preparing  for it my whole life, but I didn't know what to do. We needed to come  to justice on this. We needed  to put him away in a pen. And it was like everything that he had ever done  and ever created, in that one moment in life, he was finally gonna be  put in a cage and locked away. And I needed that.  I needed that. I needed him  to not exist anymore. Woman: Appearing before his own  family members and family of his girlfriend,  dawna natzke, kevin duck entered  a not-guilty plea at his first appearance  before a garland county judge. For all the moments  that I was in the courtroom, he never looked up. But whenever I got up  on that stand... ...He looked up at me,  and we made eye contact. And then right after  that eye contact, I said what I needed to say. And then I walked  out of that courtroom. I was given the opportunity to go into the back and sit down and see him one more time  before they took him away. I quickly said no. My dad and my sister did.  My mom did. I walked out the door  with my wife beside my side, and that was the mark  of new beginning right there. Afterwards, he told my dad to tell me that he forgives me  for doing what I did. That'll be the last words  he ever says to me. I can't do it.  I can't do it. That's the smirk. That's the smirk  that dates back to the beginning  of his existence. Every time  he got satisfaction. That smile haunts me because that smile is only  really related to badness, not happiness. It's disgusting. That's a monster  in the form of a human. I wonder what the world  would have been like without his existence. Knowing now what I do know, if we're able to go back in time the day I bought that shotgun... ...I would have done it. to this day,  I think about him every day. I still love him. There's still  a sense of brotherhood. That's why I refer to him  as my brother. I know what he is,  and I love him as he is. But he can't exist  in my world. Eventually one day, he's gonna be a small part  in the back of my mind. He's not gonna be  the majority of my mind. One day at a time. One day I'm gonna get there, and I'm not gonna have to think  about him as much, and I'm gonna  leave this behind. I'm gonna leave it behind,  and I'm gonna -- I'm gonna not forget about it  because it'll never go away. It'll never go away, but... This is no longer part of me. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 