Being Human: Season 2, Episode 7 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Being Human 
 s2e7 - The Ties That Blind - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Being Human (2011–2014): Season 2, Episode 7 - The Ties That Blind - full transcript 
 Shocked, Josh learns that Nora consciously killed a rival. Aidan is furious to find vampire cop Cecilia captured by the purebred twins, as bait in their ancestral nightly hunt to kill 'game'. Atlee lacks the courage to help fight the twins, but Aidan pulls it off, helped by Josh, and vanquishes Connor, instructing Atlee to dispose of the evil werewolves. A reaper saves Sally from her vindictive ex Danny, but warns she makes the next day's logical sacrifice to restore cosmic balance. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 (Nora):Previously on Being Human... (Screams) There's something after me. Something that I let loose into my world. Reaper! Yes? Hegeman and I were to share a ride home. And now he's missing. (Growling) I know that it's my wolf! She just wants to run free. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Oh my God! (Screaming) A man named William Cart was found dead at his worksite last week. And he's an ex of your girlfriend's. Nora killed her ex. I need your vampire cop to help make all this go away. Cecilia, right? I can get you the wolves who killed Hegeman. Her address is in there too. Whatever happened to wolves running in packs? I'm not one of them. (Werewolf growling) (Nora):From the moment we're born, 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 we're put into categories. (Growling) We spend so much of our lives trying to define ourselves. But the truth is, there are only 2 categories... predator and prey. Aidan! - They're coming. - How many are there? - Four. - We cannot survive four! Shhh! Atlee, listen to me. We have to be strong for Hegemen. (Werewolf growling) Nora? Once you choose which side you're on, can you live with the consequences? Nora? Oh God, are you... What did we do? (Tap squeaking, water stopping) Why is the mirror calling me a whore? I have no idea. So there's this extremely lame Poltergeist homage going on in the kitchen right now. - So, Sally? - What? OK, with the lights, can we just-- I'm gonna have a seizure. I'm literally-- Guys, this isn't me. I swear. Why does everyone just assume that it's my fault? How do we know that's even a ghost? I think we've all pissed off enough people to wage a short but consequential war. Come on! Don't look at me. My people can't enter without an invitation. Also, neither of us recently played Maria von Trapp to a group of ghostly teenage wastelands. OK, those are my friends. All right? Except for that one guy who tried to reap me. But he's dead! Holla! OK, with the lights, I'm gonna-- Honestly, I'm going to hurl. It's fine. But you know what? Please, just find a way to make it stop! Sure! (Door slams) (Siren) Aidan. Atlee. I didn't know that you were in Boston. There is a situation. Could we meet at the hotel later? These hallways are not meant for discussing business. I will never understand the Boston clan and your blatant disregard for manners. You are being evasive. Same as Suren, same as Mother. I'm in the middle of a workday. You're aware of Hegeman's disappearance? Or should I say death? What makes you think that Hegeman's dead? Let's not insult each other's intelligence. He was doing Mother's bidding and then he was gone. Nobody seems to know what Mother asked of him. But yours is the name that continues to surface in conversation. People talk. Whatever you heard is nothing more than idle gossip. Save for the fact that you were present for the slaughter of our men at Bishop's. You mean the night that I saved Hegeman's life? Which is why you are still alive. I am not the enemy, Atlee. Then you'll surely understand. Whoever killed Hegeman will answer for it. I'm not leaving Boston without answers. Sync and corrections by n17t01 www.addic7ed.com Nora? Hey. - Hey. - When did you get back? I mean, assuming that you are back. Last night. Turns out it takes exactly 16 days of consecutive sick leave before HR starts threatening termination. Well... (Clears throat) That is an impossibly stringent policy. Plus the Barn's Double B&B; doesn't allow pets. And I doubt they'd appreciate me turning tonight in the guest room. It's on the Cape, right? - Yeah. - It's a nice place. Was that a Connor and Brynn thing? I wasn't with them, Josh. They said you were in touch. I haven't talked to them since I left. It was just me and the ocean and a case, multiple cases of Merlot... trying to make sense of the fact that my wolf tore apart my ex-boyfriend. - Yeah, about-- about that. - Don't. I got your messages. And whatever happened with the police investigation, thank you. You should've called me. But I feel crappy enough without you judging me. What? (Sighs) I'm sorry. It's just a lot being back here. To be honest... I didn't know if you'd wanna see me. Of course I wanna see you. I mean, maybe I'm not ready in this moment, but eventually... Eventually? Do you even comprehend? Can you really comprehend what you did? How much you hurt me too? Wait. Where are you turning tonight? I'll be there. You don't have to do that. I do. I have to do something to make this right. - Hey. - Hey. How do you think the hospital would feel about a missing EEG machine? I think that if you're trying to get fired, there are more sexy ways to do it. At least tap into some high-grade pharmaceuticals. I have a working hypothesis about how the cerebral cortex evolves during the turn. I could help-- help Nora. - She's back? - Yeah. Yeah, I messed her up, man. (Sighs) It was an accident and it happened months ago and you can't keep punishing yourself like this. I know, but I just have to believe that there's a way to make things better, you know, to fix it. What happened with the murder investigation? Oh, uh... Maybe they thought it was a wild dog. I don't know. The whole case just kind of disappeared. Like Cecilia? Cecilia your cop friend? The one you asked about to get the cops off your scent. Right, which you didn't. I call saying something along the lines of I didn't wanna see you get yourself in more trouble with vampires. Something like that. Well, Cecilia also magically disappeared, and no one's heard from her in days. Huh. Well, you know, people leave this time of year. Tourists are exhausting and the weather-- If you know something, you must tell me. The last thing I need right now is another vampire disappearing on my watch. Josh, please. I may or may not have given her Hegeman's gun to kill the twins. Why would Cecilia wanna kill the twins? (Grunts) Because she may or may not have been under the impression that they were the purebred wolves who killed Hegeman. What was I supposed to do? Tell her the truth? Send her after Nora? Do you even realize the level of hypocrisy you are operating under? - I asked you for help! - Shhh! I was protecting Nora. If that makes me a monster, so be it. And you're one to talk. Feeding live, preying on my former fiancée. This has nothing to do with Nora or Julia. This is has to do with you and me. I agree! Anything happens to Cecilia, you will be implicated in not one, but 2 vampire deaths, and I'm not even done cleaning up after the first one. Now, I came to you and I told you how deep I would have to go and I asked you to be there to pull me out, not kick me in deeper! (Breathing heavily) That is not something a friend would do! (Thudding) OK, seriously, I know you're all amped up or whatever because you've just read the Complete Idiot's Guide to Poltergeisting... but this house is not your own personal practice space. Thank you. (Danny):Sally! How I love to watch you die! Danny. (Cecilia): You know what to do. (Beep) Cecilia, listen to me. I know you talked to Josh. Whatever you have planned, call it off! (Sniffing) (Gasps, clears throat) Gesundheit. Sally, I don't have time right now. My break is almost up-- I think Danny sent a reaper to kill me. Well, maybe not. Maybe-- OK. Either Danny sent a reaper to kill me or the reaper is channeling Danny's voice to scare the crap out of me. And we're talking about reapers because... Janet saw it too. She was explaining it to Tim and that's what she said it was. - A reaper? - Yes! OK! Good, good, good. No, no, not good. Who's Janet? The girl who's body I used to... Oh God! OK, I just-- I need a version of this story that starts with a beginning. I tried to sleep one day. I had a nightmare about my door where I opened it and this darkness came flying out. And it's been messing with me. But it's only been me until this morning when it went all Bret Michaels on the house. Side note: you no longer have a working microwave. What makes you think it's Danny? I don't know who it is, but it's relentless and menacing and it sounds just like Danny. But it can't be Danny because Danny's locked up. Hey, Sally. (Sighs) "26-year-old inmate Danny Angeli "of Suffolk County State Prison has died in custody. "Authorities believe he was killed overnight "by his cellmate." "Angeli was serving time for one count of arson" "and one count of murder in the third degree." Holy crap! Forget the reaper. It's Danny's ghost. He's coming for revenge. You know what? Even if he is, you take a deep breath and you realize that you've been a ghost for quadruple the amount of time that Danny has. He's got nothing. ♪ He's got nothing on you ♪ ♪ He's got nothing on you ♪ I appreciate the Zen routine, I do. But I need a concrete plan of attack, not a daily affirmation. Simple. Just think of all you've learned and how long it took you to learn it. There's no possible way he can be stronger than you. I have pulled some pretty badass moves lately. Exactly. I bet he doesn't even know the trick about iron. Right! I mean, everybody knows the trick about iron. What's the trick about iron? It disperses paranormal presence. - Who makes up these rules? - I don't know. There's a poker in the fireplace, the skillet in the kitchen-- Stop! Stop! Just-- Let me get something straight. A wooden stake has to be aimed directly at your heart to kill you, while I'm easily destroyed upon contact with a common household object? Not destroyed, dispersed. Only for a bit. It's like a taser. Oh, delightful! I get off work in a little bit. I will come straight home, but don't be home alone. There's a girl in 305 who just had her appendix taken out, and she's marathoning the original 90210. I think "Donna Martin graduates!" is up next. And then I will come straight home and we can do this. OK, yeah. Yeah, we can kick his ass! Mm-hmm. And if he wants to play, I say bring it. That bastard's going down. (Sighs) Oh! OK... Please don't leave for that long again! No, I won't. But you-- you guys really shouldn't be here. We were thinking of going for drinks before we turn tonight, celebrate your return. A new cocktail lounge opened. They do insane things with acai. I'm meeting Josh tonight. Friend to friend -- I do think that we're on that level of honesty by now -- You can do better, Nora. The guy's a tool. He runs with a vampire. The guy's my boyfriend. And I'm having enough trouble trying to make things work without you driving a wedge between us. You lied to him about talking to me while I was gone, as if things weren't complicated enough right now. OK, wait, wait. Yes, we lied. But so did he. Did he even tell you how Will's investigation went away? Josh, we need to talk. I wanted to talk to you too, actually. I noticed some-- some irregularity in my brain-- Josh! Did Aidan really send this cop Cecilia to murder the twins? It's not exactly what happened. You knew? And you didn't try to stop him? He was acting as a friend. By trying to kill mine! This is Aidan! He's not a terrorist. He cares about you. He did this for you! You go off and you did this horrible thing. And then you just disappeared. What was he supposed to think? He thought you were in danger. So you do think what I did was horrible? You said it yourself. You tore someone apart. Not by choice! Instinctually. Oh! So is that why you locked yourself up for over 2 weeks, to convince yourself that murder is an acceptable instinct? We're wolves, Josh. It's what we do! We kill. Well, by that logic, so do vampires. Vampires kill. Hell, all monsters kill! So how is what Aidan did any different than you killing Will? - What he did was personal. - It was personal? But you offing your ex-boyfriend, that's somehow not! Where's the line, Nora? Or do you just make it up as you go? Wow! You're messed up. The twins really messed you up worse than I thought. - You think I'm messed up? - Yes. I'll be turning tonight with my friends in the shed. (Cell phone ringing) Cecilia, where the hell have you been? Cecilia's terribly sorry for missing your call. We've been so wrapped up in our own little world. You know, getting familiar. Her backstory is fascinating. Did you know that her mother raised 7 children by herself? I'm overwhelmed thinking about the laundry. Who is this? (Connor chuckles) I don't believe that we've ever been formally introduced. Well, I'm Connor McLean. My sister Brynn and I go a long way back with Josh. Mm-hmm, yeah. Great, the twins. Put Cecilia on the phone. (Sighs) (Grunts) Aidan, I made a mistake. Yeah, Aidan, we're both gentlemen here, so let's just face it. This is between you and us. (Snickers) No one else need be hurt, certainly not Cecilia. Don't you dare hurt her anymore. And we won't, assuming that you meet us in the woods tonight. The scenery is just exquisite during a full moon, don't you think? All right, what do you think, Aidan? Cecilia dies or you Google-Map your bloodsucking ass with the coordinates I'm about to give you. Danny? (Exhales) Is that the best you got? Poor thing. You died in neon. Nice to see you too. I thought about you every day. I'm gonna give your newbie ghost a beat-down to right home about. You hear about that? Aidan... I became a ghost in prison, sweetheart. Think I didn't learn your tricks and more? I'm sure it was really badass being strangled by your cellmate. (Laughing) You know, the funny thing about you is you keep talking and talking, but I know the more you talk, the more scared you really are. Was it because you snored or did you use too much teeth? I don't need this to kill you. Ah! (Grunts) Who are you? You know exactly who I am. Reaper. Atlee. You were right. They do know more. There is a threat and it must be handled delicately. Continue. The wolves who murdered Hegeman are running loose around the city. The wolves? The twin wolves who murdered Hegeman. They turn in the woods on the full moon, but we can take them together tonight in the place where they killed our brother. I can't do this alone. And you shan't. We'll avenge Hegeman together. These wolves... one for me, one for you. How can I be sure you speak the truth? Atlee, we gotta trust each other if we're gonna survive the night. Purebreds are vicious. Purebreds? Purebred wolves? Yes. You have dealt with purebreds before? Don't be ridiculous. What I meant was they're overconfident, vulnerable to the element of surprise. You draw the wolves out of hiding, bring them to me. Then we can take them both out together. (Sighs) Wait for me here. I don't wanna fight. Because I love you. And I wanna be with you more than anything. Even if it means turning in these woods with them. (Laughs) Bravo! Yeah, bravo! Shhh! (Sniffs) Our guest has arrived. You can come in. What are you doing here? He's here because he tried to have us killed. Aidan had nothing to do with it. Josh-- - It was me. I sent Cecilia. - What? Twist! (Chuckles) (Groans) We presumed some kind of indirect association, but responsible? Kind of perfect you showed up when you did. (Josh): Aidan, get out! Oh, he can't leave yet. - We haven't explained the rules. - Right. Rules for what? The vampire hunt. The McLeans' version of a fox hunt: beast versus beast in their truest form. (Screaming) It's been played by our family for centuries. And since Boston is nothing if not a city steeped in tradition, we felt it only right to share. Where is Cecilia! Well, the good news is she's somewhere in the woods with your vampire's gun. The bad news is we might find her first. But the best news is that you might kill Josh, or better yet, Josh might kill you. Aidan, get out now! (Werewolves groaning) (Screaming) (Both screaming) (Both growling) So has it been you the whole time? Stalking me? Stalking sounds so unsavoury. I'm sorry. Please help me put it in a more appealing way. When people live their lives and do the various bad things that they do, they wonder: "Will there be consequences?" And the answer is yes. I knew not taking my door was a bad thing. It did cause you to emerge as a person of interest. There's an order. I come to those that create imbalance in that order and I get rid of them. And now you're here for me. I didn't pass up my door on purpose. I was... I was saving my friend. (Sighs) It is a conundrum. The ones I normally dispose of, they're more... problematic. See? There's some sketchy stuff going on, way worse than me. You are an interesting case, Sally Malik. What do you mean? You're... special. You really think so? I don't normally converse. I sense that. The chaos of the afterlife needs to be contained every day. Danny... that helped set things right for today. But for tomorrow... I think you can see where I'm going with this. Just tell me how much time I have. Aidan! - They're coming. - How many are there? - Four. - We cannot survive four! Shhh! Atlee, listen to me. We have to be strong for Hegeman. Not when it's my own funeral. You wanna go back a coward? I'd rather return a coward than dead! Godspeed, brother! I want you to take this. It's a-- a housewarming gift. A fern is a housewarming gift. I can only do this, live here with you, if I know that I, or it, won't hurt you. I need a nuclear option. It's silver. (Cecilia): Aidan! Aidan! (Snarling) Nora? Josh, no. (Roaring) Come on, pal. Let it go. Let it go. (Snarling) (Yelps) Aidan, Aidan... Aidan... I've lost so much blood. Is my body gonna heal? (Growling) We're alright. We're OK. There is a way out of this. The bullets are in the shed. Come on, come on. (Groans) I'll just slow you down. You know what you have to do. (Aidan): No. Please. Or we'll both die. Run, Aidan. Go, go. (Screaming) (Crickets chirping) Oh... Have you just been waiting for me? You came to me. I knew you would. I've been thinking about what you said. And I want you to know that you're wrong about me. I'm not special. What are you then? I'm miserable. When I was alive... it never even entered my mind that I could exist on another plane when I died and watch everyone move on without me... and eventually forget me. When I met my roommates, I thought: "This is amazing. It's easier now." "We're in this together." But then they moved on without me too. Everybody else has... something else to think about... somebody else to be with. And I have nothing. So maybe it's time to stop running. What's it like getting reaped? Where do you go? You don't go. It just ends. It's almost dawn. New day, new quota to fill. This has been nice. But pleasantries don't balance the universe. I have to take someone. Make your arrangements. (Birds chirping) ♪ How quickly it unfolds ♪ How far we fall ♪ ♪ Does it ever just ♪ ♪ Work out all right? ♪ ♪ Buried inside ♪ ♪ Sinking like stone ♪ ♪ Forget who I am ♪ ♪ Drifting away... ♪ Oh God! Are you-- What did we do? It wasn't Aidan. I remember that much. Who... Wh-- what was it? Does it matter? Whatever it was is dead. What else do you remember? You tried to save me. Uh... All I've ever done... all I've ever wanted to do is protect you. I feel horrible the morning after a turn. It gets easier, the pain. It dissipates with time as your body gets used to the change. No, Josh. I feel horrible because I'm no longer a wolf. I wasn't hiding on the Cape because I was afraid of what I did to Will. I was hiding from the fact that I didn't feel any remorse. Nora... You tried to kill your pack. And part of me is having a hard time forgiving you for that. But there's also a part of me that, in some sick way, is almost proud, Josh. For one small moment, you gave in to your natural urge. You gave in to the wolf. Would you listen to yourself? You're talking about packs and urges? That's my reality, Josh. And it's yours too. But it doesn't have to be this way. Our relationship began because you wanted to feel more human. You wanted to be human. And that's the difference between us. You wanna be human... and I don't think I do. So you'd give up on us? You'd really give up on us after all this? Josh, that night in the woods, the first time I turned, maybe I saved your life... but I was saved too. (Sighs) Where are you going? We can do this together, Josh. I'm gonna go get my stuff out of the shed. And then I'm gonna get out of the woods. And then I'm gonna forget this night ever happened. ♪ Oh, and I forget who I am ♪ ♪ Forget who I am ♪ (Connor laughing) What a game! Am I right, hmm? I gotta say, I'm surprised to see the two of you standing. I mean, Nora I wasn't too worried about. But, Josh, you're scrappier than I thought, man. Respect. And you! (Chuckles) You were a worthy opponent, Cochise. I mean, this guy, he really-- (Nora gasps) No! No! No! No! (Brynn screaming) One more. (Groaning) Leave Boston now. (Crying) (Brynn screaming) (Brynn): No! ♪ I'm not too comfortable ♪ ♪ To fall from the start ♪ ♪ In these broken songs ♪ ♪ Like you said I should ♪ ♪ Like you understood... ♪ You survived, brother. No thanks to you. Bring this home with you. Tell whatever story you want. You killed the wolf that killed Hegeman. Call yourself a hero. I don't care, 'cause your business here is done! ♪ I'm not too comfortable ♪ ♪ To fall from the start... ♪ Remember that time... (Sighs) I never thought that I could find friends like you. (Sighs) You guys are like my family. Ugh! Vomit! (Door closing) ♪ Singing broken songs... ♪ (Sighs) ♪ Like you said I should... ♪ I never came back for you. Sally, I'm sorry. Are you OK? (Door closing) Are you? Just a long night. ♪ But I'll build a home ♪ ♪ In these broken songs ♪ ♪ Like you said I should ♪ ♪ Like you understood ♪ Goodbye. ♪ I'm not too comfortable... ♪ I'm ready. ♪ To fall from the start ♪ Sync and corrections by n17t01 www.addic7ed.com 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 