Pan Am: Season 1, Episode 6 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Pan Am 
 s1e6 - The Genuine Article - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Pan Am (2011–2012): Season 1, Episode 6 - The Genuine Article - full transcript 
 Maggie is perilously close to losing her job for insubordination, but still manages to maneuver her way onto the flight down to Rio de Janeiro. She reflects back on the rocky path she took ... 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 NARRATOR:  Previously onPan Am... Why don't you come in out of the fog, Captain? Do we have enough room here?Yes, of course. It's the Vice President. DEAN: I don't plan on telling him. Want to go for a ride? I think I've already been taken for one. There'll be a man on your next flight, Niko Lonza. We'll need fingerprints. After you. Pardon me? We'd all like to know what you're weighing in at these days. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Miss Ryan and I can continue our conversation with her supervisor upon her return. You keep this up, you're not gonna be around much longer. [JAZZ SONG PLAYING] GINNY: So what do you say? Am I Pan Am material? [CHUCKLES] My shoes and socks, too? Remarkably comfortable, I must say. Well, I'll have to buy you a pair. Mmm. Men's socks... The way to a woman's heart. Mmm. Promise not to have too much fun in Rio? What am I gonna wear? [CHUCKLES] 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 What I did... it was stupid, Miss Havemeyer. I apologize. I was attempting a little levity, uh, stupidly. And at my expense. At the expense of Pan American World Airways. How did I hurt Pan Am? My ability to effectively... Never mind. [CHUCKLES] You're right. I made a mistake. I will never do it again. As this is one of several infractions, your file will be sent to the Base Manager. Excuse me. Are you firing me? The matter is now under review... Please. I have worked my entire life to be here. And until an official decision is made, yes, you are grounded. But I have a flight to Brazil in two hours. We'll find a replacement. Who can speak Portuguese? KATE: Maggie. KATE: Whoa, Maggie, watch out. [GASPS] Oh. Oh. Whoa. You almost stepped in it. [CHUCKLES] Yeah. Nothing new. MAN: Hey. I tried you at home. You were pulled from the Rio flight. No, not yet. Mrs. Olcott said that I could still... Not you, Maggie. Kate. Me? Uh, why? Headquarters can't find your smallpox vaccination. Uh, do you want to see the scar? They suspect it's their mistake, but they still can't let you fly until it's sorted out. Could be a good thing. Your landlord called. [SIGHS] There's a busted pipe in your building. Uh, did he leave a name? [CAMERA SHUTTER CLICKING]Richard something. Mmm-hmm. What's with the photographer? Lifemagazine. They're doing a follow-up piece of their April profile. "Day in the Life of Pan Am Stewardesses." Really? Our crew? Uh, don't get too excited. He's specifically here for Laura. Sprung it on her 10 minutes ago. Huh. The powers that be are just full of surprises this morning. And I'm off to deal with a plumber. Mmm.Take care of my sister. Oh, don't worry. I won't leave her side. [CLICK] More ginger ale for you, Mrs. Brous? Yes, but this time with a little bourbon. Two fingers. As soon as we're airborne. [CLICKS] Sorry. A little Pan Am posterity. [CHUCKLES] Best opening line I've had in months. A book? But not just any book. The Feminine Mystique. You actually read the whole thing? Didn't skip to the answer key in the back? Half a million copies sold, and to whom? Women, and understanding women is the best way to get women. [LAUGHS] You understand women? Oh, less than ever, but at least now it sounds like I do. [CHUCKLES] Mink. 12:00. You're flying your paramour down to Rio? [MAN SPEAKS INDISTINCTLY OVER RADIO] [CLICKING] Good morning. Welcome aboard. Why, thank you. Hello, Miss Saddler. Captain Lowrey, you remembered me. I'm flattered. And I'm surprised to see you flying with us again so soon. It seems I can't get enough of your Pan Am service. Well, we'll try not to disappoint. I'm counting on it. Love the uniform. Colette, I need you to switch to Economy. Laura's in First. I'll cover both. Covering both or covering the photographer? [CHUCKLES] I'm in need of a little public relations. Is that what they call it these days? Management and I have a small difference of opinion. Anything serious? No, just my usual pickle. [CHUCKLES] Okay. [WHISPERS] Okay. [BELL DINGS] MAN: Order up. Oh. Not again with that book. Takes me out of this place. So does that door. Outside that door is a crazy father in a trailer with two flat tires. In here, at least everyone's pretty, all their clothes are beautiful, and none of the parties serve beer. Books make me sleepy. [CHUCKLES] [SPEAKING PORTUGUESE] How about some English? I don't speak Portuguese. This is America. You bad waitress. You pick up. You mean boss. You hold horses. [COINS CLATTER] [CLATTER] Three cents? Three cents? I live off my tips. I grasp that. Really? You grasp that? What was wrong with my service? The service was adequate. Then why didn't you leave me an adequate tip? I didn't want to encourage you. [SIGHS] I drove my first truck here right after the war, and, uh, Rose in there served me coffee, black. I was saving up to go to school on my G.I. Bill, but 14 years later, I'm still driving a truck. She's still pouring Joe. [UPBEAT SONG PLAYING] [TRUCK DOOR CLOSES] [ENGINE STARTS] [HORN HONKING] Wait! Stop! Wait! I'm coming with you. Stop! I'm coming! [INDISTINCT CONVERSATIONS] August in New York. Even the flies are sweating. Smallpox? Really? I could have just told them your results were back, set their inquiring minds aquiver. Why did you pull me from my flight? Why haven't I heard from you? I haven't had anything since Monte Carlo. Haven't you? Your friend at the United Nations, Niko Lonza? I've seen him a few times. You said he wasn't the target. At the time he wasn't. Lonza works at the Yugoslavian Consulate. Their president, Josip Tito, has been playing us off the soviets. How does that involve Nik... Mr. Lonza? Your Niko's leaving town this week, diplomatic business. We need the wheretos and whatfors and where he stands politically. We never talk politics. Here's your chance. [ENVELOPE CLATTERS] An amusement park? Go play some hooky with your Communist friend. [ENGINES ROARING] MAN OVER PA: The weather in Rio de Janeiro is a lovely 76 degrees. It would be a nice break from the New York humidity. [CLICKS] Again... [SIGHS] Don't pose. I don't know how not to. Excuse me. You looked totally natural in that cover picture. Because I didn't know anyone was taking it. Hard to surprise you here. Where am I gonna stand? [CHUCKLES] They told me this wouldn't happen, if at all, until next month. What can I say? Your Pan Am Brass suddenly wanted this in Rio. If I may, Mr... Graham will do. Well, Graham, if you want to see more of the candid, spontaneous side of the Pan Am stewardess, you really need to see us out of uniform. Out of uniform? Oh, don't get ideas. [CHUCKLES] I mean Rio. I've made a list. Shopping, the beaches of Ipanema, the botanical gardens, a night of samba, bossa nova. Ambitious list. [CHUCKLES] You should see the one I sent Santa. [BOTH CHUCKLE] Look, Laura's a little uncomfortable with too much attention, but she listens to me. I can make this easier for both of you, if you could do a girl a favor. I've worked with temperamental before. [CHUCKLES] I meant me. Laura was three weeks out of training when that cover landed her a spot on this brand-new clipper. Maybe you could sprinkle some of that fairy dust my way and help me get out of a jam? Hey, I'm just a guy with a camera. Who decides where it's pointed. [CHUCKLES] Nice maneuver, but you'll never give him the slip at 30,000 feet. I can't understand why they couldn't pick someone with more experience. Experience is overrated. Maggie, I need your help with a woman in 11C. She wants something but only speaks Portuguese. Whenever I have to do something I really don't want to, I pretend I'm playing a role, like an actress in a movie. Give him a little... Betty Boop? [CHUCKLES] Brigitte Bardot? Bardot's a blonde. Not originally.Oh. Hello, ladies. I know that I shouldn't, but I'm just going to poke my head in. Do you want me to take anything in to the pilots? Uh, I... I don't think so. Roger that. Should I have stopped her? She is Mr. Henson's secretary and Mr. Henson is a Pan Am Vice President. [WHISPERS] Oh. If that woman is Henson's secretary, then I'm his dog walker. [BOTH CHUCKLE] 11C? Portuguese. "Movie. Fred and Ginger." 15 letters. Mmm. Easy. Flying Down to Rio. Is that whole puzzle about Rio? Okay, smarty-pants. "'Hunchback' in Portuguese." Nine letters. Sanjeev covers the hunchback stuff. Corcovado. [GASPS] Gold star, Captain Lowrey. Corco-what? Corcovado, that beautiful mountain right in the middle of the city. The one with the big Jesus? I'm always afraid we're gonna fly right into him. I think big Jesus is where my boss wants to take some of the pictures. That would be Mr. Henson, Vice President? He's gonna be in Rio? Oh, he's already there... Preparing or something. Lifemagazine photo shoot with one of the stewardesses. And that's why you're headed down. Well, you know these VPs. Can't blow their nose without a gal and a steno pad by their side, so here I am. [CHUCKLES] Yes, here you are. Keeping that for yourself, are you? Maybe it's for a special girl back home. You say that because you know how competitive I am. [CHUCKLES] It's for my niece Magda. In Yugoslavia, we don't have bears. We have wolves. You're going home? Yeah, to Zagreb, just for one week. [SNIFFLES] You will miss me? Is that a command or a question? Both. [CHUCKLES] [CHUCKLES] A fortune-teller. Let's get our palms read. [SIGHS] I don't need to come all the way to America to be swindled. [CHUCKLES] Well, that's too bad. A Gypsy woman once told me I'd fall in love with a dark, handsome stranger. And instead you're stuck with me. See? Anyone can read a palm. [CHUCKLES] [GASPS] Bad news? A secret. Which one? Any one you want to tell me. Here? You want to hear a secret? [CHUCKLES] We could always leave it to the Gypsy. Here is a secret. My mind is full of you. I go to sleep this way. I wake up this way. You follow me like a ghost... [CHUCKLES] Which is no good. No good? With a ghost, I can't do this. The bear is yours. [CHUCKLES] [ROARING] You aren't following me, are you? [CHUCKLES] I was about to ask you the same thing. [CHUCKLES] Oh, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. Allow me. [KEY JANGLES] You didn't, by any chance, arrange this, did you? Right next door. I'm good, but I'm not that good. I hope you and Henson aren't the noisy type. Or that foolish. Well, you're certainly not that forthcoming. Nine hours ago, it's all garters and socks. [CHUCKLES] There's no mention of Rio, no mention of Henson. And if I had? Then I might have discouraged you from flying Pan Am today. Well, then I guess I am that good. Monte Carlo was a lark. It was wild, and by some miracle, we managed to swerve around the accident in the road, but Rio... Rio is the accident waiting to happen. Let's keep it in New York, Ginny. We can read the road signs. We can speak the language. Hit with common sense, the mighty warrior falls. LAURA: Kate specifically asked for an alligator bag. Oh. I think we got enough shopping. Now I'm wasting film. I haven't even bought anything yet. What was wrong with the clutch with the big buckles? Genuine alligator "style," if "style" means plastic. Will Kate even know the difference? Meanwhile, somewhere people are dancing the bossa nova. I... I'm sorry. You two go ahead. Kate never asks me for anything, and I really want to do this for her. I thought we had a deal. I'll get her back on track. Meet us by that big red canoe we saw in 15 minutes. But not much longer. Life is waiting. [CHUCKLES] Did we mention we're stewardesses? We can tell everybody on the plane how to find your shop or tell them to stay away. Pan Am? All day long. So we'd like the real thing but for the plastic prices. Tudo bem. [CHUCKLES] Stick with me, kid. I know the lay of the land. Drop slips are red. Red folder. Add slips are blue. Blue folder. We usually hire a student for this job, but they can be so unreliable. What's this folder for? That's a request for transcripts. That gets walked down to Harvey in records. Now he will probably offer you an official degree for your phone number. You'll want to avoid him. And where is he exactly, so I can avoid him? Main administration building. [WHISPERS] Oh. I need to drop a class. Roxanne Gibson. Oh, World Literature. It's a shame. Oh, I know. Professor Kolker is supposed to be wonderful, but it interferes with my job. You're a stewardess? Yes. Pan Am. Guess it's a giveaway. Oh, it's more than that. The way you carry yourself. Pan Am training. Confidence, leadership, and diplomacy, all done with style and poise. Poise. Anyway, I work Friday flights so I can fit in classes here, but I have to sacrifice World Lit. Mmm. Red slip. I'll take care of it. [CHUCKLES] Ahem. Don't you have more important things you could be doing? [CHUCKLES] PROFESSOR KOLKER: Welcome to World Literature. As I call your name, respond not with "here," but with the title of the one book that you would request if you were shipwrecked on a desert island. From that, I will extrapolate and perhaps judge you. Barnsdale. A Farewell to Arms. Cheer up, Barnsdale. [STUDENTS CHUCKLE] Lareau. Tropic of Cancer. Well-played, Lareau. You're on a desert island, after all. Gibson. Roxanne Gibson. The Great Gatsby. Torn between the lunk who opens your coconuts and the man you left behind? Oh, I'm not Daisy, sir. I'm Gatsby. Ah. In love with what she can't have. You do realize you end up shot to death in your own pool? Not before I throw some truly fabulous parties at my tree house, sir. [STUDENTS CHUCKLE] "Damn the torpedoes." I like that. I can't believe the texture. You know genuine when you feel it. Come on. This way. And this? I never thought I could afford to replace Ted's. How can that man make a profit selling a Rolex so cheaply? I'd say he got the "fell off a truck" discount and passed it on to us. Hurry up. Graham's waiting. You mean they're damaged? You didn't notice that nothing in that stall was in its original box? Wait. They're stolen? I bought a stolen watch? You want me to give a stolen bag to my sister? It's not like we stole them.Maggie. Well, if we hadn't bought them, someone else would have. [SIREN WAILS] MAGGIE: Don't look guilty. Uh, so I... I figured, uh, right out of the gate at the airport, go for it. She worked for, um, Aerolinhas... Brasileiras or something. Isn't that a cargo carrier? [CHUCKLES] That was my opening line. [CHUCKLES] Oh, yeah. "Ola, senhorita. "I would like to show you my very heavy cargo." These Brazilian women, they don't understand me. It's pitiful. It's pitiful. GINNY: Captain Lowrey. HENSON: You're right, Ginny. It is the good Captain and his merry crew. [CLEARS THROAT] Miss Saddler. Mr. Henson. Good evening. Mr. Henson, good to see you, sir. Good to see you, too, Vanderwill. Vanderway. Or Ted. Whichever. We thought you all might like to join us for dinner. If you haven't eaten. We're all here, right? Well, I... I'm afraid you're going to have to make do with the good Captain and Miss Valois. I have, uh... An assignation? [CHUCKLES] You know these Brazilian girls. [CHUCKLES] One strike left with the bases loaded. Well, swing away, by all means, Vanderwick. [SIGHS] [WHISPERS INDISTINCTLY] Yeah. This is swell. Shall we? [WHISPERING] What if they cut off our hands? [LOWERED VOICE] We're in Rio, not Saudi Arabia, and we didn't steal anything. Tell them that. Tell them anything. You haven't said a word in our defense. That's because there's nothing to defend. They don't know our purchases fell off a truck. Then why are we here? [SIGHS] For whatever reason they come up with. Loitering, probably. Loitering? We were shopping. We need to call Pan Am. Pan Am? Yes. Yes. Pan Am. Hotel Intercontinental. Maggie, he obviously wants to clear things up. He obviously wants a bribe. Look, this happens. They pull two girls into the big, scary jail in the hopes of getting a payoff. Well, it worked. I'm scared, so let's pay them off. We don't have enough on us, and everybody we know is out for the evening, so if we just keep our mouths shut, they'll let us go, okay? I am supposed to meet the photographer and Mr. Henson first thing in the morning. Go over there right now, find out how much they want, and then tell them we need to make a long-distance call to New York. Kate can wire the money. I can't do that. We... Maggie, I don't want to spend the night in... I mean, I actually can't do that. I don't speak Portuguese. But... But that's one of your languages. I've heard you speak it. A few words. I can tell Officer Roberto what a bad waitress he is, if you think that'll help. You're a fake. It was the best of semesters. It was the worst of semesters. Yes, these grades are final. No, you may not question them, nor may you grovel. No hysterics. [CHUCKLES] How about dignified weeping? Jane Austen would not approve. But Jane Austen didn't have to pull three all-nighters before finals. I doubt Miss Austen would blanch at a little academic critique. Why then, I wonder, did she write under a pseudonym? Who in this class would understand her motives better than you, Roxanne? [DOOR CLOSES] You would have gotten an A on the exam. In fact, you did well the whole term, or rather... [LATCH CLICKS] Somebody did well. It's my work. And you are whom? Roxanne? Susan? Marjorie? Did you really think you could keep this up, sitting in on classes, masquerading as other girls? I was working at the registrar's office. People kept dropping these wonderful classes. All I did was pick them up. You're not even enrolled. Do you have any idea how much trouble you're in? Gatsby, indeed. You're smart. You're a hard worker, well-possessed. Make someone see that. GINNY: To Pan American World Airways. Mmm-hmm. [CLINKING] Pan American. [CHUCKLES] Pan American. La meilleure compagnie aerienne de tous les temps. Ooh. The best airline that ever will be. Mmm. I didn't know you spoke French. Oh, gosh, no. What did I say? Almost exactly what I said. Hmm. But you notice the difference, though? No accent. [CHUCKLES] That's why you're a Vice President. [CHUCKLES] And you, Captain, are an excellent pilot, and there is nothing wrong with that. To... To Air Force training. Oh. [CHUCKLES] "Yes, sir! No, sir! Right away, sir!" All that authority crap. I would have put a gun in my mouth. And yet you are authority. Everywhere but in the cockpit. [CHUCKLES] Ooh. I think I've waited almost too long. I'm going to the little girl's room. I'll go with you. First, where is that waiter? I'm going to get us some more eau-de-vie. That's French, right? Oui. Be right back. Yeah. I don't know how you handle the travel. Oh, you seem to travel quite a lot. I don't know how the hell I handle it. [CHUCKLES] Well, you know what they say. [CLEARS THROAT] Plenty of water. No. Plenty of Ginny. Oh, don't play confused on me now, Captain. I think we both know Ginny's not my secretary. I don't...sir, w hat...what two people do on their own... No, no, no. Don't call me sir. Call me Henson. [CLEARS THROAT] Ginny is over-the-rainbow wacky. And intoxicating. [STUTTERING] I wouldn't, uh... [INHALES DEEPLY] She does have a way about her. Most men wouldn't understand why I... I love her, but you, Captain, I'm guessing you are a man who does. [SIGHS] With this faith, we will be able to transform the jangling discords of our nation into a beautiful symphony of brotherhood. With this faith, we will be able to work together, to pray tog... Excuse me. We were watching that. Brave man. Reminds me of my cousin. Men like that don't live too long in my country. It took a lot of years to make that speech possible, and even now... Yeah, but still, so many people came to listen. Here in...in America, there is...there is hope. You don't have hope for Yugoslavia? It... It is static. And worse, I'm static. I thought Tito was making changes. Oh, changes, yeah, but, uh, for the better? Where's the music? We need some music. [CHUCKLES] You're choosing? Oh, I'm paying. You're choosing. Something new, for a new day. Okay. "Roy Orbison. The Beach Boys. The Chiffons." Chime in. You see anything you like? "Walk Like a Man?" Oh, yeah. Frankie Valli & The Four Seasons. Any good? [CHUCKLES] It's really good. Okay, before I invest my nickel, you tell me how it goes. [CHUCKLES] I am not singing. Pay your money and take your chances. Should I take you home? [CHUCKLES] It seems like something's bothering you. The people in that square... [SIGHS] They face great risk for what is right. They walk like men. Niko, in my experience, you know, life changes every minute. If there's something you want to do, it's never too late. Dean. [CHUCKLES] Dean, it's me. [KNOCKING ON DOOR] Dean, I'm so sorry. It was such a stupid idea. [SIGHS] Dean. [SIGHS] This isn't necessary. Necessary? You mean like how fluency in Portuguese is necessary for stewardesses who claim to speak it? You know, food must taste great from a silver spoon... Necessary, so you can, say, serve drinks, offer directions, or, I don't know, talk your way out of a police precinct in Rio de Janeiro? [SPEAKING PORTUGUESE] [ENUNCIATES PORTUGUESE WORD] [REPEATS WORD] [WHISPERS] Thank you. [CONTINUES IN NORMAL VOICE] TED: Where's your photographer now? Ted. [TED LAUGHING] Oh, I'm just dying to know how you ladies pulled this one off. Ah. There we go. I never thought I'd be able to afford to replace yours. Oh, you didn't have to do that. You were so sweet to... Okay, okay. Can you just get us out of here? Just be grateful I happened to be striking out at the hotel bar when these gentlemen called up asking to speak to the Pan Am boss. Suficiente? [PANTING] [BOTH SPEAKING INDISTINCTLY] [EXHALES DEEPLY] Excuse me. Pan Am? There you are. I'm Maggie Ryan. I'm sorry, Miss Ryan. The interviews were from 3:00 to 6:00. Oh, please! I... I came all the way from Tacoma. I'm afraid we've found our girls. Well, I would have made it on time if it weren't for the accident. A logging truck, the bindings came loose, and timber was raining from the sky, and I had to stay until the ambulances came. You would be surprised how few people know how to staunch the flow of blood. Well, that's very impressive. But as I'm sure you're aware, the Pan Am stewardess is, above all things... Cultured. I've had my heart broken twice, Mr... Claymore. Once by a boy named Chip and once by a man named F. Scott Fitzgerald. And I wasn't even an English major. World History, that's my passion. My transcript, hot off the presses of the Berkeley Registrar's Office. I saw to it myself. Well, you've got gumption, Miss Ryan. And poise, Mr. Claymore... That Pan Am poise. I did a stint modeling the latest fashions from Paris. But the thing that irks me about modeling... What really riles me... That it's all about the body and nothing at all to do with the brain. I think women should be acknowledged for their brain. I... I see you took some Spanish. Hmm. Unfortunately, we have a surplus of Spanish speakers. [SPEAKING PORTUGUESE] Catalan? Portuguese. You're fluent? Here's the thing. I've been training my whole life for this job. I know both elbow grease and elocution. But I think the most important thing for a Pan Am stewardess is that she be good company for the journey and a fast friend. [SPEAKING CROATIAN] [RECEIVER SLAMS] I'm sorry for that. No, I hate to see you this upset. My cousin has been put on a show trial. You know what that is? It's a favorite practice of Tito's regime. The defendant has little-to-no opportunity to justify himself. My cousin, he was forced to sign a statement under duress. He was tortured? He'll be found guilty. I must go to Belgrade and do what I can. But what about Zagreb and your family? It'll have to wait. Niko, are you in danger? Tito has put an entire nation in danger. Chief Architect of the Second Yugoslavia, and yet his dreams are not for his people. I must go and try to help my cousin. This might be the last time I'll ever see him again. Niko... My mind is full of you, too. Maggie, those cops were lucky there wasn't a fork around. Don't start in on me, okay? I know. You warned me before, and I didn't listen. Whoa. That was me saying hi. You girls did your time, paid your debt to society. Tell that to the Base Manager. I thought we kept him out of this. Not the one in Rio, Ted. [SIGHS] You mean New York? You mean that Base Manager? Ted... I disagree with your politics, your attitude toward women, and, well... You as a person in general, but... You show up. You come through, and not everyone does that, so... Thank you. Maggie, what is going on? Maggie? Are you sure you don't need a few more plane photos? I have plenty. I didn't mean to abandon you at the beach, honest. Well, even Coco Chanel only stood me up for three hours. You shot Coco Chanel? Almost. She, uh, ran off with an alligator bag. I don't suppose I could make it up to you. I could make you a list. I'll get you a pen. Oh.Sorry. Mr. Henson, can I offer you anything? No, thank you. I'm fine. Then maybe you can help me with something. If a girl was to find herself in a little bind with the airline, would you be in a position to perhaps put in a good word? I don't get involved in personal issues, if that's what you mean. It wasn't even a serious infraction. I can't help you. Sorry. Well... Thank you anyway. [GLASSES CLINK] Did Graham get all the shots he needed? I owe him some time in New York. Well, I'm sure it'll be fine. You'll be the model stewardess. Well, that's funny, coming from you. I already apologized. In what language? Portuguese? I didn't hear anything that sounded like an apology. No one ever had any expectations of me. Never thought I could get anywhere. Not my family, not my friends. But for some reason, I did. Even though I didn't know where "anywhere" was or how I would find it. Yet here I am. I made a new me. I took a lot of shortcuts, I told more than a few fibs. Every time I got caught, I moved on. Each close call was a stepping-stone to something better. But this time, there is nothing better. This is it. I can't lose Pan Am. Why would you lose it? [SCOFFS] The truth is, I admire you more than you know. And I'm sorry, Laura. He was flying to Zagreb, but he changed his plans. Belgrade. His cousin's on show trial there. Anything else? He's not a Communist. They don't all carry cards, you know. He hates Tito, admires Martin Luther King, and he even likes Frankie Valli & The Four Seasons. The part about Tito is interesting. He said that Tito's dreams were not for his people. Daring words for a diplomat. He must trust you. He shouldn't. Sounds like he's working for the wrong people. Is that what this is about? You want him to spy for you? For us. You'll have to tread lightly. Turning a target into an asset is about patience and control. For now, just keep building on that trust. You want me to turn him? Welcome to the big leagues. Richard, no. I'm a...a courier, remember? I... This is... I can't do this. With the way Niko feels about Tito, how long do you think he's going to last? [ENGINE WHIRRING] [KNOB CLICKS] Dean. Everett's inside. It's fine. Ginny, let's give this a few days. You were right. Rio was... I was the accident waiting to happen. And the Dinner... I'm... I'm sorry that I put you through that. I know you are, but... but this is not the time to talk about it. I don't... I don't wanna sneak around anymore. Neither do I. I don't... I don't wanna pretend anymore. I can't pretend anymore, Dean. Not when I've fallen in love. Margaret. Margaret, before you go, the Base Manager's expecting you in his office. Already? Now? I'm sorry. Margaret? Now. Okay, um, tell him I'll be there in a minute. Mr. Henson, I hate to bother you again, but if you would reconsider helping me out... I already told you, I don't get involved in... What if I returned the favor? Saving your job is more than a favor. What if I could tell you something about someone you're very close to? [JUST ONE MORE CHANCE PLAYING] ♪ Just one more chance [ELEVATOR BELL DINGS] ♪ To prove it's you alone I care for Miss Havemeyer. Miss Ryan, I heard you made a new friend on your flight home from Brazil. I try to make friends wherever I go. I can only imagine. ♪ Just one more chance ♪ But now I'm back to cry my heart out ♪ [SPEAKING PORTUGUESE] MAN ON HEADPHONES: Welcome. How can I help you? [TRANSLATING TO PORTUGUESE] [REPEATS IN PORTUGUESE] Welcome. How can I help you? [HEADPHONES CLATTER] [MAN CONTINUES IN PORTUGUESE] OpenSubtitles recommends using Nord VPN from 3.49 USD/month ----> osdb.link/vpn  
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 