The A-Team: Season 1, Episode 11 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 The A-Team 
 s1e11 - Till Death Do Us Part - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 The A-Team (1983–1987): Season 1, Episode 11 - Till Death Do Us Part - full transcript 
 The team is hired to rescue an heiress who is being forced to marry her late father's partner. The team gets her. But because the man has everyone in the county, including the police in his pocket, they're pinned down. Later the girl tells them she suspects her father's partner of killing her father and he wanted to marry her so that he could get full control of the company. She also tells them that there may be evidence in her father's office which he took over after her father's death, that he killed her father. So in order to get it and to get him to back off, Hannibal has Face marry her, which makes him half owner of the company. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 - Hang on, kid. - I think I'm gonna be sick. The guys have just been caught by Lynch. - I won. - Has he won? General Ludlam and his daughter are more than likely to be found there. You heard what I said. No planes. Dive! Dive! Aoogah! Aoogah! - Where are we? - Borneo. - Where?  - Shh! - He's over there. You will be shot immediately. Firing squad. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Prepare to fire! What about a special meal? Fire! Ten years ago, a crack commando unit was sent to prison by a military court... for a crime they didn't commit. These men promptly escaped from a maximum-security stockade to the Los Angeles underground. Today, still wanted by the government, they survive as soldiers of fortune. If you have a problem, if no one else can help, and if you can find them... maybe you can hire... the A-Team. Cut, cut, cut, cut, cut. That was about as scary as my Duncan Yo-Yo. Now, please, what I need here is real fright. Jeopardy! Go for it! Huh? Registering my name as a pseudonym of the Screen Actors Guild. What made you check into that? 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Well, Colonel Lynch, chasing Hannibal Smith as much as we have... I've come to appreciate his sense of humor. Sense of humor? You think that's funny then, uh, Hannibal Smith working under the name of "Lynch"? Well, I mean, considering the fact that we've looked everywhere for him... and all this time he's working in the open under your very name... Well, no, sir. I don't think that's funny. Excuse me, we're looking for an actor named Lynch. His real name is John Smith. He's using Lynch as an alias. Lynch? You'd think he could do better than that. - Yes, but is he here? - Yeah, he's right over there. I should've known it. We've got him! Great. Okay, good. Ho... What is going on here? This is not the scene where the army is called in yet. - That man is a criminal. I've been chasing him for 10 years... - Who, me? - I've got him and I'm putting him in jail. - Wait a minute. You're kidding? Now? Do you realize the monster is going to be under the garbage ready to attack? This is the most important scene in the picture. Wa-Wait. Please. Look. Come on. It took you 10 years to find this guy. Can't you let me get this one last shot? - No. - There he is. - If it isn't my old namesake. - Hey, what's going on here? End of the line, Smith. First, I wanted to be sure I had you, then we're going to get Peck. - My boys are just waiting for a chance to drop in on Baracus. - You got the wrong guy. - What do you think of that? - Who's Baracus? I thought you guys wanted Lynch. That's him on the motorcycle. He's headed toward Whitsett. Smith's going to warn Templeton Peck. Yes, I'm very happy to see you, but I told you I don't want to get into anything over lunch. We're not at lunch. We're walking to get lunch, so we can clear this up on the way. Oh, we're going to work out our entire relationship on a short walk to the corner? Rhonda, I-I know this has been real tough on both of us... especially you. But, uh, well, I sort of thought things were working out real good for us. They have been... when you've been around. Oh, business takes me away a lot. I explained all that. - Vaguely. - You know, talking about jobs is so boring. Not when they take you away to Guatemala for two weeks... and to the South of France for the weekend and Brazil for Christmas. I mean, is there something you're not telling me? Another woman? Another woman? Oh, Rhonda. Where would I possibly find a woman... who could drag me away from you? Come on, Face. Lynch is right behind me. Let's go. Temp! I'll call you. Bye! Templeton! Go, go, go, go, go! Hang on, kid. And they said I didn't have enough experience to be a stunt double. Ha-ha! - I think I'm gonna be sick. - Not on me. - I think they got away, sir. - You think? Get on the horn to Burrows and tell him to pick up Baracus right now! That's a 10-4. He's been holed up inside the garage ever since we followed him here this morning. He has no idea we're outside waiting. Should be no problem at all. Go! We should be meeting B.A. any minute. Look out, Hannibal! Hey, Grandma, are you okay? You crazy man. What were you trying to do? I wanted to warn you. Lynch is coming. - Thanks. - Good work, Burrows. You'll see a commendation for this. Thank you, sir. Let's go in the patrol car. Oh, I think I'm really gonna be sick! "Three former members of a Vietnam commando team... who've been fugitives for 10 years, have finally been captured, according to military sources." "Colonel John Smith, Lieutenant Templeton Peck and Sergeant Bosco Baracus... "were apprehended after a long military police chase through," uh... 'downtown Los Angeles." Isn't it amazing how fast good news travels? Colonel, I'm impressed you read the paper. I thought you stayed away from anything that didn't have pictures. Go on, Smith. Say anything you want. Insult me. Call me horrible names. It's okay. It's all over now. I won. What kind of a rock did they find you under? Not nearly as big as the one I'm going to use to crush you, Smith. Good morning, Colonel. Why are you barging in here, Major? I'm Major Briggs. This is Mr. Perry. - Mr. Perry. - State Department. These orders are ridiculous. I'm not turning these men over. It's out of your hands, Major. Your superiors know what this is all about. No, I know what it's all about. I've busted my coconut for 10 years to locate and apprehend these people... and now someone wants to step in and get all the glory. Apparently, you managed to do that quite well on your own. And if you think this is a simple matter of the upper brass... trying to get credit for apprehending men wanted for some 10-year-old crime that nobody remembers anyway... - then you are more stupid than you appear. Don't think that I'm not going to pursue this right to the top. I am the top, Colonel... and if you don't want to spend the rest of your commission... in a concrete room in Utah... packing parachutes, then you will get in line here. I like this man. We"ll see about that. I want a complete security shutdown on this base. Cut off the press. No phone calls in or out till I've had a chance to talk to these men. - Sir. - Well, I said I liked the way you talked to the help, Mr. Perry. - I didn't say I'd grant you an audience. - I don't see that you have any choice, Colonel. - Somehow I don't feel this fella has any better news for us than Lynch. - Hmm. I'm sorry, Miss Allen. I don't care who you are. That's the way it is. But, my press pass always gets me on, and the capture of the A-Team is already on the wire. If you would just call Colonel Lynch, he's expecting me. Miss Allen, Col. Lynch can't give you the necessary clearance. Apparently, this story is over. If you're looking for copy, go cover a fire. ♪ We went to the animal fair The birds and the beasts were there ♪ ♪ The funniest was the monk who sat on the elephant's trunk ♪ Murdock? You wanna pay attention here? Attention, sir. I was just rapping with my cousin here. Now, after we get the results on the series of approximations on the animal therapy program... - we think it will prove that each wing is going to be able to get its own pet. Monkeys on the west wing... raccoons on the east... I'm sorry, but you've reached a disconnected number. Now, if you feel you've reached this recording... - in error, how do you think I feel? - Hey, Murdock, it's Amy. - Hey, chiquita, how's it shakin', baby? - Not so good. - The guys have just been caught by Lynch. - What? What happened? I don't know. I can't get in to see 'em. There's a security blanket over the military installation where they're being held. Which is weird. I mean, I got the story over the wire, so the press were admitted at one point. Then all of a sudden, they're an A-10 security zone. Just sit tight, the King of Crazy's on his way. If they move, stay on 'em. You drop a trail of bread crumbs and I'll find you. I'll make it easier for you. I'm just the south side of the military installation. Past the gate. - Got you. - How are you gonna get out? Ohh, that'll be easy. As pet owners, we're gonna have to learn how to take care of them. Feed them, train them, bathe them. You know, Sarge, I had a cat once. But every time I tried to give him a bath, the fur stuck to my tongue. Okay, let's pick which one we want for the day as our little friend. - Who's in favour of the raccoon? - Eenie-meenie-minie-mo, who wants to stay in my cage? Let Howling Mad Murdock know. Murdock? Don't panic. Don't panic. All right, let's get these animals back in their cages. George, after Murdock. Sergeant, if one of these men makes a move to get up from his chair, shoot him. Gentlemen, at this point, each of you is facing a little over 30 years in federal prison. I am here to see that you have an opportunity to avoid serving that term. Gentlemen, I believe that you are familiar with the name General Ludlam? It is our information that he was your commanding officer during certain missions in Vietnam. That sucker sent me to the brig. Said I didn't salute him. Yeah. He sent him to jail for just punching him in the nose. He called me a liar. Nobody call B.A. Baracus a liar. At the moment, the general is languishing in a military compound in Borneo. That lunatic RaShaam and his civil war? Since when is the U.S. sticking its nose into Borneo? The U.S. is not involved. We can't be. - That's where we come in. - Exactly. Since you're already fugitives, you can operate without any connection to the government. When you were captured, our computer linked you with this mission as the perfect assault team. The general went in on his own to get his daughter out who had been taken prisoner by guerrilla forces. - Why did RaShaam want his daughter? - He didn't. He wanted a bargaining chip. Lights, please. Kathy Ludlam was working as a missionary along the Nibong River. - When RaShaam extended his domain further north, she was taken prisoner. - Next. Then RaShaam made us an offer. "He said he'd send the girl back to us if we would send to him our Eastern European defense plan. - Why couldn't you just go in and grab her? - Due to political considerations... - the United States couldn't go into action. - Unfortunately, the general did not concur. It is our information that RaShaam is headquartered in this military compound... twelve kilometres south of Sen Tou. General Ludlam and his daughter are more than likely to be found there. - More than likely? - We believe our intelligence is accurate, Lieutenant. Next. - This is the sketch of the compound. - According to your so-called intelligence? Exactly. As you can see, it's heavily fortified... with access only from thejungle and from the air. Our very best information is that the general and his daughter... should be found in the building on the extreme right. - Well, how do we know they're still alive? - We don't. Lights, please. We do know that RaShaam desperately needs to solidify his place with the Soviet bloc. Our concern is that he will force the information from General Ludlam and sell it to the Russians. We cannot let that happen. More specifically and to the point, you gentlemen cannot. What's in it for "we gentlemen"? A head start. When and if you return, I will see to it that you are cut loose. I can't make any guarantee about seeing the charges against you dropped... and you do understand this is not at all sanctioned by the Pentagon. Terrific offer. A head start. Uh, could we discuss this for a while... alone? Corporal. I ain't goin' nowhere to rescue no sucker who calls me a liar. - Now, B. A... - Next time I see that sucker, I'm gonna do more than punch him. - I'm gonna break his neck. - And I'm not so sure I wanna risk my life... just to get a day's jump on the U.S. Army. - Especially not for no sucker who calls me a liar. - Could we talk this over for a second? - I ain't saving nobody that calls me a liar. - I think we got that real clear. - Face? - Well, I... I think we're putting a lot on the line, Hannibal... just to get back to being what we already are. - Fugitives. - You'd rather spend 30 years in prison. Not really. But, there's always a chance we could get out on good behavior. - Then at least we could start living normal lives. - That's true. Thirty years from now, we could all be playing shuffleboard in the West Valley Retirement Home. Hannibal, RaShaam is a maniac. He's a butcher. Reports keep coming back about torture and firing squads. - Right. We're all agreed. - Right.  - Right. We accept the assignment. It's better than being pulled into a Dumpster by a slime monster, which I should've been playing anyway. Hannibal, you're crazy, just like Murdock. ♪ Oh, five and 20 blackbirds baked in a pie ♪ - Hey, lady, want a lift? - Murdock, what are you doing with a bakery truck? Well, Faceman always told me the fastest way to a man's heart is through his stomach. And the easiest way to break security is through the kitchen. Hop in. I don't want the general's buns to get cold. - Hi, what can I do for you? - Uh, yeah, we got a shipment of desert pastries for the general. Supposed to get 'em to him about 2:00 for some brass reception or something. - I don't show any clearance here for your truck. - It ain't no skin off my back. You know what I mean? Here, sign that. You can tell the general how come he didn't get his éclairs and tea cakes. - Éclairs and tea cakes? - Yeah, four dozen of the general's custard specials. Come on with the signature already. I gotta get 'em back to the fridge if you don't want'em. - Okay, okay. Go on in. I'll call the mess. - Gee, thanks. Colonel Smith, I'm happy to see that you think this is a good deal. Uh, we're gonna need some things. First of all, a complete and accurate map layout of the area we're going into. - Weapons. - And a boat. - I beg your pardon? - AR-15s. - Gonna need a boat to get to Borneo. - You wanna go on a boat? - B.A. doesn't fly. - I die before I fly. That's out of the question. We don't have that kind of time. Hey, man. If you want me to go, then that's how I'll go. But I ain't gonna fly to rescue somebody I don't wanna rescue anyway. - And, uh, some walkie-talkies. - Walkie-talkies. - Hey, man, you heard what I said. No planes. - And some milk. - I've been thinking about something. - Drink your milk. - I don't wanna drink my milk. - But you love milk. - I don't want it now. - Mmm-mm. Boy, there's nothing like a glass of ice-cold milk to give the body all the necessary nutrition. Yeah, Rhonda sure knew how to keep the old body in shape. My body's fine. And if we ain't going by boat, then I don't wanna go. Which means we'll wind up back in the federal slammer. And if that happens, you're looking at the last... nonpowdered, nonfrozen nutritious thing you'll put in your mouth for 30 years. - Ahh. - Ahh. Uh, B.A., you got a little milk mustache there... How are we gonna get to Borneo? By plane. Look, there they are. And they're carrying B.A., which means wherever they're going they're going by air. It's all arranged. It'll appear the three of you have escaped from the military prison. The two M.P. s will be found bound and gagged... and the driver of the limousine will be found in the trunk. I don't understand why Lynch wasn't with them when they got in that limo. I don't understand either. Something's goin' on here. How are we getting to Borneo? We've got a DC-3 waiting at a private airstrip. A DC-3? Are you kidding? Those planes have been out of service for years. Well, Borneo isn't exactly the most modern country. A DC-3 won't look suspicious flying in their airspace. There's something goin' on. The military has plenty of official airfields. There must be a reason why they're using this strip. - What is going on? - I don't know. But, if I don't stay on their tail, I'm never gonna find out. Stay on their tail? How are you gonna do that? They're getting on a plane. - So am I. - What are you gonna do? Stash the truck and then meet me by that plane over there. Excuse me. Excuse me. Those were your orders permitting you to take off I just saw you signing, weren't they? I thought so. I wonder... I wonder if I could interest you in some of my new, high-protein doughnuts. I got 'em over here in my bakery truck, and they are perfect. Murdock. Murdock? - Yeah? - Where's the pilot? It was strange. I was standing there talkin' to him and all of sudden he fell in my arms. - You knocked him out. - Let's not get technical. We gotta stay on those guys. No, wait a minute. You can't come. - Get in the plane. We'll talk about what I can't do later. - But, you can't... - I said get in the plane. - I love it when you're angry. What do you mean they're gone? - Look for yourself, sir. They can't be just gone. - Find Briggs and Perry. - Yes, sir. - Search the base. They gotta be around here somewhere. - Yes, sir. Security. Red alert! Code 1. Red alert. Security, this is a red alert. Code 1. Red alert. This is Kilo Charlie to Oscar Merlin One. - Murdock, can't you just call me Amy? - No, it's not as much fun. Besides, all these fighter guys got crazy names. Uh, now, come on now. How about, uh, Penny? And I can be Sky King. Aren't you getting a little close, Murdock? Songbird banking low and out of sight. There doesn't seem to be a place where a plane can land. Two miles north of the drop zone is a dirt strip. If you're not there in four hours, we're gonna have to leave you. - And General Ludlam and his daughter, right? - I'm sorry. That's the way it has to be. - Let's go! - Good luck. - Murdock, look! - That must be our guys. - What in the world is going on? - Well, if I knew that, I could run for office. We're gonna have to ditch this plane and go in after 'em. Sky King to Penny, Mayday, Mayday. We're going in. Murdock, going in what? The plane is going in the ocean, and we are going in the jungle. Dive! Dive! Aoogah! Aoogah! Wait a minute, Murdock! I don't have any idea... - I don't have a parachute... - Me Tarzan, you Jane. Dive! Dive! Don't push! - How's he doing? - He's coming to. We better get this chute off him. Oh, it's too late. - What's going on, man? - Shh! Could be guerillas anywhere around here. - Where are we? - Borneo. - Where? - Shh! - Borneo. You know, small island in the western Pacific Ocean... divided between Malaysia, Indonesia and Brunei. - Are you sure? - Yeah, positive. I used to date a geography major. How did we get here, man? - The truth? - Yeah. - I think he wants the truth. - The U.S. military pushed you out of an aeroplane. That's right. Pushed all of us. Hey, man. The last thing I remember, we was being detained by the M.P.s. We all were. And they don't push you outta no aeroplane for robbing no Bank of Hanoi. I'm afraid they did. We told them we wouldn't take the mission if you didn't come along. - I think they spiked our milk. - That's a terrible thing to do to something that babies drink. Come on. Let's get this equipment out. RaShaam's men patrol this whole area. And keep it down. - Okay. Go. - Help! Help! Murdock! Murdock! - Get me down from here. - At Disneyland, people pay money for rides like that. Do you think you could please figure out how to get me out of this thing? Hold on to the straps there. - Thanks. - We gotta tag up with Hannibal, B.A. and Face. You know, I don't understand any of this. I mean, first they're captured, then they fly halfway around the world, and then they bail out over Borneo. "Bailout Over Borneo." It's Tracy and Hepburn, right? 1942. R.E.O. Studios. Nominated for best musical in the jungle. - What do you got? - I got a flare gun and I got some smoke, so we can signal Hannibal. - Great. Let's go find the guys. - Okay. Do you see anything? Yeah, there's a large clearing about a quarter of a mile ahead. All I could see are the tops of buildings and the rotor of a chopper. You know, we've only got two hours until sundown. No wonder those guys are in the State Department. They don't know squat about timing on a rescue operation. We gotta hit that compound in daylight, or we miss the ride outta here. - How are we gonna do this, Hannibal? - Look... Briggs says this is the hut where they're holding General Ludlam. This is RaShaam's headquarters. That's our target. We get hold of him, we control the game. Now, the plan is your basic straight-on, surprise hit-and-run attack. If anything goes sour, we split up and rendezvous at the drop zone. - Got it? - Wait. - This ain't much of a plan, Hannibal. - Are you kidding? It's a classic. It's your half-pincer movement inside a guarded perimeter. Tried and true, B.A. - Yeah, and he's on the jazz. - Then we're in trouble. Hannibal, this don't look like RaShaam's headquarters. Hannibal, this might be a good time to call King's "X". Drop your guns. Arrest them. Some classic, half-pincer movement. It needs salt. Looks like the A-Team's a few points behind at halftime here. Hannibal probably tried getting in by hitting 'em with what he'd call... "a classic frontal assault with a half-pincer movement." - Is that what it was? - Nah, it's just reckless. But with Hannibal, reckless is sometimes the best thing. Course every once in a while, it just doesn't work. - General Ludlam? - Right. My daughter, Kathy. - How do you do, ma'am. - Did the government send you here hoping to help us? That's right, ma'am. We got some real bad intelligence... and, uh, we wound up assaulting the kitchen. - It was a heck of a battle. - Doesn't look like it's been too much fun. - I remember you. You were one of my colonels. - That's right, sir. - I remember you too. - Yeah, I busted your nose in 'Nam. - March 15, 1971. - His attitude hasn't improved much. They wanna kill Dad. RaShaam is power hungry and crazy. He wants the plans to the NATO missile sites. They're gonna have to kill me, because I'm not talking. Now, General, we're gonna need your cooperation when I come up with a plan to blow outta here. It may not be too orthodox, but I'm not gonna let this RaShaam off without sticking it in his ear. This place is too well-fortified. We don't have any weapons. Just wasting your time. American commandos illegally in my country without papers? This will be an international incident. What do you mean, "international incident"? We heard that you had great potato soup, and we wanted to get some before it was all gone. You're making very funny jokes. - Now, let me tell you your options. - Please. You will sign confessions stating that you're a guerrilla force illegally airlifted into my country. You will admit to crimes against my government... and you will appear before the national press... substantiating these charges. If you refuse to do so, you will be shot immediately. Well, we get a trial, don't we? Let me lay it out for you, fella. We're not signing any confessions. We're not representatives of the U.S. government. As a matter of fact, we're fugitives in the United States... so you're gonna have a little trouble making your fantasy stick. - Then you choose to die. - What about that trial? I find you guilty. You will be shot within an hour. Justice is a little swift around here, isn't it? Martin, prepare a firing squad. - What are we gonna do? - We're gonna have to freelance some kind of plan. - What? - That's usually Hannibal's end of the stick, but... That chopper has gotta be the only way outta here. Forget about the chopper. We haven't got a pilot. Don't matter, I'll walk before I'll fly. Hannibal, look. It's a bunch of gasoline drums next to an ammo dump. That's what it is. Now, that wasn't very bright, was it? You think we could puncture a hole in one of them and leak a little? - Maybe. - Come on. Uh, now, we've only got an hour because RaShaam's putting us in front of a firing squad. But, I've got a plan. Now, if it's gonna work, I have to get shot first. - Get up. - What are you gonna do? What the Pentagon's paying us for, be creative. I said, "Get up." It'll do. Here he comes. - You ready to confess? - I already gave you my answer. We're Americans. We've got nothing to confess. Then you're ready to die. Well, nobody's ever really ready, but, it kind of comes with the territory. - Let's go. - You. Me? Hey, listen, dirtball. I'm in command here. And in keeping with military tradition, I get to go first. Take him away. Your turn will come later. Oh, no. Wait, wait, wait, guys. Let's talk about this. I'm not really with these guys. Get going, B.A. Here. You take this. When I throw one of these smoke flares... you run like a rabbit and don't look back... - All ready, sir. - Look, I tell you, you got the wrong guy. - Place him on his mark. - You know, that other fella, he loves that kind of thing. You're gonna hear from my senator about this. Okay. W- Wait a minute, you g... No-No last cigarette? Huh? Aw, come on. Just a cigarette? - Give 'im a cigarette. - Thanks. Ah, my brand. It's good. You know, you check the Geneva convention... and I'll bet there's all kinds of stuff we're missing here, you know? I mean, uh, what about a special meal for the condemned man? I didn't get that. You know? I mean, no last requests. Not a one. Pull the sling. Okay, B.A. Get their attention. Hey, man! Hey, you! Can't do this. I'm gonna make you pay! You can't get away with this here. - Proceed. - Prepare to fire. Take aim! Fire! Stop the prisoner! Now, don't get too close. Get her in the chopper, General. Face! Get in! Face! - Face! - B.A., will you get in? - No, I ain't gonna fly. - Is he kidding? He's afraid to fly. - Didn't know you had it in you, General. - I've been waiting a long time for that. Get this bird up, Murdock! Here you go, Colonel. - Over here! - He's over there. "A-Team escapes again." Not a bad headline, huh? - Thanks, Amy. - Hey, man... I don't know why everybody gettin' a big thrill about reading your name in the paper. I thought we were supposed to be a low-profile outfit. B.A., if everyone thinks we're still in prison, no one's gonna try to hire us. A little advertising just to let people know we're still out there. If people know we on the street, Colonel Lynch know we on the street. He already caught us once. We gettin' pretty sloppy around here. Come on, B.A. Just take a minute and try and relax and enjoy. - We got out of Borneo alive. - Yeah, we did, didn't we? - Barely. - You guys can relax later. I gotta get back to bozo barracks for my self-realization class. I've been practising my psychic image, my self-esteem and a little bit of that "I'm okay, you're okay" stuff. - You ain't even close to being okay. - Oh, thanks, B.A. An honest friend is indeed a friend to the end. Okay, let's get Murdock home. It's okay, B.A. It'll take Lynch at least a couple of weeks to get on our trail again. I don't get this at all. It takes me 10 years to capture the A-Team. It gets kicked upstairs by a couple of guys I don't even know. And not only that, the Pentagon disavows any knowledge of Mr. Perry and Major Briggs. And I have to read it in the paper that the A-Team is back on the streets. It'll take me months to pick up on... Hey. Go. Go! Go, go, go! Weeks, huh? 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 