Strange Evidence: Season 5, Episode 1 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Strange Evidence 
 s5e1 - Nuclear Demon Monkey - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Strange Evidence (2017–…): Season 5, Episode 1 - Nuclear Demon Monkey - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
  Narrator: Worldwide,  36 billion cameras are watching us on our streets,  at work, and in our homes. They capture things  that seem impossible. Science says this  shouldn't happen. Woman: Do you say that? Narrator: Experts carry  out forensic analysis of these unusual events. Wow. What a blast. This doesn't make sense. There has to be some  sort of explanation. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 What else is going on here? Narrator: Coming up, in brazil, a door to the land of the dead. This is what  nightmares are made of. Narrator: Is this adolf  hitler's final act of revenge? Could this be one of  hitler's unexploded bombs? Pull! Narrator: And is  america being invaded-- narrator: --By an  african super predator? They snatched a two-year-old  child, literally tore his arms off, and pulled out his kidney. Narrator: Bizarre phenomena. Oh my gosh. Ah! Narrator: Mysteries  caught on camera. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 What's the truth behind  this strange evidence? Curitiba, a city  in southern brazil. March 13, 2017, 2:30 am. [thunder] two security guards on patrol  in a municipal building investigate a disturbance  in the basement. They begin to film. Greg szulgit: You  can imagine what's going through these  security guards' heads. This is like a nightmare. They're patrolling  an empty building, and the lights in this hallway  are flashing off and on. Suddenly there's this  door in the distance making an ominous banging sound. And the banging repeats. The night is punctuated  by this slamming sound of a metal door  opening and closing and opening and closing. [banging] narrator: Locals  claim the building has a disturbing past, a past  that's left some kind of angry ghostly presence. Greg szulgit: Bam, bam, bam. Then as they approach  and get really close, the door stops moving. Narrator: Then total darkness. The shaken guards  refuse to discuss their experience in public. I wouldn't be surprised  if one of these guys needed a new pair of underwear. Narrator: Historian  tony mcmahon discovers that belief in the supernatural  in this area of brazil is common. More than 1 in 10 people claim  to be able to communicate with the dead. Mysticism and magic are  very strong in brazil, and there's a huge belief in something called [portuguese],, a kind of form of voodoo. And with this is a  sense that the dead can exert a malign and evil  influence over the living. Narrator: Believers claim  angry spirits can bring illness, misfortune, and death. Even the country's  leaders are said to dabble in this dark art. In 2017, acting president michel  temer and his beauty queen first lady are driven  from their palace by what they describe  as evil spirits. In the [portuguese]  belief system, a dead person could be  trying to signal their deep unhappiness through the slamming of a door, as in this instance. [banging] narrator: But  professional magician ben nemzer is suspicious. Ben nemzer: It got faster and  faster and louder and louder as the guy got closer. And as a magician,  I don't believe in coincidences like that. It has to be that  there was someone trying to scare those people. Narrator: Explorer george kourounis wonders if this could be a sign of criminal activity. Locals believe that there  are violent spirits living in the basement  of this building, but it might all just be  a smokescreen for a much more sinister practice. One of the most vile crimes  that we see in this area is the illicit organ trade. Narrator: In brazil,  almost 10 million people live in extreme poverty. Desperate brazilians  earning under $2 a day advertise their kidneys  online for up to $10,000. Illegally trafficked organs  make up 1 in 10 transplants, netting crooks almost  $2 billion a year. In 2012, a woman advertises  her kidney for sale, but she's so  desperate she updates the post to add  part of her liver, her corneas, and one lung. But not all organs are  given up voluntarily. Over 8 million children  live or work on the streets. Charities claim helpless  kids are increasingly the target of organ thieves. A building like this is a great place for organized crime to base their  appalling operations, including the harvesting  of children's organs. Narrator: But  investigators discover no reported criminal  activity in the building. Greg szulgit: The  doors not just, like, blowing in the wind. Something must be  moving in forcefully. Narrator: Greg szulgit  investigates weather reports and discovers a  huge thunderstorm hits the town on the night  of the supposed haunting. The flickering lights  might suggest that there's something electrical going on. Narrator: Brazilian  lightning strikes kill over a hundred people a year. Electrical engineer  david wallace wants to know if it's  possible for electrical storms this fierce to create  poltergeist-like effects on inanimate objects, such as the metal door in the basement. This area of brazil  averages over 80% humidity, meaning the air is  saturated with water. So when you have  dense, humid air, you have the possibility  of conducting electricity through it. Narrator: Wallace and his  team test if electrical charge in the dense, wet  area of the basement could cause the door to  somehow swing on its hinges. To mimic the door  in the footage, they set up a negatively  charged sheet of aluminum foil next to a positively  charged metal plate representing the door frame. We will run a voltage on  this plate, and we will see, will it pull the  door to the plate? And we'll see if we can recreate  what I am seeing in the video. Energize. Narrator: Coming up,  a deadly energy lurks in the air of the basement. Is it a physical  phenomena that's there or some unseen force? We need to find out. Narrator: And is this-- [explosion] --the nazis' last revenge? That was quite a bang. [thunder] narrator: In brazil in  a municipal building that is said to  be haunted, a door is filmed slamming by itself. Electrical engineer david  wallace fixes up an experiment to see if the  region's electrically charged atmosphere  is causing this poltergeist-like phenomenon. He charges his generator  with high voltage. I actually have a 100,000-volt  generator sitting right here. Ok, let's get right to  energize the system here. Energize. Narrator: 30,000 volts  course through the plane, pulling the foil  toward the charge. David wallace: Take it off. So here we see something  very similar to what we saw on the video. I have a metal plate  inside a metal fixture. And as I increase  the voltage, what we see as the higher  the voltage goes, it actually pulls the plate  over towards the fixture, just like we saw in the video. Narrator: Wallace shows it's  possible for an electrically charged atmosphere to swing  a piece of metal haunted house-style on its hinges. But when engineer jon  farrow studies the plans of the building, he  notices its air shouldn't become electrically charged. Buildings in  this part of brazil are designed to carry  lightning from the top down into the ground, and  this is called grounding. Narrator: Lightning rods carry  the massive electrical strikes around the outside of buildings  and stop metal objects getting charged with high voltage. If the system is  broken, the people inside will be left  dangerously exposed to deadly lightning strikes. But until the security guards  reveal more details about what they saw that night, the  cause of the slamming door remains a mystery. I don't care what the security guards are being paid. It's not enough. Narrator: Now, the southern  russian city of volgograd. August 10, 2020, 12:40 pm. Rush-hour traffic  comes to a halt as a sinister black cloud  rises above the road. A local man captures  the event on his phone. We're looking down the road. In the distance, we  see smoke rising. Narrator: And then. [explosion] martin morgan: Kaboom. This fireball looks like it goes  300 or 400 feet into the sky. [bleep] he's clearly so  mesmerized by the explosion that he doesn't realize  his life is in danger and he should get out of there. This is a  cataclysmic explosion, and it's coming towards you. Narrator: And this  is no ordinary blast. This doesn't look like  a regular explosion. It's building energy  with every second. Narrator: Locals fear  their city is under attack. This looks like something  out of a war movie. Narrator: Historian  craig gottlieb discovers volgograd used to be known by a  different, more infamous name. This explosion is in  volgograd, which during world war ii used to be stalingrad. Narrator: August 23, 1942. Adolf hitler orders  his feared 6th army and 4th panzer division  to take the city by any means. Russia's leader joseph  stalin commands his red army to halt the nazi  advance at all costs. It's the single-deadliest  battle in world history. The nazis  surrounded stalingrad, starving the population. Stalin was so intent  on winning this battle that he kept the  civilians in the city and refused to allow  them to escape. Why? Because he figured  that his forces would fight harder if  civilian lives were at stake. Narrator: Stalin's  brutal order might have motivated his troops, but  it comes at a terrible price. But in those months that  stretch between August and February, the  city of stalingrad is turned into hell on earth. Narrator: 2 million soldiers and civilians die in the battle for control of stalingrad. And even today, mass  graves are still being discovered in the  city, many containing hundreds of skeletons. But bodies are not the only  horror being unearthed. So is a deadly legacy  of the luftwaffe. The bombing was so intense that the nazis flew over 10,000 bombing missions over the city. Seeing a massive  explosion like this, there's the  possibility that we're looking at an unexploded bomb  from the second world war. [explosion] [bleep] narrator: Hitler ultimately  lost the battle of stalingrad, but his ability to  kill russian citizens continues decades later. Jeff wise: You  know, the chemicals that these bombs are made out of over time deteriorate, decay. Then just, you know,  out of nowhere, boom. Narrator: Matt  kutcher is a hollywood pyrotechnic and ballistics  expert with over two decades' experience. In this city of  stalingrad, we know that hitler dropped a  thousand tons of explosives in just one day. Quite often we find that ordinance that hasn't exploded, it's usually been buried. Narrator: Matt's been looking  at original blueprints of nazi ordnance. Ok, son, be careful. What we're going  to have to do here is create our own hitler bomb. All right. Narrator: This is a recreation  of a nazi high-explosive bomb. Over a million were manufactured  during world war ii. We're going to place it  under the ground subterranean. All right, grab  some shovels, son. Right about here is good. We're going to  attach charges to it, and we're going to blow it  up and see if that type of ho explosion, a high  order explosion, matches what we  see in this video. Narrator: Coming  up, can matt kutcher discover the truth behind  this devastating explosion? [explosion] 3, 2, 1, go. Oh, that's a blast  from the past. Narrator: And has  a mississippi swamp become planet of the apes? I'm thinking it's going to come over and rip me to shreds. [explosion] [bleep] narrator: Volgograd, russia, is  rocked by a massive explosion. Pyrotechnics expert matt  kutcher has built and buried a replica nazi bomb to see  if the blast in the footage was caused by a piece  of unexploded ordinance dropped by adolf hitler. 5, 4, 3, 2, 1, go. [bleep] that's a blast from the past. All right, let's  go see what we did. I actually saw the shockwave  from my naked eye up there. I was able to see  the initial burst, and then the wave come  traveling and went up and out. Yeah, it was very cool. Narrator: Matt analyzes the  footage of the volgograd blast and compares it to his  own imitation nazi bomb. Matt kutcher: In our explosion,  you saw a lot of debris in the blast wave,  but clearly that's not what we see in the video. [explosion] [bleep] it's a massive  fireball that takes up the whole end of a street. Narrator: Most nazi bombs  didn't use a fireball to destroy their targets. They killed by  creating a shockwave, smashing bodies and objects  that fell into their path. Matt kutcher: So clearly it wasn't ordinance that went off. So it must be something else. Narrator: Former nypd  image analyst conor mccourt studies the footage for clues. He notices an unusual detail  just before the fireball. Conor mccourt: There's different  stages to this explosion. We're initially seeing  a black plume of smoke, indicating a fire. What I'm noticing here  is this looks like smoke, but this is not smoke. This is some kind  of chemical cloud that ignites into an explosion. If I'm looking for the  source of this white cloud, one of the possibilities  is a gas station. Narrator: Russia  produces more than 12% of the world's oil and gasoline,  over 11 million barrels a day. Martin morgan: Volgograd  is within a region that's oil rich. So gasoline is cheap over there. The big problem, though, is that  wages are also extremely low. That's going to lead  toward a black market. Narrator: Fuel theft in russia happens on an industrial scale. In 2009, thieves siphoned  off 27,000 tons of oil from a pipeline in  the dagestan region. Such pipelines are  now heavily guarded, so criminals look  for softer targets. Gas stations have hatches. And if you open that  up, you're going to get access directly  to the storage tank of the whole gas station. Criminals have these  specially equipped vans, drive over the hatch in the  ground, open your hatch, suck up the gas, and  drive off with it, leaving a baffled and impoverished gas-station owner. Narrator: But hijacking fuel  is a high-risk enterprise. These criminals are  literally playing with fire. If something goes  wrong, there's a spark, boom, massive explosion. Martin morgan: It could be the crime in progress that has gone wrong that produced  the explosion that has created this massive fireball. Narrator: Photos confirm  the center of the blast was a gas station. This huge explosion ripped  through a 10,000-square-foot area of downtown volgograd. Miraculously, only 13  people were injured. And while no one was killed,  the people of volgograd fear that next time they  might not be so lucky. What took hitler and the nazis six months to accomplish, the destruction of stalingrad,  a couple of gas thieves could accomplish the  same goal in seconds. Narrator: Now the southern  state of mississippi. October 24, 2013. A man exploring  some of the state's 19 million acres of untamed  forest and swampland stumbles on an incredible scene. [insects chirping] it just looks like a  landscape with swamp trees, but then suddenly  a dark figure is seen there moving among them. Narrator: The hiker films  with his camera phone while something black  haired and enormous seems to be tearing  at a cypress tree. This thing is massive. It doesn't quite  look like a bear. I've never seen  anything like that. Narrator: The creature seems  to have incredible strength. Lyle blackburn: This  is a cypress tree. These are strong trees, but this  creature is literally ripping it off with his bare hands. Narrator: Suddenly  the beastly figure seems to sense the presence  of the hiker and rears up. It looks like it's displaying  a sign of aggression. Narrator: The man  pleads for his life. I can see why he's so scared. This thing is massive. I've studied mammals in  north america for years, and I've never seen one  with this form and this kind of destructive behavior. Narrator: Coming up,  is one of nature's most aggressive primates  on the loose in the woods? This thing would have  terrified the hell out of me. Narrator: And a  mysterious invasion in the midwestern skies-- woman: Oh my god. Oh my gosh. That thing is huge. Narrator: --Targets  america's nukes. Are we in danger from  an unknown enemy here? Narrator: In a  mississippi swamp, a hiker encounters  a hair-covered beast tearing at a tree. Narrator: Biologist  roland kays believes the creature in the footage may be a deadly african animal. There are people in north america who keep chimps as pets or keep them in sanctuaries. Is it possible that we're seeing  an escaped pet chimpanzee? Narrator: Chimps are  highly intelligent, aggressive, and territorial. They use simple stone  tools to forage for food and are almost twice  as strong as a human. In africa, there are over a  quarter of a million chimps, and they occasionally  kill humans. In 2014, a troop targeted a  village in uganda in africa. They snatched a two-year-old  child, literally tore his arms off, and pulled out his kidney. And this started  a reign of terror that ended with  two more children dead and six badly injured. [chimps calling] narrator: Mississippi hunters  david childers and peyton lassiter claim to  have encountered the beast caught on  camera by the hiker while out in the local woods. They say it has all the  aggressive qualities of an alpha male chimp. David childers: Whenever  I saw this creature, I was hoping it  would not see me. As I'm standing there  in complete shock, I mean, I'm thinking, hey,  look, if this thing sees me, it's going to come  over, rip me to shreds. Narrator: The swampy forests of mississippi, where temperatures can soared to 115 degrees,  are similar to the jungle environments of central  africa where chimpanzees have their natural home. The fact that mississippi  is a very, very raw landscape, not heavily  populated, it is quite possible for a creature of that  stature to make it a refuge. Narrator: In 2020, a  couple camping nearby with their pet dogs  see what appears to be a chimp-like creature  watching them from the woods. And then this thing starts  throwing rocks and small trees at them. Narrator: The couple,  fearing for their lives, set their dogs on the  attacker, a fatal mistake. Then suddenly the creature  was throwing something else at the tent, pieces of dog. This thing right here  would have definitely terrified the hell out of me. Oh yeah. Narrator: But  biologist steve potvin compares the creature  in the footage to images of chimpanzees  and finds they don't match. It's too big to  be a chimpanzee, and the ratio of  the body to the legs doesn't quite match  that of a gorilla. Narrator: The dimensions  of this creature correspond to no ape known to science. Until the man who shot the  extraordinary footage comes forward to give more  details about this creature, its true identity  will remain a mystery. But for some of the hunting  community in mississippi, there is no doubt that  the film is a glimpse of something truly terrifying. It is highly likely that a  creature of significant size could be hiding out  in the wilderness. No doubt about it. Narrator: Now, this small  nebraska town of hastings. January 4, 2020. Jackie hoffman  witnesses something mysterious in the sky. She grabs her cell phone  and begins to film. It was like a  machine, and it had, like, lights shining off of it,  and it was going really fast. It was so close to  our apartment complex. That's kind of what  scared me the most. Narrator: And this is no  isolated close encounter. In the following days and  months in colorado, kansas, nebraska, and  wyoming, reports flood in of similar craft in the sky. Woman: Oh my god. Woman: This is hovering there. Sometimes people only see  a single mechanical object in the sky. Other times people are  seeing a whole swarm. Narrator: Nebraskan eric eckert films the craft from his porch. These weren't just  some hobby drones. They were flying  much faster, 60-plus miles an hour over  super-long ranges at night. It told me that, you  know, maybe something that had a better technology was running this sort of stuff. Narrator: Locals demand answers. Analysis of the  flying objects reveals them to be large,  unmanned aircraft, but neither the  american government nor any american  corporation claim to have any knowledge of what they are. It seems wild to me  that hundreds of people can see the same  event and we still don't know what's going on. Narrator: A spate  of similar sightings of aerial objects over the same  states occurred in the 1970s. Farmers would go  out to the fields, and they would start seeing  all of these strange objects flying up in the sky. Narrator: And these  objects in the sky seemed to bring a wave  of death in their wake. So these farmers would  go out, and they would find their cows dead on the ground. Narrator: More than 1,500  cattle across the midwest are sliced up with apparently  surgical precision. Wild rumors circulate that the  mutilated animals are being butchered by visitors  from another world, and no culprit is  ever apprehended. So it's no  surprise when you see these mysterious  crafts that people don't start getting worried. Narrator: Coming up, reports  reveal a sinister craft meddling with nukes. Several of the  ballistic missiles were no longer  capable of launch. Narrator: And a private jet  burns on a state highway. Has the pilot paid the  ultimate price for failure? These are some  of the most violent criminals on the planet. Narrator: In the midwest,  eyewitnesses across four states film unknown  craft invading the skies. I know there was  rumors going around that it was the  government spying on us or trying to look for something. Narrator: But  journalist jeff wise uncovers troubling evidence  the flying machines are not american and are  actively blocking attempts to identify them. So the government launched  a surveillance plane equipped with sensors that  could detect the heat signature of these  mechanical objects, but they came back  without any useful data. Narrator: The government  cannot explain the threat, but wise maps the sightings and believes whoever is controlling these machines seems  to be targeting america's atomic defenses. One of the things  that I uncovered is that this area has a lot  of nuclear missile silos. Narrator: It reminds  historian marty morgan of an event at a facility in  montana recounted by air force launch officer robert salas. In the 1960s, there  was a ufo encounter over malmstrom air force base. These lights in  the sky appeared. Narrator: Salas reported  the red, glowing object had an alarming effect on the  nuclear missiles stored at the top-secret facility. The men on duty discovered  that several nuclear missiles were no longer  capable of launch. Narrator: Us authorities deny  the incident ever happened, but several eyewitnesses  come forward to confirm salas's account  and insist a terrifying breach of national security  occurred, perhaps by a foreign power or  even an unknown enemy. Maybe what we're seeing now  is related to this sighting from the 1960s. And so now we have to be  concerned about an enemy who might infiltrate  the united states and attack our  nuclear facilities. Narrator: The  detonation of just one intercontinental ballistic  missile in a midwest silo could kill over  a million people. The fallout cloud afterwards  would expose 650,000 more to an agonizing death  by radiation poisoning. And the strange craft  continue to be seen while evading identification. We still don't know who's  responsible for these flights. And until we find out, we have  a national-security crisis on our hands now. Something has to be  done to address this. Narrator: Now, the mexican  seaside state of quintana roo. July 5, 2020. Antonio carlos hernandez  and two friends drive the carrillo-mérida highway. Narrator: An ordinary  trip to the beach takes a strange  and sinister turn. Helicopters buzz in the sky, and smoke rises in the distance as they round the corner into  a scene straight from hell. Narrator: The burning  wreckage of an aircraft straddles both  lanes of the highway with no signs of human life. So as the burning plane  comes into clear focus, I can't tell if  people are inside and are stuck and can't get out. If I saw a plane in the  middle of the highway, I would be terrified. We need to know  what's going on. Narrator: Coming up, is this  the final flight of a man who has failed a drug baron? Retribution in the  mexican drug cartels is both swift and harsh. Narrator: In mexico, a raging inferno engulfs a plane ditched in the center of the highway. Engineer nick householder  examines the shape and size of the aircraft  and discovers it's a model only used by the  richest people in the world. Looking a little  closer, the plane appears to be a bae 125, which  is one of the world's first and most popular private jets. Narrator: Flying  in a private plane is 19 times more dangerous  than getting in a car. 16 people die in 2008  when a private plane smashes into rush-hour  traffic in mexico city. But householder's zooms  in on the wreckage and discovers evidence  this plane hasn't crashed. Nick householder: All  the wheels are down. This looks like an  emergency landing. In an emergency  situation, a pilot could try to land on the street. Narrator: And when engineer  brian wolshon examines the plane in detail for  faults that could have brought it down, he sees  there is something odd about the raging inferno. So one of the most logical  places of fire on an airplane is the engine or  perhaps the fuel tank. What we see is the fire is  actually in the fuselage itself. Perhaps someone was  trying to start a fire to hide or burn evidence. Narrator: Mexico is engaged  in a violent war against super-wealthy drug traffickers. South american cartels export over a thousand tons of cocaine every year, much of it through  mexico to the united states. Now, planes like  this are rumored to be really popular with drug  cartels for running drugs. Narrator: The cartels pull  in over $39 billion a year from drug sales in the us. Nick householder  discovers reports of second-hand or out-of-date  private jets bought up for around $1 million each. The seats are stripped  out, and they are loaded up with up to $100 million  of cocaine for a journey from the jungles of  central america to the usa. Cartel pilots are paid up to  $500,000 for a single flight, but the risks are enormous. Some drug cartels have been  known to use the rainforest as a location to build  makeshift runways by cutting down patches of trees. The planes fly in with  no lights, overloaded, and guided by drones. Narrator: Incredibly to  the super-rich cartels, million-dollar planes are  considered disposable. A million dollars  isn't that much when you think they're carrying  $100 million of cocaine on every flight. Narrator: Over 50 crashed or  abandoned so-called narco jets are discovered ditched  in the jungles of central america in 2019 alone. Journalist liberty vittert  examines the footage further and spots the  helicopter in the sky belongs to the mexican military. She finds a report that  confirms her suspicions. The report says that  the mexican authorities deployed a counternarcotics  team via helicopter. The passengers quickly  departed and then rendezvoused with the truck waiting nearby. Narrator: But the chopper chases down and seizes the truck and discovers $5 million  worth of cocaine. The pilot sets fire to the  cockpit to cover his tracks. This guy hasn't just missed  out on a half million dollar payday. He's messed up a drug  drop, so he'll also now be fearing for his life. Retribution in the  mexican drug cartels is both swift and harsh. They're some of the most violent and dangerous criminals on earth, and  they're only getting more brutal in their methods. Narrator: Over 90  people a day are murdered by the cartels in  mexico, many decapitated or dissolved in  acid, victims of turf wars, disloyalty, or failure. So the loss of over $5 million  in cocaine for these pilots has got to be a very bad day. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 