Ghost Nation: Season 2, Episode 4 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Ghost Nation 
 s2e4 - Afterlife Sentence - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Ghost Nation (2019–…): Season 2, Episode 4 - Afterlife Sentence - full transcript 
 Four new team members join Jason, Steve, Dave and Shari on their investigation of the Mid-Orange Correctional Facility in Warwick, New York. They scramble to find answers to the ... 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Previously on "Ghost Nation"... It's pretty interesting -- Christian Fuchs, one of the most famous soccer players in the world, and his wife, Raluca, they're afraid of the property they bought. It's a soccer sports complex which used to be a prison. People here were arsonists, rapists, murderers. The owners are afraid that it could be leftover spirits from when it was a prison. You know that dying in prison isn't the way you thought you would leave this world. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Two of my employees were locked in and you always feel as if there's something watching you. Do you hear that? It's like a distant cell door. Just the mere size of this place alone. We need some extra hands. Absolutely. I really don't know what's up here. Ah **** We may be trapped here. I just don't know where we are, Shari. "There is something else in this house." Make some sort of a noise. Let us know you're here with us. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 I'm right beside you. We are a community of searchers. This family is under attack. We are... ..."Ghost Nation." I just don't know where we are, Shari. There's the complex. There's the fence. Edward Gerbila, are you out here somewhere? For all we know, he could have jumped right here. You know, this looks like an old field. Uh-huh. What if his soul just kept going? His body collapsed, and he just likes walking around. Let me see. Let me get a better vantage point. Is that an opening? This looks promising. Look, yep, he made it. Thank God. Alright, Edward. I'm going to be leaving now. Careful. Let's go back to command center. Let's check in with everybody. We're in Warwick, New York, deep into an investigation of the Hudson Sports Complex. The site's new owners have plans to turn this into a state-of-the-art soccer facility, but renovations have been halted in the wake of rapidly escalating paranormal activity. Formerly a prison site that closed in 2011, and prior to that, an all-boys school from the 1930s to the 1970s. I got a ton of information about the jail. At the time, it was the New York State Training School for Boys. Wow. The sprawling property spans 36 acres and 15 buildings. I've been looking at these historic sites. I've actually found a Warwick forum. This guy's name keeps coming up -- Nick, Nick Croce. He's actually doing research while we're doing research. It looks like he's doing this for a thesis about the school for boys here. Really? Yeah, like, he's actually trying to get his PhD, so that's pretty credible. Yeah. If he's willing to meet up with us, it can be a nice resource. Absolutely. Dave gets a hold of local researcher Nick Croce, and he agrees to meet with us at a building across the campus. Thanks for meeting up with us. - Thank you so much. - My pleasure. Part of my thesis has been studying this site and the different government institutions that have run here and, you know, all the different rumors and the archival documents that go along with when it transpired here. So this was a school for boys, right? Like, a training school for boys. In 1937, it was set up by the state as a place to send what they were calling troubled boys and basically to try and reform them so that they would have jobs, and that's why they had over 14 little shops in addition to a farm here where they were forcing these young men to work. If you read the reports from this place from, like, the 1950s into the 1960s, it was a super violent place. There were kids getting stabbed, kids swallowing needles and swallowing stones. The environment here was not good, and it was definitely not an environment to help kids that already had issues. There was a young man by the name of David who had surgery for appendicitis. According to the official report, when he was on the operating table, his appendix was positioned a certain way that often happens when somebody has been physically abused. That's terrible. In one month alone, there were over 15 of these kind of operations, and when you're talking about 400 to 450 young men for one month, that's a lot of appendectomies conducted here. That's terrible. Corporal punishment was common. Beginning in, like, 1960, there was a lot of attempted suicides here. And in October 23, 1962, a young man by the name of Charles McBride killed himself in cottage B1. Oh, my God. It was cottage B1 you said? Yeah, that's correct. Do you know how he killed himself? He took the bedsheets off his bed and hung himself. This was really not a happy environment for these young men. In 1914, New York city bought the site and they were taking inebriates or people with addiction and bringing them here to make them work. They opened up this New York City farm for inebriates. It was a doctor by the name of Charles Stokes. He started doing experiments here on people with addiction. Okay. He actually believed that he had found a cure for people who had opium addiction, people who had other addictions. It was bunk medicine. Were you able to dig up any names associated with the inebriate farm? Unfortunately, since Dr. Stokes' experimental records and journals are missing, that's something I'm still looking for. Sure. We don't have any names. So an inebriate farm to school for boys to prison. This property has had quite an interesting path, I tell you what. Armed with new intel on areas to investigate, we've decided to bring in some reinforcements to help out. Haily, Satori, Cody, and Dustin are all part of the UPRO family. - What's going on? - Hey, look at this. - Hi, Dad. - Good to see you, hon. Hey, Dad. Having all these extra eyes and ears is going to be a huge advantage as we dive deeper into this haunting. 'Sup, brother? Good to see you, man. - Good to see you. - Thanks for coming. Yeah. Our pleasure. It's like a reunion. This is nice. Dustin, you've been with me for 15-plus years and, Haily, Satori, you guys have been investigators since you were kids. Cody, you're part of the home team as well, and I just thought it was nice to get you all out here. Thank you. As you guys saw, just pulling up, the place is massive. It was bought by an international soccer star, Christian Fuchs, and his wife, Raluca. They're planning to turn this place into a world-renowned soccer training facility, but there's been wild activities since they bought the property, and especially since they started trying to do any renovations here. When it gets dark, this building becomes a whole other kind of place. They've had contractors and they've had architects literally refuse to even come in. They've had everything from people having their hair pulled, voices, hearing people talking, people seeing what appears to be people walking through the building. Then employees actually get locked into a room and they couldn't get out. The list just goes on and on. We've had some great activity just the minute we got here, and it's been nonstop. Yeah. You heard that too? Oh, yeah. There is something going on here -- you know, exactly what, we're not too sure. We'll show you guys where command center is and we'll go from there. With so much area to investigate and media to review, it's time to divide and conquer. Double the investigators means we can cover twice the territory. Dave, if you want to take Haily and Satori and you guys can head over to the B1 building. Alright. Sure. Check that out. Then, Shari, I mean, you can go with Cody and Dustin and you can have this total building to yourselves. Alright. That way any sounds, you know, isn't human contamination. Nobody else is around, so... You guys good with this? - I'm great. - Yes. Make sure you grab the cameras and whatever else is going to be needed. We'll give each one of you guys a walkie talkie. So these are all the dormitories when it was the Warwick school for boys, but it's a pretty sad case, different stories, different things that happened. There's like an entire compound of trauma, too, so every building might have a different energy because of the trauma there in the different decades. Exactly. It's also why we're going to this particular building, B1, this is where Charles McBride committed suicide. He used the sheets of his bed to hang himself. It's very sad. There's B1. There's B1. That's B1. - Wow. - Alright. Hello? Sh-sh. Are you sure there aren't people here? Are you sure there aren't people here? Hello? I mean... Do you think it's a possibility, since the hallway is small, we could all stand in separate rooms in the same area? Yeah. Yeah? If you feel, you know, safe enough to do that. Charles McBride... are you still here? Do you think your suicide trapped you here? I know it's been a long time, but maybe coming forward and telling us about some of the horrible things that have been done to you would make you feel better. I heard that. Yeah, I heard that. It came from the other side. There is an upstairs, but I really don't know how safe it is to be up there. Hello? Seems pretty solid. Alrighty. Just please be careful. Hold onto the railing. I have to answer to your father. You know that, right? You want to take that mister and go out to the front? Yeah. I think right in that front, where that apparition walked by, would be a great spot. In the first floor by the entrance, someone saw a figure walk by the window when there was no one there. Alright, so we've got the mister here. Grab that dry ice. We'll throw it in. You got it. Oh, yeah. Here we are. With this unit, I think we could fog an entire neighborhood if we wanted. I mean, if anything was walking there, it would be breaking through that, be shifting it all. 100%. Are there any prisoners here with us? I wonder if standing out here and looking in -- It could give us better visibility. Are you still here with us? Can you let us know why you're here? Jay to Angela. I'm here. Just keep your eyes open just to see if anything's breaking through the mist. Okay. Anybody? Is there anybody here? Wow. It's so creepy up here. Oh. I would not go in there. I know. Hello? An old bed frame there. There's two. There's one here and one there. Yeah, they look old. We're sorry for bothering you. We're just here to help you. I'm going to set this down right here. Charles McBride. We're sorry for what happened to you. You can come talk to us about it. If you're trying to get our attention, can you be louder, please? Are we bothering you? Was that a yes? As we continue to investigate the paranormal activity plaguing the Hudson Sports Complex... There's definitely something here and we can't continue until something's done. Dave, Haily, and Satori are in building B1 trying to zero in on a voice they heard. If you're trying to get our attention, can you be louder, please? Are we bothering you? Was that a yes? Doesn't like that answer. I heard that thump again. Mm-hmm. Where could it be coming from? My best guess, it's here. This is Shari, Dustin, and Cody. We are on the fourth floor. There was a woman up here. She was walking through and somebody touched her hair. If that was you that just touched my hair, you can touch it again. I thought I heard a hum or something back here. One of these side rooms? Yeah. Let's check it out. Heard five or six taps. Mm-hmm. Let's try sitting on the floor. It sounded like you were making a knocking sound on the floor, are you able to do that again? We're trying to hear you, so if there's something you would like to say, now's the time to do it. Do you guys think you want to move around or...? Yeah. With more areas to explore, Dustin and Shari will stay in the main building, while Satori and Cody head underground to investigate the tunnel system. Be careful, it's slick over here. This goes on for miles. Imagine being alone down here. Oh, pipes. Tori? What? I swear to you, I just saw a dog. You know how, when you shine a light on a dog's eyes, it reflects? Yeah, the red light? That's what I saw. It was probably 150 feet down that way. I thought I heard footsteps. Hello? There's nobody here. Alright. We just need to make sure that it's not these pipes or anything. They're not in use. There's nothing flowing through here right now. This is a complete dead zone. I'm really confused about the dog. After a tense night, we regroup in the morning to review footage and audio, and to further research the property. Where's the big red dot that says, "You are here"? Boop! When I came here, the last thing I was expecting to see was a dog. Cody and Satori are in the auditorium trying to substantiate the bizarre dog sighting down in the tunnels. What's that? Examples of innovative programs implemented here are puppies behind bars, in which inmates raised puppies to become guide dogs for the handicapped and disabled veterans. That gives me the chills reading that. I feel chills throughout my entire body right now. "Give them something to do." So, basically they were training dogs to help people with disabilities. It would absolutely make sense that this could be something residual. And you got to think what my father... Are you guys doing that? No, it's right here. It's vibrating on the floor. Hello? You're getting this, right? Are you trying to tell us something? It makes sense. There's just so much energy here. So many people that have come through these walls. So much tragedy and emotion. After several nights of intense investigation, Steve, Dave, and I decide to use this facility in the way its new owners intended. What is this, a soccer field? Oh, that would be exactly what it is, yeah. Whoa! Dude! - Whoa! - Ohh! As a sports complex, this place has a lot of potential. But the property's dark past echoing through these halls has prevented Christian Fuchs and his wife, Raluca, from taking it to the next level. Tonight is our last night here, so we plan to make it count. And you have a walkie, or you don't? I don't. Alright. Our group breaks up into teams of two to cover as much ground as possible. Guys, be safe. Careful. Steve and I make our way down into the elaborate tunnel system... ...where Cody had that strange dog sighting. With multiple claims of disembodied voices and mysterious knocking sounds, this part of the complex seems to be a hotbed of activity. Do we see anything down here that could look like a dog? I didn't. I mean, I was trying to flash the light. And nothing that even gives that impression. Holy crap. This just keeps on going. I mean, they just don't stop. How -- How much further do you want to go? Until it stops. Is that you? I didn't say anything. You didn't just "whoo"? No. That was definitely like a "whoo" noise. That wasn't you? No. Listen, listen. Hello? Listen, listen. Hello? We're not sure if we're in a prison or in the Warwick School for Boys. Either one of those places familiar to you? Maybe it's following us as we walk. We can try to walk further. Let's see what happens. That's a good idea. - **** - What the hell? You okay? Just whack your arm. I whacked my arm on the pipe. - It scared the hell out of me. - It scared you? Well, I ducked, I didn't know. Good reflexes. Haily and Dustin, heading to the auditorium. Remembering the claims the doors had closed and people got locked in here previously. And then your sister and Cody. They were getting the knocks and the responses. What's vibrating on the floor? Hello? Maybe we should put the recorder up there? Alright. I'm trying to speak to anyone that may be here with us. There are chairs in here you could move. I want you to try to grab one of the baseballs and see if we can get that to go. Alright, just kind of train the camera on that too. So if at any time, if you can move this object, this baseball, even just a little bit. Just something to give us a sign that you're here? Do you feel stuck here? I feel like we're getting lost. Dude, we've been lost for an hour. What do we have? An exit I hope. Or on an entrance to somewhere else. Oh, my God. That's a tight little fit. What is this? We'll just call this the insulation room. This is the craziest. I have no idea where we are. This is -- Careful on these stairs, Steve. These are old. Holy crap. What did we get ourselves into? We have broken out of prison, but we're still in prison. And we'll probably get more time added to our sentence. Oh, is that the soccer facility with the lights there where the bathrooms are? It's something. Wow. We did cover some ground, huh? Alright. We don't have to scale the fence. Let's go. Let's get out of here. Alright, let's start the audio. This is Satori and Cody in the fourth floor. I feel like it's getting colder and eerier the more we walk towards this side. Anybody in here? Feel free to talk into this little box here. This hopefully will be able to hear your voice. I'm going to stand on the stage. Wait, wait. Wait, wait, wait, wait. Hold on. If you're here, can you give me three knocks? Like this. You do that? That was one. It got louder. This is crazy. It got louder. This is crazy. It's echoing through the stadium. I can feel it. Were you somebody who was here during the time when this property was an inebriate farm? Are you somebody that was part of the school for boys here? Were you here when this was a prison? I wonder if anybody's getting the same results. So this should be right underneath... Below the stage. ...the stage After emerging from the tunnels in one piece, I take over for Dave at the monitors while he and Steve check out the area directly underneath the auditorium where Satori and Cody heard those knocks. Wow. Hey. Hello? The noises that Satori and Cody heard... ...anything down here could make that sort of banging sound. I mean, something hitting a pipe maybe. And did it sound like to them it was coming from below them? - Yes. - Okay. Our friends Satori and Cody were upstairs and they think that you may have been making some knocking sounds. Could you knock for us? If there is somebody down here with us, wherever you are, please let us know now. It's upstairs. Yeah. Tango to command center. Go ahead. We're done here. I don't know what you want to do from here. We can wrap it tonight. We get a lot of stuff to analyze and start again early tomorrow. Alright. We'll see you soon. It was nice to come down and just look to see if there's anything obvious, you know, but there really isn't. There's just pipes and just the basement. Yeah, so, alright. Let's head up. After our extended investigation at the Hudson Sports Complex, we've collected an abundance of evidence. The new owners of this property are committed to converting it into a world-class athletic facility. But whether or not they proceed, depends a lot on how Raluca and Kirsten... - Hey, there. - Hi. ...process our findings. Thanks for coming back and hanging out with us. So when we first got in here, just within the first night, we started having crazy activity. Do you usually pick up activity as soon as you go into a place? Not always, no. When we started setting up equipment, Dave and I headed upstairs. While we're there, we heard a door open and close. Nobody else was in the building, just us. Not even five minutes into the place and things are starting to happen, you know? Hear the door? It looks very scary. We were able to figure out which door made the sound. Ready? - Yep. Yeah. That's it? Yeah, it sounds like it. Yeah. While we were trying to figure out the door, there was a weird voice, and it sounded like female. Let's see if you can hear this female voice. Okay. I'll play this for you. Just like frickin' Angela. She just walked in. Stuff started happening. Oh, yeah. So it was definitely the female voice that we heard while we were in here. That was very, very interesting. At one point, we were able to find the blueprints of the building. I mean, look at this, just the mere size of this place alone. We decided to call in some of our other investigators to help us out. They headed up to the fourth floor and while they were there, it was a weird voice. I want to get your take on it, and then we'll tell you what we think it says. So there was a woman up here. Her name is Angela. It sounds like, I don't know, about three or four words. It's not -- Exactly. It's tough to hear, but we thought it was saying, "God stays here." And the only reason that really meant something was because it's the fourth floor. It's where chapel places are. Her name is Angela. And somebody touched her hair. I can see how it says that. Another voice that happened while they were up there investigating. Let's get your take on it. Sure, sit on the floor. It sounded like you were making a knocking sound on the floor. Are you able to do that again? What is that? Another voice that happened while they were investigating. Let's get your take on it. Sure, sit on the floor. It sounded like you were making a knocking sound on the floor. Are you able to do that again? What is that? It's a voice, but... Yes. ...some of our investigators thought it said, "I miss my kids." Sure, sit on the floor. It sounded like you were making a knocking sound on the floor. Are you able to do that again? Yep. Yeah? It's really clear. That would make sense, especially if you're locked away for a long time. Absolutely. We did find some things that jive with the history, right? Mm-hmm. The haunting phenomena seems to come from two scenarios, positive emotions or negative emotions or experiences. Here, it really does seem to be more the positive side of things missing their kids, worship. Whether it has intelligence, I think that there may be a few different types of phenomena happening here, some with intelligence and some just not aware of time and space. That's so cool. There's all different types of hauntings. You have your intelligent, you have your residual and stuff, but you also have this weird one which is a time slip where sometimes these things that you're talking to are still living a normal day in their life. And for whatever reason, that veil is thin enough that they're able to hear you and you're able to hear them. Kind of like time is overlapping on itself in some of these types of hauntings that we've been seeing over the last 10, 15 years. The idea that we could be dealing with a unique time-slip type of haunting first occurred to us when we broke out our fog machine. Check this out. The mist that it generated formed around a rectangular cut-out. And fog is everywhere but one spot. And it was the exact same shape as one of the beds we had found in a different room. That is bouncing off of something there. Like a bed. Almost as if a bed was still there, perhaps frozen in time, yet invisible to us. Like the perfect shape of a bed that would be in one of these schools or something. Then we reviewed our audio recordings and heard the EVPs. "I miss my kids." And, "God stays here." We realized they are said in the present tense, like they're also somehow trapped in time. That bolstered our theory of a possible time-slip haunting. And that sounds a little strange or a little farfetched, but in the terms of science, there are no physicists that believe in ghosts. But they believe in parallel dimensions, parallel universe... Time overlapping. ...time overlapping. They all believe in that. Interesting. How do you think your husband's going to take this? Oh, he's going to be fascinated. Yeah? Yeah. He's going to say, you know, "That's good. They didn't find anything that's too scary for the eventual kids that will be in here." So do you plan on doing renovations then? Definitely. Very soon, we're going to start the work. Love to see that happen. Thanks for having us out. We greatly appreciate it. We're willing to come back anytime. Let us know, because we loved this place. But you need us, we're only a call away. We'll call you in the summer when it's nice and warm. Call us in the summer. Yeah. That's fine. The facility that is now the Hudson Sports Complex has lived many lives and seen many deaths. We only hope the ambitious future that the determined new owners have planned for this place can redeem its dark past. There's definitely some unfinished business here. Our time-slip theory and all these other buildings need further exploration. As soon as Christian, Raluca, and Kirsten are ready, we're eager to return. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 