Ghost Nation: Season 1, Episode 3 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Ghost Nation 
 s1e3 - The Novelist's Nightmare - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Ghost Nation (2019–…): Season 1, Episode 3 - The Novelist's Nightmare - full transcript 
 The team answers an urgent call to investigate the Mantua, New Jersey, home of a horror writer and his family. They suspect the terrifying apparitions and aggressive paranormal activity may be linked to a poltergeist. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Next on "ghost nation"... Almost a 60. Wow. My gosh. This whole room is like this. This family is under attack. It's a little frightening and unnerving. Is it possible that a body is buried here? Find it! I write dark horror. When I write, that's when the activity really stirs up. "he looks down at his feet, which is oozing blood." 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 hello? I felt a sudden punch. The closet door started to fall on me. There's something dark here. "there is something else in this house." make some sort of a noise. Let us know you're here with us. I'm right beside you. We are a community of searchers. This family is under attack. We are... ..."ghost nation." All right. Welcome to "paradelphia." and we have quite the treat for you guys tonight. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Joining us in studio -- jason hawes, steve gonsalves, and dave tango. So it's been quite a few years. What have you guys been doing? Steve and I have created united paranormal research organization. Yeah. We're creating a network all over the country that investigate under our protocols, and when they sort of need, you know, the next step, that they're getting in touch with us. And when you guys have a set protocol like that, it helps with validation of any kind of evidence you come up with. Yeah, absolutely. Today we are just outside philadelphia talking to local paranormal investigators doug hogate and rick pruitt on their podcast, cleverly called "paradelphia." that gets me thinking about a very difficult case. For the last 12, 13 years, I've ran my own paranormal research team. Jersey's unique minds paranormal society, also known as jumps, and we have a case that has me at a speed bump. I've investigated twice already, but things seem to keep happening to the family and intensifying. And if you were interested in taking a look at it, I could show you some of the things we found and explain it to you. Yeah, I'd definitely be interested in checking it out. This is exactly why we created the united paranormal research organization. We wanted to help investigators with their difficult cases. The client, mario -- he is actually a horror writer. His creativity and the way he's always thinking things up in his writing could have an effect on the activity they are having. The client's daughter's -- 10-year-old -- seems to be having the most experiences. So what's happening with the daughter? The main thing is this closet door had forcefully ripped off of its changes. I would think that the daughter being at that age -- if anybody was to manifest the activity, it would be her manifesting it. Sure. Poltergeists? Self-manifestation? I mean, it's a common thing for young girls as they're getting ready to enter into adulthood. Poltergeist is a german word meaning noisy spirit. It's often associated with an unseen force that has the ability to throw objects around a room. These manifestations were long thought to be the work of demons. today we believe these evil spirits to be caused by an individual who is under extreme emotional distress. Oftentimes the victim of these otherworldly forces are adolescents. And, also, she sees all around the house and property an apparition of a little girl. I have an evp, if you guys like to hear. - Yeah, sure. - Why not? All right. Is there  another person here that also helps you? A evp of someone saying, "it's me." it's me. I promise all my clients that I'm with them till the end. So that is why my next step was call for help. Well, and anytime the case involves a family, especially with children, it jumps to the priority list for us. So let's just get over there and meet the family and start trying to figure out what's happening. They will be thrilled. I know they want answers. Cases that involve poltergeist activity are rare and extremely dangerous. If this family's experiencing both spirit and poltergeist activity that is being intensified by the father's horror writing, we're gonna have our hands full. - What's up, dude? - Hey, guys. - How you doing? - Hey. Come on in, guys. - All right. - How are you? yeah, doug filled us in a little bit on what's happening here, and it all sounds pretty intense. - Yeah. - Yeah. When we bought this house, it was a fixer-upper. Literally within couple of weeks, that's when stuff started to stir up. Before we moved in here, we were just a normal family. I write dark stuff -- dark horror. When I write, it's almost like whatever's in this house is feeding off of my dark energy. My daughter, summer, was the first person that experienced anything paranormal. summer has told us multiple times that she has a relationship with this little girl. It's a little unnerving to think that my daughter is speaking to someone that's not physically here. One day summer was in the bathroom, and I heard her screaming my name. So I went up there, and summer had an entire new vision of this little girl with black hair and black tears crying in the shower. It was more frightening. I saw a black cloud in my bedroom. and it really scared me. The cloud would hover over top of me. One night, I was sitting on my carpet. Coloring, and I felt a sudden punch. In my back. I turned around, but no one was there. And I started hearing creaking, so I started yelling, "mom! Mom!" the closet door started to fall on me. I had to run and grab it before the entire thing fell on her. I felt like someone was trying to harm me. Later on, summer saw a man in the backyard when she was playing near the tree. Anytime she was out there playing, she said she would see him. In the living room, I have experienced shadow people go up and down the stairs. I've experienced stuff on my own in the basement. I was just laying down to go to sleep. One of the toys went off. Then another toy went off. It happened again. that's when I ran out of the basement. As soon as that incident happened, we had no choice but to call somebody to finally figure out what was really going on here and to try and put an end to it all. how are your children being affected with this? I had to physically move my daughter's room. She won't sleep in there. A female child of that age a lot of times can manifest the activity themselves, especially poltergeist-type activity. They can actually create the things that are going on in the house. What's the most recent activity that you all have had? Couple times when I've been here, my son will point, and he'll say "monster. The monster." he was looking to the basement, and he's saying, "it's down there. It's down there." I do have video footage of that. What do you see down there? Where? Oh, geez. And then I'm getting freaked out 'cause, you know what I mean? I'm in the house with my son seeing monsters, and I don't see anything. Where do you think the hottest spots of paranormal activity are in the house? My daughter's old room, which is now our office, and the tree in the backyard. When we first moved in the house, my daughter was instantly drawn to the backyard and to this tree. Well, do you want to show us this tree? Absolutely. You guys mind if I set up command center? - Yeah, set it up. - All right. Yeah, so this is the tree right here. Do you think we can talk with summer about her connection to this tree? - Yeah, absolutely. - Yeah, absolutely. - Hey, sum, come here. - Okay. - Over there swinging away. - Wow. - Here she comes. - How are you, summer? - I'm good. - I'm jason. This is steve. - Hi, summer. - Hi. So we were talking to your mom and dad about this tree. Have you had any experiences, or have you seen anything over here? There was a guy right over there I could see just kind of glide towards me. And it really scared me. What did he look like? Like, really pale, light, and I could see him, and then he just went away. It's possible summer could be the catalyst for the poltergeist activity in this house. She doesn't appear to be anything but a normal young girl. But then again, that's often the case. It's usually the inner conflict of youth that can cause a poltergeist to manifest. Well, I think we got everything we need. - Yeah. Thank you so much. - Yeah. Thank you guys. While charmaine and the two children leave their home, we've asked mario to join us tonight for an experiment. We're going to set up a camera in every room where the cerritos have experienced paranormal activity. In the living room, we'll focus the camera on the stairs, one in summer's bedroom, and one in the office. We're also going to cover the backyard, where the cerritos' daughter, summer, has seen the apparition of a man near one of the trees. All right, we got most of the equipment set up, ready to go. Well, with everything going on in the backyard and summer, I can walk around with the full-spectrum camera right there, steve, in your hand. The full-spectrum camera is able to see the sources of light that we're not able to see. I think that's a great idea. With poltergeist activity being reported in the house, dave and I are gonna start our investigation in the basement playroom where mario cerrito has experienced toys going off on their own and where little mario has reported seeing what he called monsters. What do you see down here? - Playroom. - All right. So these are the toys, huh? And he says that a good handful of them all went off at the same time, like, just started, "ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba!" hmm. Do you know a little girl by the name of summer? They claim to see you walking around. if there is any toy in here you want to play with, we'll play with it. are you into playing games? Summer says she's seen a man hanging around this tree. You're frightening her. Who are you? I have this device which will let me see you. - whoa! - What? That -- look. Look what just happened. Yeah. One toy fell on this one. This one went off. This one went off, and this one went off. I wonder if something like that happened to mario. Three or four of them went off at once. - Right. - You know, it scared him. He's already on edge because of all the strange things happening in the house. - He just got spooked. - Yep. It's one explanation, but I want to keep my eye on this room. We've got lightning. We've got tornado warnings. That's perfect to help electrify the air for activities. I mean, the theory is it could ionize the atmosphere. If you guys want to head in and see if reciting some of that, you know, written word could work as a catalyst, you're all set. - Sounds good. - Thank you. All right. Homeowner mario cerrito believes that writing his horror stories in the house could be triggering the paranormal activity. So to test his theory, we're sending doug and mario to the most active room in the house -- summer's old bedroom, which is now mario's office. This is where a door became mysteriously unhinged and fell on her and where she's seen the apparition of a little girl. It's also where doug caught his evp. This is one of your scripts for one of your movies, correct? Yes. So if you want to go ahead and just start reading part of it, and we'll see if we can get any kind of reaction. "he looks down at his feet and sees a brown box, which is oozing blood." Hello? did you just knock? you heard that, too, right, mario? Yes, I did. We're investigating the home of the cerrito family in rural mantua, new jersey, where a horror writer's 10-year-old daughter, summer, could be the victim of a poltergeist that's causing disturbances throughout the family home. But she's also being tormented by the spirit of a little girl and a man she has seen by a tree in the backyard. We're using homeowner mario as a trigger object to test his belief that his horror writing is activating spirits in this house. "'leave this house' is written real big in red spray paint on the white wall. He looks down at his feet and sees a brown box, which is oozing blood." mm. Hello? did you just knock? you heard that, too, right, mario? Yes, I did. I would love for you to knock again. "his eyes widen in fear as he sees what's inside -- raw, fresh, bleeding intestines and organs. Matt grabs the note that is inside and reads it. 'unless you want to end up in the next box, leave this house.'" okay, hold on one second. it sounds like a very slight movement. Are you moving around in that living room? I'm not trying to chase you through the house. I'm just trying to talk to you. Are you the little girl crying black tears that summer has seen? Are you trying to be her friend? If you're a child, you don't have to be afraid of me. I am a daddy myself. I have three young kids. if that's you trying to give me a sign you gotta do better than that. but I don't know. It could be the water outside. hey, guys. How did it go in there? I wanted to test the theory of him reading his scripts to see if we got any responses. And it seemed as if something was getting me to chase them, but it wasn't consistent enough. If it was making the noises, answering that couldn't really determine it yet. The noises doug heard with mario are interesting. I wonder if mario's writing of horror stories could actually be triggering spirit or poltergeist activity in the house. Mario is going to be joining his family for the rest of the week. But doug will be staying on with us. Mario, thanks for your time, man. Absolutely, man. I'm glad you were able to hang out with us tonight. We have dvrs rolling all night, so we'll see if we capture anything that might have been stirred up by mario. it's day 2 of our investigation, and last night didn't reveal any poltergeist activity or the source of the little girl or the male spirit that summer's been encountering. We've looked a a local librarian who is knowledgeable about the history of the cerrito property. We're meeting with her to see if she can help steer us to the source of summer's frightening occurrences. - Hello. - How are you? Thanks so much for taking the time. Yeah, absolutely. So you were able to find some stuff out for us? Yes. I have some good things for you, I think. This area here is kind of what we're looking at here. I know it's mostly farmland. The property that you were looking at lots of different people have owned. Are there any families that stood out to you? Any children who died on the property? One of the families that kind of caught our eye was the wood family. - Okay. - Okay. And they had a death in the family. A young child died -- gerrard woolston wood. What exactly can you tell us about that? We have his death certificate here. He died of diphtheria at the age of 11. It looks like he was sick for nine days. It looks like he died in 1882. Exactly. And any of the other children pass away there, too, or is that the only one that we...? That was the only one in the wood family that died that we found. So in that same area, also, the jones family lived there. So this is jones corner. The cerrito family home is probably right about here. So it borders it. So they were neighbors? Exactly. They purchased that property in 1911. It was isaac murray jones and his wife, anna. They moved there with three daughters. Two of them actually died. One baby girl, evelyth -- she only made it to two weeks old, and then the other one was margaret. And we had a death certificate for her, as well. Margaret died of scarlet fever. She was 6 years six. Six. Well, thank you so much for taking the time out of your day. - Absolutely. - This is a lot of help for us. Yeah, sure. Over a century ago, two children died on or near the cerritos' property -- 6- year-old margaret jones and 11-year-old gerrard wood, whose family once owned a large piece of land believed to have included the cerritos' property. Both children are now paranormal suspects in our investigation. It's possible margaret might be a migratory spirit with black tears traveling to this house. We also have to consider that there might be a connection between gerrard wood's death and the spirit of a man seen by the tree. Since the house is so small, I feel like real-time analysis call-and-response could really happen in the central area of the house - right there in the living room? - Right. The most open space we can find. Right. And then we can hear and see things at the staircase, as they claim to see those shadows at the staircase. Right. so here we have. Real-time analysis and investigation call-and-response session. My name is dave. I'm steve. My name's jason. There's a new family here. They have little children with them. They're afraid to sleep in their rooms. And obviously the parents that live here are concerned. Do you realize that you're scaring them? We want to know who you are. We know that a little boy named gerrard wood died on this property at 11 years old. We also know that margaret jones died nearby at 6 years old. Are either of you here? Can imagine how tough it is for a father to have lost an 11-year-old son. Good point, jay. Your son was sick for nine days. I'm sure you probably tried everything you could. I can't imagine the pain you must have felt. Is there something keeping you here? is that you the family has seen out in the yard by the tree? are you looking for your son? if you're gerrard wood jr., 11 years old, are you here with us? Or margaret? Can you show yourself to us? that "boom, boom, boom." I can't tell where that's coming from. Do you hear that, too? I can't tell if it's in the house or outside the house. It's, like, banging -- a little... Listen. - There it is. - It's right there. Yeah. We're investigating a house in a rural new jersey where the homeowner believes that his horror writing is stirring up paranormal occurrences. "he looks down at his feet and sees a brown box oozing blood." We're looking into the possibility of both poltergeist and spirit activity. We learned from a local historian that a girl, margaret jones, tragically died nearby and a young boy, gerrard wood, died on the property. I wonder if these children or gerrard's father could be behind the cerritos' haunting. Can you show yourself to us? Listen. - There it is. - It's right there. Yeah. there it is. I'll just walk the house all right. Margaret jones, how about doing something to let us know you're here? this is where summer used to sleep and had the door fall on her. It's also where doug captured his evp. Have an evp. Is there  another person here that also helps you? Are any of the wood family here, or an entity that wants to show itself? If you want me to leave this room, you can do a loud bang. How about that? I didn't hear anything once I got up there. All right, so check that off the list. That's something that now we know. So far we haven't been able to make contact with the spirits of margaret jones or any of the wood family members. So we're going to reassess the best way forward. Now, what do you think about what we learned today? Do you think that the woods family the jones family are playing anything into this? It didn't seem to really trigger anything. The funny thing is, though, with farmland, you got to remember, a lot of those families would bury their family members on their land. Mm-hmm. So it's always a possibility that they could have buried somebody on this land. Mm-hmm. Well, everything going on in the backyard and summer, I mean, we could always see about possibly getting a cadaver dog down and at least seeing if there are any unmarked graves back there. - I think we need to. - Rule it out, you know? At least we'd be one step closer into figuring if that's even a possibility. You know, all about checking off boxes, you know? - It's a process of elimination. - Process of elimination. - We can try again tomorrow. - Yeah. Just because activity doesn't happen now doesn't mean it won't happen tomorrow. Absolutely. Our next course of action is to investigate the tree in the backyard where summer saw the apparition of a male. It's possible he could be the father of gerrard wood, who died on the property. To find the answers, we need to go beyond human perception. it's the next day of our investigation, and we are turning to the expertise of canines to help us with our case. All right, we'll meet you out there, then. Thanks. All right. Mark from greater philadelphia search and rescue is here. Cadaver dogs. Look at this. Wow. They got a lot of dogs. You've got the whole gang here. Thank you for coming out and spending some time with us today. This is gonna be quite valuable to our research. No problem. But we just want to find out, is it possible that a body is buried here? Dogs I have today are specially trained to find deceased people and human remains. Sure. They can find people that are missing over 100 years. - Oh, my god. - Geez. What will they do when they hit on something? Will they sit? Will they go back to it? Will they circle? Sit, bark, alert. It's different for different ones. - I see. Okay. - All right. So what's the next step, then? What do we got to do? We should drive some rebar and perk the soil here a little bit and let it aerate, and then run the dogs through one at a time and see what they get. So maybe we'll start perking the ground... - Get it set. - Get it set. And they can do their thing. Absolutely. I think that's the way to do it. If there is a body buried in the backyard, it's possible it's been there for a century and nobody today would know it's there. - Steve, do you trust me? - No. You guys are gonna kill each other. See, if I was holding it, that would be my hand -- broken wrist. all right, one probe done. guys, I've got like 30 done. What, you got a special tool? - Got a special tool? - It's a special ground poker. It's a broken golf club - special tool. - Special tool. We did like you said we perked the ground about every two to four feet. Yep. And there's a nice grid back here. So it'd be cool if we just hung out up there? Stand over there and look pretty. All right. search! The average human has 5 million olfactory receptors while the average dog has 220 million. If gerrard wood or another family member was buried on the property, these cadaver dogs will be able to pick up their scent. Here's dog number 2. These dogs are sent out one at a time so that the search-and-rescue team could see if each dog reacts to the same area. They don't need to know what the other one's doing. This will be an indication that a body could be buried in that spot. Local paranormal investigator doug hogate asked us to help him on a case in mantua, new jersey. The homeowner, mario cerrito, believes his writing of horror stories in the house is stirring up paranormal activity and tormenting their 10-year-old daughter, summer. She seen the apparition of a man that could be the father of gerrard wood, a young boy who died on the property over a century ago. We've brought in cadaver dogs to find out if gerrard wood may be buried in the backyard. I think he found some stuff that he likes. You got anything? no. Nothing yet. Any determinations on anything? There's no strong indications of any decomposition or anything in the ground. So in the team's assessment, we're probably not looking at any human remains back here. Not in the rear of the house, no. Okay. This is actually gonna make the family feel really comfortable. - Thanks for your time, man. - Appreciate it. - Thank you very much. - Pleasure. - Thank you. - Thank you, sir. With the cadaver dogs unable to find evidence of a body buried in the backyard, we still don't have answers to who could be behind the male apparition that the cerritos' daughter, summer, encounters by the tree. But we have a night's investigation ahead of us to try to figure this out, as well as who the spirit of the little girl could be and if there is poltergeist activity here. We're sending doug and dave to investigate the living room, where doug heard a noise during the first night's investigation when mario read a passage from one of his horror novels. "he looks down at his feet and sees a brown box which is using blood." mm. Hello? Did you just knock? so where were the sounds last? It sounded to me as if it was coming from the living room here. Okay. And you said you heard what sounded like shuffling on the -- yeah. It sounded about the distance as it would be here, would be my good guess, but kind of like a... - Like that. - Like a shuffle, yeah. But it was -- but like a small kid, like -- yeah. If it would sound like something, like maybe like a small child. Huh. so I know that they have had many occasions where they've seen things going up and down the steps and heard the footsteps and the creaking and things like that. Well, I wouldn't mind trying to see if it will happen again. I'm up here. I could tell if there are sounds coming up here. You could tell if there's sounds coming down there. Right. Grab the recorder. Let's just be as still as possible... Okay. ...And just ask for whatever is doing that to do it again. - Sure. - Hello. My name's dave. I know you know doug. Can you walk towards us, please? you were making all kinds of noises earlier. Summer has seen a little girl crying black tears. Margaret jones, is that you? are you trying to be friends with summer? did you hear that? Yeah. It sounds like it's coming from the master bedroom. We're in mantua, new jersey, investigating the home of the cerrito family. Mario suspects his writing of horror stories is generating paranormal activity in this house. Their daughter, summer, has encountered the most occurrences. She's been tormented by spirits of a male and a little girl, as well as a possible poltergeist. Is there  another person here that also helps you? We've been looking at this case from every angle and may have a breakthrough. Did you hear that? Yeah. It sounds like it's coming from the master bedroom. hold on. How about this? yeah. That right there is about it. There's, like, these bracelets. I think the air just kicked on. Could it be the air conditioning that made these bracelets move? - hey. - Hey, guys. - Hey, now. - What's going on? These bracelets -- they were kind of swinging a little bit. Then they started swinging on their own, but it turned out to be the air conditioning that kicked on and moved the bracelets, which made the noise. So far, this has been one of the most puzzling investigations for us. We've gotten barely any responses since being here. But the cerrito family has encountered far too much activity for us to simply discount their paranormal experiences in the home. We still might find something when we go through our evidence, but in the meantime, we need to focus on another possibility. Why don't you and I at least go in and try to do a sweep of emf on this house? I'd like to bring in a trifield meter. All right, do it. So that way I can measure the triple axis. All right. - You good? Sure am. I think we need to check summer's room. when we get over near her bed, her head's right here. Look. Look at this. At her head level. We're at a fricking almost a 60. Geez. That is an excessive amount. This is what we've been talking about for years -- high emfs right there like that. That would mean paranoia, fatigue, hallucinations, skin irritation. Absolutely. Blotchy vision, the whole thing. And you go like this all night long. Oh, man. If they don't fix that, she could have permanent effects. Can you just imagine? I mean, they're subject to this all day and night. I want to check out her old room upstairs. wow! 10.0 in the middle of the room at head level. 20. 20 is almost 10 times what we should be reading. Wow. Geez. That is just... Mother of god. This whole room is like this. I think we need to check the emf in the son's room. I've got high readings in all magnitudes 'cause this is taking three fields and compressing it into one reading. We're down near his head. Whoo! Bad. Holy crap. It's coming off of this outlet. They've got to do something about that. That's very dangerous. This poor kid -- that could really frazzle his little brain. Could the high energy and emf in the house be working as a catalyst? - Fueling the activity. - Fueling the activity. Maybe there is some activity, and it's because there's so much extra energy into the atmosphere. This family is under attack. could the high energy and emf in the house be working as a catalyst? - Fueling the activity. - Fueling the activity. Maybe there is some activity, and it's because there's so much extra energy into the atmosphere. This family is under attack. These emfs have us really worried for the cerrito family. The levels are as much as 100 times above normal. High emfs can help fuel paranormal activity. As we are unable to make contact with any entities, we suspected that there was different reasons for the off-the-chart readings. This case had us scratching our heads, but through the process of elimination, we've reached our conclusion as to what's behind the family's paranormal disturbances. All right, well, thanks for meeting up with us. We came in to really look after everything that you guys told us was happening and everything that doug filled us in on. The cerrito family believes that mario's horror writing is responsible for triggering paranormal activity in their home. That mainly targets their daughter summer. When I write, it's almost like feeding off of my dark energy. But the idea that a ghost would be aware of mario's macabre writing just didn't add up for us. Because of summer's age and the type of paranormal occurrences she's been experiencing, we feel there is a possibility she may have manifested poltergeist activity in the home. A child of that age a lot of times can manifest the activity themselves. They can actually create the things that are going on in the house. But during our investigation, nothing materialized to support that theory. - Look what just happened. - Yeah. One toy fell on this one. This one went off. This one went off, and this one went off. I wonder if something like that happened to mario. Three or four of them went off at once. - Right. - You know, it scared him. If you want me to leave this room, you can do a loud bang. How about that? And also the closet door in summer's room -- I mean, doors like that can fall off. I've had them fall off. I'm not saying that's what happened, but without being there or having a video of it... It's hard, yeah. ...Yeah, we can only speculate when it comes down to that. When looking for the source of a little girl crying black tears, that was tormenting summer, we discovered that a girl named margaret jones died on the property that once boarded the cerritos. Margaret died of scarlet fever. She was 6 years. Then we turned to the apparition of a man this summer sees by a tree in the backyard. They had a death in the family. A young child died -- gerrard woolston wood. It was common on farmlands over a century ago for families to bury loved ones on their property. We thought the man could have been gerrard woods' father lingering where his son might have been buried. So we took it to the extent where we even brought in cadaver dogs. Search! There's no strong indications of any decomposition or anything in the ground. Finally, we found what we believe is the cause for the poltergeist and spirit disturbances in the cerritos' home. One thing we did find during the investigation which was really interesting to us was there were high -- extremely high -- magnetic fields throughout the house. - Shhh. - Wow! 10.0 in the middle of the room at head level. 20. Geez. That is just... Mother of god. This family is under attack. There is theory that they can help spirits manifest and show themselves, give them the ability to move objects and things of that nature. But, also, there's the whole scientific side where high emfs creates everything from nausea, fatigue, hallucinations, skin irritation, paranoia, and these things all come into play. According to some scientists, people who have had long-term exposure to high emfs are at an increased risk to develop life-threatening diseases such as brain cancer, heart disease, and depression, not to mention paranoia and hallucinations. There's a safety factor, as well. And we took it upon ourselves to bring in an electrician try to figure out what was going on. This is broken. See? It's busted in half. It's really pretty bad safety issues, so we're gonna change this out. There was activity here because doug did get the evp saying, "it's me." the activity that's here -- if it was fueling off the emfs and we remove the emfs, that activity's gonna diminish, if not come to a complete halt, because there's nothing for it to fuel its ability to manifest itself. Okay. So if in a month or two you're still having experiences, we need to come back. But bottom line -- we're here to help in case you need us again, and hopefully we've already helped you guys. - Yeah. Absolutely. - Absolutely. Thank you very much for your time, man. - Thank you so much. - Thanks, man. Thank you. With the emfs now under control, life should return to normal for the cerrito family. Mario can continue to write his horror screenplay, and summer can grow up without the worry that an entity in the house means her harm. We hope we've given summer and her family the comfort and the peace they deserve. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 