Ghost Nation: Season 1, Episode 8 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Ghost Nation 
 s1e8 - Trail of Terrors - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Ghost Nation (2019–…): Season 1, Episode 8 - Trail of Terrors - full transcript 
 The team take on a case in McMinnville, Tennessee, where a woman believes paranormal phenomena in her home is affecting her health. Their investigation reveals the area's connection to the Trail of Tears could be to blame for the activity. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Next on "ghost nation"... Once we moved into our dream house, it quickly turned into a nightmare. Something was physically holding us in the bed. Our dresser was moved in front of the door. This cannot just slide on its own. Something pushed me up the stairs. This house is contributing to make us sick. Did you just hear that? That was another voice. The trail of tears was the relocation 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 of the native americans. Contractors saw a bone under the house. Let's go. Search. These dogs find odor well over 100 years, easily. wait. It's changing right in front of us. Wait a second! What's that? "there is something else in this house." make some sort of a noise. Let us know you're here with us. I'm right beside you. We are a community of searchers. This family is under attack. We are... 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 ..."ghost nation." It's beautiful. We're in the small town of mcminnville, tennessee, to take on our next high-stakes case. - Dave, you look so at peace. - I am at peace. I'm good. The collins river is known as one of the best places in tennessee for kayaking, so we're having a little fun before we meet local paranormal investigator mark walsh. hey, mark. - Hey, thanks for coming out. So what's going on with this case? The homeowners, ginger and chris, got a hold of us. She's a cancer survivor. My. Yeah, and she's concerned that what's going on in the home is affecting her health and possibly making it worse. Right. So what kind of activity are they having going on at this house? Ginger's been talking about disembodied voices and footsteps, shadow people. - That's interesting. - Yeah. What else? Things flying out of the laundry room on their own. now, you've been there investigating. What have you witnessed there? During our investigation, we captured some lights in the kitchen area that were floating across the room. - Okay. - Yeah. That's interesting. Who do they think is behind this activity? They think it's the burroughs family. They were the original owners of the house. I'm worried about the well-being of ginger in the house. The stakes are too high for my team to do this alone, and we decided that we needed someone else to come in and help us. Okay. I think we should probably get over there and talk with ginger and chris. - Yeah. - Okay. - All right. Sweet. - Let's do it. - Nice. - Cool. Mark. This area is beautiful. So how far away are we from nashville? - About an hour and a half. - Okay. So, mark, what's around here? What are people doing? There is the collins river, and its got many forks that they do kayaking and fishing on the river. Yeah, we had a blast. Yeah. A lot of noodling up this way? A lot of what? Noo-- using your arm to catfish? I think so. Yeah. - You're in freaking tennessee. - Geez. Thought you were saying noodling, like on a kayak with those noodles. - Me too. That's what I thought. - That's a noodle, right? The things that float? People -- yeah. Just go up here and hang a left. Okay. Right here -- this yellow house. This case has a lot riding on it. One of the homeowners believes the paranormal activity is jeopardizing her health. If that's true, we have to act fast and figure out who or what is haunting this house. - Hey, gentlemen. - Hey, chris. How you doing? Thank y'all so much for coming. It's really nice to meet you guys... Yes. ...And thank you for letting us come in your home. We're gonna, you know, be here for quite some time. And mark has filled us in on what they have found, but why don't you tell us about your experiences? We've had all kinds of things happen here. we first moved into the house around November of 2016. The house is very old, so there's a lot of history here. Once we moved into our dream house, it quickly turned into a nightmare. in the laundry room, I was folding clothes, and I heard some scratching in the ceiling, and a plastic bin flew off into the hallway. We quickly realized there's something here with us. I feel like the activity in this house could be from the burroughs family because they built this house. My parents have come to stay here with us. My mother was getting up in the middle of the night to go to the kitchen, and as she was traveling through the victorian room, she heard a growl... ...And then she felt something literally pass through her. It was bone-chilling cold just for that moment, and then everything was back to a normal temperature. After that event with my mom, things escalated. I was sleeping downstairs in the guest room... ...And I woke up, and I saw a female figure standing just outside the bedroom door. She had dark hair and was wearing a white dress. That was really scary to me. In the guest room, I saw the closet door knob turn and then open. Something was watching me. It feels like we're not wanted here, and it's doing everything in its power to get rid of us. another area of the house that has activity would be the stairwell. I was walking up the steps, and at one point something actually pushed me to where I fell completely down on the top landing. In our bedroom, we've had a lot of activity. One morning, I woke up and I went to walk out the door, but our dresser was moved halfway over in front of the door. It is easily over 200 pounds. Something that can move something that heavy without making a sound is absolutely terrifying because who knows what it could do to us? Yeah. The scariest thing for me -- we were sleeping upstairs in the bedroom, and I noticed, like, a pressure all over my body. Something was physically holding us in the bed. We both were struggling, and finally I just yelled, "get off of us!" at that moment, he covers flew off of us, and there was a mist we saw go up into the air, and it just dissipated into nothing. it was terrifying to know whatever is here had the power to do something like that. Several years ago, I had cancer and chemotherapy, and I was recently diagnosed with lyme disease, which also affects your immune system. So the activity in the house and the stress that it's causing me isn't helping things at all. I'm scared for my family because we can't keep living like this. So what's the most recent activity you all have experienced? We had contractors come in, and they were checking under our house, and he saw a bone, and he said, "that didn't look like an animal bone." it was bigger. It was a longer bone, like a femur or something. And they would not go back under the house to get the bone. Did he say specifically where the bone was? It's under the guest room. Okay. And you all are okay if we attempt to try to get in there? Yeah. What are you hoping that we're able to accomplish here, then? I'm hoping to find some answers about why activity happens here and if this house is contributing to all of... Yeah. ...The things that are happening to make us feel bad. And I have a lot of joint pains, and I'll spike fevers for no reason, and -- and you think that's tied to this house? Yes. It's been worse from the very first day I bought this house in one issue after another. All right, well, we're gonna do our best to try to figure it all out and try to get some answers for you. The di vincenzos are moving out of their home so that we can conduct our week-long investigation. They've made a lot of claims, so we have our work cut out for us. Let's get everything set up and get going. Yes. All right. Yes. - All right. - Cool. We're placing cameras in the areas the di vincenzos have experienced paranormal activity. These cameras have power. So we're sending up a dvr camera in this room because there was a cold presence felt and a growl heard. Right now we have one cam in the kitchen where mark captured the video with lights. This is the old guest room. So this is where a female apparition was seen and the door knob turned on its own. I'm also placing a camera in the master bedroom where chris and ginger were held down in bed and the dresser slid across the room. And I'm positioning another camera on the staircase where ginger said she was pushed. While mark and jay watched the monitors, tango and I are starting our investigation at the staircase where ginger was pushed. Let's just walk this, see if anything feels funny to us or off. some of the things that they're saying happens does seem to have an aggression to it. Yeah. All right, dave, this feels good. I'm gonna keep my head at head level, as well. Okay. Any sensation of getting pushed upwards? There is no sensation of getting pushed upwards, but there's a sensation of -- I was gonna say, actually, don't tell me. Okay, good call. Okay. I'm coming up. no, nothing upwards. - No? - No. Okay. What I experienced coming up is when I go into that extremely padded spot, I feel a hesitation. I could maybe misinterpret that as something stopping my momentum. Is there anything you can see visibly, like, that you could slip on? No. Man. They're saying they're getting pushed forward upwards. I just heard something. I heard it, too. Hello? Is anyone here with us? It sounded like a thud, I guess. we're gonna come down the stairs. Is that okay with you if we come down and talk to you? what was that? I heard it -- a male voice. It was like a grungy, "agh-yah." it was. It was, exactly. Tango for jason. What's up, dave? Hey, did somebody just, like, cough or kind of grunt? There wasn't any cough or grunt here. Copy that. Did you hear a thump a little while ago, as well? - Yes, we did. - Yes, we did. I heard the thump, as well. Something is here with us. tango for jason. What's up, dave? Hey, did somebody just, like, cough or kind of grunt? There wasn't any cough or grunt here. Copy that. Did you hear a thump a little while ago, as well? - Yes, we did. - Yes, we did. I heard the thump, as well. Something is here with us. Where did it sound like it was coming from? I think the master bedroom. I'll come over and meet you guys at the base of the stairs and we can check it out while mark watches the monitors. Copy. one of the claims in the master bedroom is the dresser moved on its own. Yeah. Something that could move something that heavy is absolutely terrifying. Who knows what it could do to us? This is also where they saw that mist. Yeah. There was a mist we saw go up into the air, and it just dissipated into nothing. This is the dresser here, jay. - Feel that. - That is a heavy dresser. It's crazy, right. And it's against the carpet, too. It's not like it's a wood floor, you know? Got a little bit. - All right. - That takes a lot of effort. - Yeah. - Yeah. This can not just move and slide on its own. No, no way. Well, that couldn't have made that thud noise we all heard because it didn't move. We also can't debunk their claim at this point. Yeah. Let's leave the cameras rolling and see if anything shows up when we review the footage tomorrow. Absolutely. After concluding our first night's investigation at the di vincenzos' home, I'm interested in checking out that mysterious bone found under the house by the contractor. He saw a bone. "that didn't look like an animal bone." it was bigger, like a femur or something. So while steve and I follow up on this bone... Thank you for going in, jay. Well, one of us had to. ...Tango is meeting with local historian, sarah blair... Welcome. ...To get more information on the previous homeowners and any deaths that might have occurred on the property. Thank you so much for meeting me on such short notice. Not a problem. I was happy to see what I could dig up for you. So what do you have? The house that you contacted me about... ...Was actually built in 1873... Okay. ...By a man named thomas franklin burroughs okay. He lived there with his wife, nancy, and they actually had three children. Thomas was a pretty prominent guy in the community. He had a very prosperous spoke-and-handle company. So burroughs is a pretty well-known name around here. I bet. Wow. Did any burroughs family members die on the property? Mr. Burroughs actually passed away in the family home. - In the house, okay. - In the house in 1895. He was 63 years old. 63. So that was the first death that took place. The second death I have associated with the home for you is thomas' wife, nancy anne burroughs. She died in 1919. Okay. And then some years later, her son james died in the home. Okay. Wow. But, yeah, that's several deaths that's associated. Yeah, that's a really big help. I really do appreciate it. Good. Absolutely. If you get claustrophobic in there at all, just yell. So, what, you gonna grab my legs and pull me out? Yes, I'll grab your legs and pull right out. Good times. Jay, brown recluse, snakes -- watch out for those. What? They come in snakes now? Well, no, I meant brown recluse  and snakes. well, you got to separate the two. Just be careful. Holy ****. What do you see, jay? Holy crap. We're in mcminnville, tennessee, investigating the victorian home of the di vincenzo family. Homeowner ginger suffers from health issues, which he says are being compounded by the terrifying paranormal activity in the house. It feels like we're not wanted here. They believe the burroughs, who built this home in the 1800s, to be behind the female apparition, a mist... It just dissipated into nothing. ...And a threatening entity. Something was physically holding us in the bed. Steve and I are looking into a mysterious bone rumored to be under the house. Holy ****. What do you see, jay? Holy crap. There's gonna be no way you're gonna be able to get back to where the guy claimed those bones are. From the ground to the floor joist is only about maybe 12 inches wide. You don't think anybody could ever get back there? You'd have to be the size of paper. Since you can't really get over there, is there a way to see if that bone is there? I can see back there with a flashlight, and I don't see any bones. All right, coming out head first. - I'll take that. - All right. Thank you. Watch your head, jay. - all right. - Holy crap. Oof! - Thanks. - There you go. - Yeah, man. - Man. Must be ho-o-o-t. I'll tell ya -- if anybody made it to the back of that house, first off, I'd be extremely surprised if that was real, if they really did. Right. There's just no way, steve. I mean, you get 20 feet in, and you have this much room. And that runs the rest of the length of the house. Wow. How? I mean, how are you even gonna get the room to be able to shimmy through there? It's impossible. Where does the story of the bone come into play, then? I don't know. I don't know. It seems for now, we've reached a dead end with our search for the mysterious bone under the house. But there's still a lot to uncover about this property. We're hopeful that tango's research will give us new avenues to explore during tonight's investigation. - Hey, how are you? - Hey, how are you doing? Good. Can I help you? Walking around the block, and I used to live here. I'm jason. So what brings you over, then? Small town. I just kind of heard you guys were, you know, in town doing a little research on the house, and thought maybe I might be able to lend a hand with it. So, how long did you live here for? For about two and a half years. Did you have any issues when you lived here? Yeah, we had quite a few paranormal experiences. Really? Let's get up on the porch. It's starting to rain. Okay, sure. So what kind of activity did you have? It was a common thing to just kind of feel like the presence of something was in your space. Chills, you know? Hair stand up. It just felt like there was somebody else in here with me. And then it was a beautiful spring morning, and I hadn't gotten out of the bed, and all of a sudden, I hear this voice coming from the foot of the bed. And it was a male's voice, and he says, "I'm going to kill you." - man. - What? Wow. And at that point, fear just run all over my body. Did you ever have any thoughts on who or what could be behind your experiences? Warren county has a lot of history. As you know, the trail of tears was the relocations of the native americans. And, you know, they came straight through mcminnville, and I think there was 500 graves that came about from that trail of tears there. It was a travesty for those folks having to go through. So you feel their spirits could be behind the activity? - Yeah. - All right. Well, it definitely looks like we've got a storm coming in. - Yeah. - Thank you so much. The strange experiences dale claimed to have while living in this house sound very similar to what the di vincenzos are reporting. Two separate families experiencing the same aggressive entity makes this case even more fascinating. Something was physically holding us in the bed. Tomorrow, we'll have to look into dale's theory that the haunting has something to do with the trail of tears. But right now, we've got another long night of investigating ahead of us. I was thinking maybe we could get in there and check out where you saw those lights... Okay. ...And maybe the staircase where then last night, tango and I heard a male voice and a thud. So, that would be pretty cool to check out. Yeah. this is the kitchen area where you showed us that footage of where you saw those lights kind of moving over here. Yeah. Just kind of like fairy lights, you know? I guess that's the best way to explain it. I'm gonna go outside and see what light coming through those windows looks like. Right. - I'll do that now. - All right. All right, I'm starting over here at the dining-room window, okay? Copy. It's hitting up top, but not -- yeah. I see it there. See how it's twinkling? - Steve for jay, please. - Go ahead. Would you mind driving the vehicle by, to see if the headlights do anything? 'cause it did have a bit of that headlight look to it. Yeah, I can do that. Awesome. pulling out. All right, jay, we are ready. Gonna be going by the house now. - Copy. - Nice. All right, here I come. it's the same direction, and it's almost like the same kind of movement. It doesn't, like, you know, sparkle, but -- That could be how the ir kind of empathized that. Could have blown it out. Yep. Yeah, jay, it's the same direction as the lights. Something could have been blocking the window a little bit, and maybe that's why it looked like it's flickering. So, yeah, it definitely could be that. I think we sort of figured out what those lights could be... Right. ...Not what they definitively are, but what they could be. Right. Do you want to move over to the staircase where we heard that sound and voice last night? Sure. Yes, let's go towards the activity. Yeah. a good shot there. - Jay to steve. - Go for steve. Hey, steve, just come here for a minute. Copy that. I want you to look at this. I would have thought that it's just a normal piece of dust, but watch this thing. It's been doing this for a couple minutes now. You see how it's got some weird trail to it, too? - Where's it going? - I don't know. At one point it started going into the other room. Wait a second! What's that? I see a mist. What's that? I see a mist. That went into the room. And then it's gone now. It looked misty. Yeah, that looked like it was moving. Jay, if you remember, he claimed to be laying on his bed and looking up and saw a mist. There was a mist we saw go up into the air, and it just dissipated into nothing. Want me to go to that camera and see what's in front of it? Yeah. all right, so where you are right now, it's right in front of you. Jay, I can see what you see in the camera there. You see it? The little piece of lint. All right, strangely, though, it doesn't explain the mist that was behind it. Not at all. Okay. Let's go check out the guest room where we saw that mist dissipate while tango and mark can take over at the monitors. Copy that. all right, so here we are in the guest bedroom. This is the closet that the door handle was jiggling, right? In the guest room, I saw the closet door knob turn and then open. You know, it's not securely on there. It's not even screwed in. Do you think there's a chance that when their air turns on, it rattles the door? I mean, they've seen a female apparition, supposedly. We have some names here from tango's meeting with the historian -- family members who have died in the house. Nancy? Did somebody see you in this room? we know thomas built this house for you and the family, and a lot of people who come through this house think you're still here. Someone who lives here has seen you. Is anyone from the burroughs family here? James? the only thing that would have even possibly created a mist, steve, would be a light reflecting off this mirror and that camera over there picking it up. It would look like a beam of light. I wonder if the female apparition they're claiming to see is just residual. You have the residual haunting, which is a woman, possibly nancy burroughs. You have an intelligent haunting, as well. Last night, tango and I thought we heard a male voice. I heard a male voice. It was like a grungy, "agh-yah." maybe there's some intelligence behind that, if we can hear what it said? I feel like, for now, we should head out. We need to analyze all that footage. Yeah. So far, we focused our investigation on the burroughs family, but we wouldn't be doing due diligence unless we looked into the history of this area. How you making out, man? Good. I mean, since dale mentioned the trail of tears, thought I'd do some research. Okay. So the term "trail of tears" refers to when the u.S. Government forced native americans to relocate from the southeast to the west. Yeah. So in 1835, the cherokee people were marched on foot from eastern tennessee to oklahoma, often through terrible weather, like, really bad conditions. No one really knows the exact death toll, but it's estimated anywhere from 2,000 or to like 16,000. What's terrible also is, like, they didn't stop. When people died, they just dropped, and they would leave them there. - Really? - Yep. - They'd just keep going? - Yep. So maybe there could be some bodies around here maybe? That could be. You know, I think maybe looking to get some cadaver dogs out here and go from there. It'd be nice to just get a yes or a no on that. That always helps. With the cherokee native americans being marched through mcminnville in the early 1800s and the staggering number of deaths that occurred along that route, there is a possibility that there are unmarked graves on or near this property. So we've located a team of cadaver dogs to come in and search for any bodies that may have been buried here. Hey, how are you? I'm jason. Carl alexander, bloodhound search and rescue. - Steve. How are you? - How you doing? - Good. - Pleasure. So we brought you out here because there may be bodies buried on this property that are over 100 years old. Can these dogs still pick up that scent? These dogs are finding indian burials. Really? They're finding old ancestral cemeteries, so we're talking well over 100 years, easily. Wow. All right, well we're gonna step out of your way, let you guys do what you need to do, and go from there. - Okay. - Yes, thank you so much. All right. We'll stand right over there. Bobo, ready? Let's go. Search. So what we're gonna do is, if either one of these dogs have an alert or a point of interest, I'll get the old guy out that has way more experience and he would confirm if there's something there. Hup! Pop-pop, this way! Simomo. We're also bringing a cadaver dog inside the house to investigate the guest room. So, supposedly, this is where they found the bones under this back-corner area. Would the scent come up through the floor? If it's there. got anything? Doesn't seem like he's locking on to anything. He's not locking on it. So, based on all the dogs that we brought today, my opinion is that there's nothing to substantiate anything still being here, and we have to rely on the dogs. Right. Well, thank you so much for coming. - Yes, sir. - Thank you for your time. Yes, sir. Thank y'all. well, I think it should help out the family knowing that we had the cadaver dogs out here...- ...And they didn't mark anything. No. Not even a question of anything. No, but the trail of tears did run through here. We just have no evidence of any deaths taking place on this property from that atrocity. Right. If you don't mind hanging out at the monitor with mark... Sure. ...And we'll get in and start investigating. Let's check out ginger's claim in the laundry room. so as she was in here folding stuff, she kept on looking up here. I heard some scratching, and the plastic bin flew off into the hallway. is there anyone here with us? thomas burroughs... ...Did you push the bin onto the floor to get ginger's attention? you just hear that? there it was again. We're in mcminnville, tennessee, investigating the home of the di vincenzo family. They believe their house is being haunted by the original owners of the property. The burroughs family built this house. They've reported seeing a female apparition, a strange mist... It just dissipated into nothing. ...And a threatening entity. Something pushed me up the stairs. We've learned more about the burroughs family who died in this house... Thomas burroughs, his wife, nancy, and his son james died in the home. ...As well as a tragic event that happened in mcminnville. There was 500 graves that came about from that trail of tears. Steve and I are investigating the laundry room, where I just heard a voice. Did you just hear that? there it was again. so that was twice. I have the digital recorder going. Awesome. That's great. Jay, did it sound male to you? Yeah. Jay, I've got something here on the thermal. it's changing. Looks like something touched the wall. It can't be though, because it's changing in intensity right in front of us. When an energy culminates, dissipates, or moves direction, it causes these fluctuations. See that? See? Yeah. I see it. Just as a note, that anomaly is gone now. It was there, and it was gone. Was it -- did you just hear that? It didn't sound like it came from here. It sounded like it came from that other bedroom. - Where? - It was like a, "run!" upstairs? I mean, it's tough to tell where right here. It's so weird. All right, so a couple of times there was a weird voice in here. It's on the recorder. Well, I did see that anomaly, and it sort of just hovered there for a bit, and then just kind of dissipated, and it was gone. I don't know what to make of it. Let's head upstairs in the direction we heard those voices. Okay. so they were in here. They claimed that, laying on the bed, were both held down. He saw a mist above them that disappeared, and then they were let go. Which is interesting because we also saw a mist move into the guest room. So you can kind of throw out the idea of sleep paralysis. The likeliness of two people getting it at the same time are gonna be slim to none. Thomas, we know you built the house, and then your son james lived in the house after you. james, were you the voice that we heard while we were downstairs? ginger and chris said there was a force that held them down in this room. Who are you? If someone's here, and you want to communicate, how about just closing the bedroom door just to let us know you're here? Wait. That was quite bizarre. I just saw the moving fluctuation in temperature. I wonder if something followed us up here. Wait. That was quite bizarre, I just saw the moving fluctuation in temperature. I wonder if something followed us up here. It's possible. I don't see the anomaly anymore. It's vanished like it did when we were in the laundry room. That's twice now. Well, let's head out and start going through footage. Yeah. It's gonna come down to what we find or don't find in the evidence. Yeah. The di vincenzos' case took on a whole new meaning of high stakes for us. With ginger's health concerns hanging in the balance, we've gone through all of our evidence and are about to reveal what we've discovered. Ginger, chris, thanks for having us back. Yes. You gave us your house for about a week, and I know you've dealt with some issues, and we did our best to try to figure out what was truly going on. Chris and ginger believe the burroughs family who built a home in the late 1800s are the spirits behind their hauntings. Thomas burroughs, his wife, nancy, and his son james died in the home. And there's the urgent matter of ginger's ongoing health concerns. I have a lot of joint pains, and I'll spike fevers for no reason. Our first step was to try to make contact with the burroughs family. James? Thomas, we know you died in the house. The responses we got seem to indicate the male members of the burroughs family were in this home. I heard it -- a male voice. The male voice could also be the growl heard by chris' mother. It was like a grungy, "agh-yah." Yeah, I hear it. I heard it. That's crazy. So that was an interesting piece of evidence that we got. During our investigation, we learned about a native-american atrocity. Trail of tears was the relocation of the native-americans. And, you know, they came straight through mcminnville. There was 500 graves from that trail of tears. We thought this tragedy might've tied into the bone rumored to be under the house. He saw a bone, and he said, "that didn't look like an animal bone." it was bigger. We brought in cadaver dogs to see if they were able to pick up the scent of a possible decomposed body or any bones on the property. They didn't find any signs there were any human bones on the grounds here, so that may make you feel a little better in that regard. Yes. - Yep. - Very reassuring. We captured an anomaly in the laundry room... It's changing an intensity right in front of us. - See that? See? - Yep. ...Where a basket was reported flying off a shelf... It seemed to be free-floating from the wall. As I'm looking at it, it's actually moving and sort of dissipates. Wow. That anomaly is gone now. ...And in the bedroom, where the chest of drawers had moved in front of the door. I just saw the moving fluctuation in temperature. This anomaly seen on the thermal camera could be the same mist reported by chris and ginger. There was a mist, and it just dissipated into nothing. And it's further backed up by the mist captured on the dvr camera, moving from the victorian room into the guest room. This is the area where chris' mother encountered a cold energy that passed through her and a female apparition was witnessed. I mean, that looked like it went right into the room. - Yeah. - And it looked misty. Yeah. Appears to be going around the corner, too. Yeah. So again, there it is again coming. Wow. There's a lot of different theories that it's, you know, the energy just prior to a manifestation. We seem to capture it most on thermal and on infrared. Although we can't define exactly what this mist was, the paranormal activity we encountered in this house all seems to lead back to one source. We did recognize a pattern. Whenever we brought up specifically thomas, we did get some interaction. Is there anyone here with us? Thomas burroughs? you just hear that? there it was again. I hear it. Yep, it was like a male voice saying something. - Wow. - Yeah. Numerous male voices, dissipating mist, and two anomalies captured on the thermal camera all point to the original owners of this property. And even though we didn't get any evidence of a female presence being in this house... Nancy? Did somebody see you in this room? ...The apparition that ginger witnessed could very well be thomas's wife, nancy burroughs, whose energy may have remained with the rest of her family. Imagine being thomas burroughs, who built the house...- ...And then his son lives in it after him, this whole lineage. Yes, his family, his children grew up in the home. Exactly. So he could feel protective over the home and over the people who currently live in it. We've caught a lot of evidence that supports everything that you guys have experienced, and I think you have paranormal activity, but I just want you to understand that sometimes when you have those experiences, don't automatically assume that they're malicious or negative. Okay. You being held down -- this could be their way of trying to get your attention, not harm you. Right. The dresser being pushed in front of the door very possibly wasn't a malicious intent. Being pushed up the stairs not being pushed down. Exactly. We didn't see any signs that there was anything here to fear. But we do know you've experienced things that say otherwise. You're concerned about your health, so we want to stay on top of this case. And mark's still here, and he knows how to get in touch with us. I definitely feel a lot better now. Of course, if anything seems like it's picking up or it's becoming the least bit aggressive, let us know 'cause we'll come back in a heartbeat for you. Yeah. - Thank you so much. - Thank you so much. We hope we've helped the di vincenzos understand that the spirits haunting their home are non-threatening. The fact is, a house this old can sometimes carry the remnants of its past. And in this case, the burroughs family is just not ready to leave. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 