Baby: Season 2, Episode 6 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Baby 
 s2e6 - Baby - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Baby (2018–…): Season 2, Episode 6 - Baby - full transcript 
 In the aftermath, Ludo, Damiano and Chiara try to cover their tracks and grapple with feelings of guilt and fear. Fabio savors a life-changing moment. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 A NETFLIX ORIGINAL SERIES I've been looking for you everywhere. Will you open up? [Chiara sobbing] I just want to talk to you. Pudding bowl to pudding bowl. I was trying to take the key from his pocket. It looked like something else. He's really gone too far. My folks will find out. Or maybe they already know. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Fabio told me that he and Brando kissed. Poor Fabio. Listen, let's go get the phone and delete everything. No, there's no point. He saved the video somewhere else as well. Have you got something in mind? Yeah, I've got an idea. But it's very risky. Hold your head up high. Even if you've got a dirty neck. Why the fuck did you do it, huh? Do you think it's normal? Why the fuck? - What the fuck do you want? - Calm. Have fun with Pudding Bowl and leave me fucking be. You're nuts! She's your girlfriend, you can't treat her like that! Why, how did you treat her? 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Besides, since when do you care about others? I'm starting to learn, unlike you, you're just the same asshole as ever! Oh... I'll take care of this. Listen, don't get so mad, breathe. Where is the Niccolò who never gave a shit about anything and wanted to screw everyone? Huh? You just have to relax, trust me. - Come clubbing at the Toy Room. - What, clubbing, bro? You don't know who I met the other night. He's half-crazy, his name is Manuel. He told me that if you send him a dick photo, it's on him. - A dick photo? - Yeah. What the fuck are you talking about? What's all this faggot talk? I don't do stuff like that. What are you saying? Come on, we'll have fun. I'm counting on you. Damiano. What's up? The thing between Brando and Chiara... It's my fault. - She did it to protect me. - From what? I can't tell you. Well, I don't care. She's still in love with you. She always has been. I think you should give her another chance. It's not fair. They should expel him for what he did. You're right. Stay away from them. You're not like that. Brando. It was a friend of yours who sent that video around, yes? - Actually, Dad... - You'll say it was a friend of yours. Excuse me, can I help you? I'm looking for Ludovica Storti. I'm her father. We finally meet. My pleasure, Tommaso Regoli, teacher of history and philosophy. What a pleasure! Ludovica has often spoken to me about you. Really? And what does she say? Well, that you're her favorite teacher since first year in high school. It's a shame that I only arrived here this year. Anyway, - I'll call her at once. - No, I don't want to cause any trouble. I just came to say hello and I have to hand in some forms. Maybe some other time. [Tommaso] Fair eyes... Blond hair... A nasty-looking guy. Yes, that's him. He still hasn't understood that he has to leave me alone. You have to report him. I'm not ready to talk to the police. I can handle him. I don't think so. And what worries me a lot is the fact you don't realize that. I promise you I'll do it. But I need some time. [inaudible dialogue] [Sofia] Is there any risk for me? - If you want, I'll pay you. - No, don't worry. It's not you who'll be paying me. - Thank you. - Don't mention it, I'll enjoy myself. Send me the address. Mm-hm. What's up, Damia? - I know about your guy. - What guy? Black car, takes photos of me... What, isn't he one of yours? Maybe it's someone out to get me. - What did he do to you? - He's following me. Okay, don't worry, I'll deal with it. Don't do anything stupid. [Chiara] Aren't you ever afraid of getting found out? I don't know. After all, it's just a game, right? - I'll send you everything. - Okay. [camera clicks] 1 NEW MESSAGE [door rattling] Ludo, what are you doing waiting by the door? Come on, give me a hand with the shopping. The other day, a strange man came into the shop. He gave me this. It must be a mistake. - He knows you. - I don't know him. Ludo, I trust you. However, I can't protect you in everything you do. Is there someone who can? What? Someone who makes sure that nothing bad happens to you. Of course there is. Don't worry. [Arca's "Piel" playing] [sobbing] CHIARA, WHERE ARE YOU? WE NEED TO TALK. [Natalia] What are you doing here? I was curious. [Natalia] I had asked Fiore to leave you out of all this. - As you can see, he didn't listen to you. - Mm. What about your mummy? Isn't she expecting you for lunch today? I don't want to go back to my mummy. [Natalia chuckles] Just think, I only hear from my parents at Christmas. So, for me it's easy to imagine working here. I haven't got anyone to disappoint. No one expects anything from me. Lucky you. But in the long-term, it's not that great. At least you can be yourself. So, you think you can be yourself in here? To me, you just seem alone, nothing else. I'd rather be alone than make others suffer. Damiano is suffering because of you. He deserves the truth. I know. No, you don't know. You don't know anything. Damiano came to me yesterday. I've slept with a lot of unhappy men. A lot. But I've never seen anyone as destroyed as him. So, just forget about it. And if Fiore becomes an asshole, I'll talk to him. [Arca's "Piel" playing] [Roberto] Hello, Chiara. I'm very sorry about everything that has happened. But I can guarantee you that Brando is as upset as you are. Right? Yes, of course. I'm sorry, Chiara. Naturally, Perla will no longer be in the advertising campaign, and Chiara will. - Like it was at the start. - Dad... [Roberto] That sounds more than fair to me. Let's go. - Say hi to Luisa for me. - Thank you. You messed up, Chiara. And now you will pay the consequences. With the advertising campaign, everything will be resolved. I don't want to do... Would you rather everyone talk about you just because of that video? Huh? Why did you let him make that video? [crying] [man speaking indistinctly on tv] Are you going out? - I'm meeting Alessandro. - Have you two gotten back together? No, he doesn't know we're meeting yet. I'm going to surprise him. See if he'll forgive me. You're cool. Thanks. Bye. [door opens and closes] Ludovica, what are you doing here? - I was at home alone and... - No need to explain. Come in. Are you sure? I don't want to disturb you. No, you're not disturbing me at all. I'm alone. Come on in. [Lu Colombo's "Maracaibo" playing over speaker] [crowd chattering] [inaudible dialogue] [man 1] What was that noise? Nothing. I'm working. What do you want? The same old story. The same old boring story. [man 1] Tell me about it! I want to myself. No! [man 2] By the way, - how are the wife and child doing? - [man 1] They're fine. [man 2] What are their names again, Mara and Cinzia, isn't it? You know, sometimes I wonder if they even exist. [James Blake's "Don't Miss It" playing] ♪ The world has shut me out ♪ ♪ If I give everything I'll lose everything ♪ [Ludovica crying] ♪ Everything is about... ♪ Ludovica! ♪ I am the most important... ♪ Ludovica! ♪ And you really haven't thought ♪ ♪ All those cyclical thoughts For a while ♪ ♪ And as it keeps going ♪ ♪ I could never be involved ♪ ♪ I could never really see... ♪ [Damiano] Ludovica told me that you did everything for her. I think it's her fault if you're in trouble. Chiara, you're not like that. ♪ I could avoid real time ♪ We've both screwed up. ♪ I could avoid contact with eyes ♪ ♪ I could avoid going outside ♪ There are a lot of things I haven't told you either. Can't we start again? ♪ I could avoid standing in line ♪ ♪ I could avoid the 405 ♪ ♪ I could avoid coming to life ♪ ♪ I could say anything I like ♪ ♪ I could switch off whenever I like ♪ ♪ I could sleep whenever I like ♪ ♪ I could leave In the middle of the night ♪ ♪ Oh, but I'd miss it ♪ ♪ Don't miss it ♪ ♪ Don't miss it ♪ ♪ Like I did ♪ ♪ And as it keeps going ♪ ♪ If there's no need For the perfect image ♪ ♪ And nothing seems that wrong ♪ ♪ Don't miss it ♪ ♪ When you know There's better conversation ♪ ♪ Waiting for you at home ♪ ♪ And as it keeps on going ♪ ♪ You forget whether It was the beginning or end ♪ ♪ When you can't believe... ♪ [Chiara] I can no longer pretend to be the perfect girl for you. [camera clicking] [woman] Try to relax your shoulders. [Chiara] And I'm certainly not the naive little girl that my parents see. I never realized I had to choose between living someone else's life or my own. And now I know. There are lots of things I haven't told you. All this time I have had a secret life. That I kept hidden from everyone. But I hope that one day you will want to look into my eyes for what I really am. And that we can go on from there. You and the real me. If you'll want to hear my truth. So, now it's up to you to choose. I heard about you and Fabio. What the fuck would you know? Did he tell you? I'll kill him. It doesn't matter who told me. Why don't you try being happy instead of ruining other people's lives? Listen, you're ruining your own life. Screw up again and I'll tell on you. [Sofia moaning on video] - Who's that, a colleague of yours? - She's a 16-year-old girl. Delete that video. [door slams] I'd like to know where I went wrong with you. Because I've always given you everything you wanted. Everything. Dad, I... I just wanted to make you happy. I know, I screwed up. But I promise you, I care about our family. And I'd do anything to protect it. All right. Come on, Roberto, he has understood. What? That he's an asshole, is that what he has understood? This project could have been a great opportunity for your sister. Do you realize, you've ruined everything? When you talk about protecting the family, think about that! What do you want? I've been thinking, Nico. I want to build a more grown-up relationship with you. No, listen, Virgi, I've been thinking as well. Maybe I just need some time to myself. I'm pregnant. I think. - What do you mean "think"? - I'm late. - Fine, it's the usual few days... - No. I'm very late. Have you done a test? Not yet. I bought one, but I'm scared to do it by myself. Don't worry. We'll do it together. [toilet flushes] It's positive. What's it like living here? Ludovica's not all that bad. If you're angry with me, I understand. It's just, before, I used to always know what to do. But now, I don't even recognize myself. I wish it could go back to being me, you and Chiara. It would be great. But she was the first to drift away. Or maybe it was us, not giving her a second chance. [Chiara] Thanks for what you said to Damiano. You saved me. [Ludovica] I told you he didn't hate you. Whereas I only get losers. I'm just no good with people. What happened with the stalker? Maybe you should go to the police. What if everything comes out? My mum, at the very least they'll close the shop on her. She'll end up in shit. And who knows where they'd send us. We wouldn't be able to see each other. No. That'll never happen. I'll get you out. [chuckles] I think we should go to Fiore's apartment. You'd feel safer there, as well. I'm worried I'd let myself be manipulated. I'll be there. I'd never let that happen. You're almost scaring me. How goddamn British am I? [Brando] Fabio. - How are you? - Get lost. [Brando] I know you're angry. No. No, you're wrong, I don't give a shit about you anymore. You're right. I'm a fucking monster. Please, tell me how I can make it up to you. Tell the truth. Be yourself. - You don't understand. - Yes, I do. No. My father, the others... Listen, I need someone who'll support me and defend me. Not someone who puts their fucking fears first. Just forget about it. Like nothing ever happened. [camera clicking] Have you got a girlfriend? It's none of my business. Has it ever happened that you thought you knew someone, but in reality they weren't how you thought they were? Of course. The closer you get to someone, the more important it is to know them well. And if you don't like what you find out? Look, Damiano, human beings are complicated. I need some advice, Dad. I'm happy to help. [cell phone beeps] ARE YOU TAKING THE PISS? Well? I HAD THE GUY FOLLOWING YOU FOLLOWED. THEY SAW HIM GO INTO YOUR HOUSE. I'm listening, Damiano, go ahead. It's nothing, never mind. TOBACCONIST Honey! [woman] Hi. Will we go? [Machete & Nitro's "Ken Shiro" playing over speakers] Hey, Brando, where the hell are you? You're the only one not here! Come on, relax. I've lost him. Anyway, you'll find him outside the embassy, he's heading back. Yes. Fiore went looking for that guy. Are you sure everything's okay? It's still you and me. Only safer, right? What about Brando? All sorted. [wheezing] [woman shouting] You did a good job with Ludovica. DELETE [pop music playing] 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 