Babylon: Season 1, Episode 4 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Babylon 
 s1e4 - Chase - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Babylon (2019–…): Season 1, Episode 4 - Chase - full transcript 
 The world had been plunged into a state of confusion after Itsuki makes his declaration. Seizaki urgently searches for Itsuki, but is confronted by the fact that Itsuki has not done ... 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 This is an update on the train status in the metropolitan region. Many lines have stopped due to fatal accidents. There are many sections that are not in operation. It is unknown when they will resume... AKASAKA AKASAKA GRAND HOTEL Twenty-four hours have elapsed since Kaika Itsuki's declaration. The number of suicides that have been reported throughout Japan has climbed to 237, which is four times the normal rate. So where is he? We still don't know the whereabouts of Kaika Itsuki or those who aided him. That video of Itsuki was just an online stream. Itsuki wasn't in the city hall building. His supporters at the site 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 had already disappeared by the time it happened. They're like religious fanatics. That's exactly what it is. Those people who jumped off the building are like religious disciples affected by Itsuki's words. Can we just write them off as religious fanatics? What do you mean, Sekuro? As stated in the report just now, Japan has one of the worst suicide rates in the world. If we don't take suicide seriously, the situation might get out of hand. Itsuki's manifesto isn't the problem. Our biggest problem is that the man who created that manifesto is out of our control now. Morinaga. Will you be able to arrest Itsuki? It depends on his next move. But, we have to try. KASUMIGASEKI MINISTRY OF JUSTICE 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Nomaru acts like it's easy. Maybe he thinks we're the police. We have the authority to investigate and command. He's not completely wrong. If we could use that authority out in the open, this wouldn't be so hard. YOSHIFUMI SEKURO VICE MINISTER OF JUSTICE Let's review what we know. As we all know, the Shiniki initiative is a huge project. Shiniki spans 600 square kilometers inhabited by 2 million residents. The project includes plans for development of all types of industries. But, Shiniki also has another purpose. A testing ground for a nation. The main purpose of Shiniki is to apply new laws. A large amount of labor power is being spent to accomplish that. In other words, Shiniki's biggest weapon is its laws and systems. Arresting Itsuki isn't going to solve everything. It's going to be difficult to show Itsuki did something illegal. That's it. Under the current laws of Japan, you cannot press charges against someone for legalizing suicide. Would Article 202 apply to the case of group suicide? ARTICLE 202 CRIMES IN AIDING SUICIDE, CONSENTED HOMICIDE We can't classify it as a contract murder or consensual homicide. No one pushed them off the building. No one was directly involved in their deaths. It might be possible to classify it as abetting or aiding suicide, - but it'd be difficult to demonstrate he aided the suicide. - Dead men tell no tales. CRIME OF ABETTING SUICIDE INSTIGATING SUICIDE The only possibility is proving that he abetted the suicide. Yes. If we find any e-mails or documents, we could pursue the case. I'm going to look for evidence that Itsuki encouraged those 64 people to commit suicide. Once we know the charges, we'll be able to issue a warrant publicly. Can you find him? I'll need help. I'll need as many full time-investigators as possible. From Special Investigations? Or the police? From both, if possible. They'll be here in two to three days. - Thank you. - My God. What a ridiculous situation. He made 64 people commit suicide and caused over 200 more to commit suicide after that. But, we still can't find any laws to get him with. Is it because the law is deficient? Or because...? Hey, Seizaki. Is suicide really a bad thing? How is the public reacting? The majority are against it, but... I SUPPORT IT 3.4% - Ninety thousand people? - I bet they're thinking about euthanasia. Euthanasia can be classified into passive euthanasia and active euthanasia. They're both considered suicide since they're conducted according to the will of the patient. Passive euthanasia is already practiced around the world as one form of end-of-life care. Many countries have legalized it. On the other hand, most countries don't officially allow active euthanasia yet. However, it has been discussed in recent years as one type of informed consent. What I'm trying to say is that I'd feel hesitant about it if Japan was the only one with that law, but since many other countries are already doing it, it lowers the barrier. But, Shiniki's suicide laws clearly go far beyond that. Is that why only 3 percent of the public supports it? - Do you think it's going to increase? - There's a good chance that'll happen. It all depends on Itsuki's next move. Next move? What do you think he'll do? In the original plan, the parliamentary election comes next. They were supposed to hold an election for the Shiniki parliament. Shiniki doesn't have a parliament yet. - Hello? - Seizaki. I'm sending you an assistant officer first. She's only 23, but she used to be a court assistant. She's particularly knowledgeable about law. What about the Shiniki initiative? I told her about it. Make good use of her. Thank you. Excuse me. I'm Public Prosecutor's Assistant Officer Hiasa Sekuro. I'm going to be your assistant officer starting today. Sekuro? He's the Vice Minister of Justice. Yoshifumi Sekuro is my uncle. I see. How do you write "Hiasa"? With the characters for sun and flax. I don't care even if you hate me or the Shiniki initiative. As long as you'll do the job of an assistant officer. If you can't, I'll replace you. No. I can do it. Understood. Is Asuma still sleeping? Sorry. Yeah. I'll call again. Sekuro. What are those? Casebooks for each law. I'm verifying the prosecution facts and the prosecution validity. Did you find any problems with the direction of Shiniki's laws? No. Shiniki has been given operational freedom that exceeds the laws of the local government. There's nothing wrong with their laws as of now. They must have prepared the laws carefully. What about the parliamentary election? Instituting a parliament is mandatory, but... Itsuki has no chance of winning if they hold an honest election. It'll probably be announced in private. I think they'll keep the announcement as quiet as possible-- We have breaking news. It's a story related to Shiniki. Just now, around 7 a.m., Kaika Itsuki, the mayor of Shiniki, posted a video online... I found the video. I'm Kaika Itsuki, the mayor of Shiniki. I'd like to say hello to all the residents of Shiniki, and everyone in Japan. Suicide law. A new regional law went into effect in Shiniki recently. The new law recognizes the right to death. It's called the suicide law. I can't believe he's issuing a statement in such a public way. - It's incomprehensible. - Suicide numbers have increased. I'm sure you all know that many people have committed suicide, prompting a discussion about the new law. I am aware that many people are opposed to the suicide law. The purpose of the law is to contribute to the happiness of the people. A law that no one wants cannot exist. If the people are opposed to it, then that law should be abolished. Well, how should we determine that? Our country's political system is a democracy. It's very simple. - You just have to count the numbers. - We have to think things through again. We should hold a vote - What do you mean? - in regards to the suicide law and ask the people. Twelve days from today, we're going to hold an election to select the representatives for Shiniki's parliament. This is just one possibility. But, maybe Itsuki thinks that the public really is going to approve of the suicide law. Hello. I'm Hanta, from the local news section of the Konichi newspaper. Public Prosecutor Seizaki, contact between public prosecutors and reporters is prohibited. I know. Did I do something wrong? No. Don't worry about it. Then let's begin. To begin with, they have a dangerous election system. Let's start from the top. Clause number one. It's already dangerous. There's two key points. First, the fact that the voting is done by local residents is normal. However, there's no requirement on period of residence. - That means... - Anyone can get the right to vote on the spot. Nonetheless, this is too simple. It's just as you said, Ms. Sekuro. This sentence is also lacking another part that's supposed to be in the clause. - An age limit. - That's right. Even babies can vote in Shiniki's parliamentary election. If they vote online, then the parents can vote twice. That means that anything can happen with the children's votes. And the second clause. Anyone with the right to vote. In other words, even children can run for election. I can only think that they weren't seeking control to begin with. And the last clause. Honestly, this is the creepiest one. I think it means exactly what it says. They want to make every candidate declare their stance on the suicide law and make it the focus of the election. Even though only 3 percent of the public supports it? If they make that the focus of the election, then the election results are obvious. The purpose of that clause is to aid the candidates. What do you mean? Itsuki doesn't have a political party. However, according to these laws, the candidates will be split into those who support or oppose the suicide law. In other words, the supporters would become part of Itsuki's faction. But, even if they were able to have a candidate run, it would be pointless if the candidate couldn't win. KASUMIGASEKI POLICE DEPARTMENT MAIN HEADQUARTERS I'm the director of Investigation Unit 1, Torao. I'm Seizaki, a public prosecutor from the Special Investigations Team. How much have they told you? They said they're building a special team for investigating the Shiniki incident. The investigation team is going to focus on Kaika Itsuki, the mayor of Shiniki, in particular. - How much have you heard about the Shiniki initiative? - The Shiniki initiative? Then first, let's share information. So you're saying that this investigation team is going to be behind the scenes too. This is going to be tough for both of us. Yeah. What kind of team do you want to put together? Please choose people who can work at the scene. And can you get someone who's not from headquarters? - No problem. - Get one person, please. And get someone from the Sixth. Six? Yes. SEXUAL CRIME INVESTIGATIONS AKASAKA RESTAURANT KINGETSU How's Hiasa? She's extremely smart. She's the best out of all the assistant officers I've worked with until now. But, unfortunately, she doesn't like me. Sorry. She can be a perfectionist. It's not her fault. That's right. We just brought her here. How's it going with Itsuki? Is it going to be difficult to get him? Yes. Kaika Itsuki has gone through all the correct procedures. He's been acting in a way that makes it hard for us to arrest him or sue him. Where is he? We still don't know. The fact that we don't know how to charge him is hampering the investigation. We're falling behind. Everything's been going according to his plan. Even his announcement of the election law yesterday. But... that election law shows his most vulgar taste. That young rascal is trying to go up against me using politics. You're the one who made him into a politician, right? He's a strong opponent. Itsuki certainly had the passion to get the people involved. But, he's gone too far with the suicide law. He overturned the enthusiasm that he built up during the election when he announced the suicide law. He doesn't understand how fickle public sentiment is and it shows just how young he is. Tomorrow, I'm going to announce that I'm running for the parliamentary election. You want to beat Itsuki in the election? Elections are home territory for us. Itsuki's chance of winning is less than one in 10,000. We will regain control over Shiniki. Of course, I want you to continue investigating Itsuki. Politics and the law. If we corner him from both sides, he won't be able to get away. I don't understand politics. I'll leave that to you. Politics isn't difficult, Seizaki. The meaning of politics is to unify the wills of different people. Is something wrong? No. I just feel weird saying your name because it's the same as the vice minister. Please get used to it. Public Prosecutor Seizaki. What's wrong? Someone posted a video related to the parliamentary election. The person who posted it is just a normal boy. But, the video went viral online because of how shocking it is. My name is Taiyo. My father is trying to commit suicide, in accordance with the suicide law announced in Shiniki. I told my father that I didn't want him to do it. But... even when it's about suicide, he won't listen to me. People of the nation... please save my father. WATCH AGAIN Hello. - Thanks for coming all this way. - Enough with the flattery. The headquarters summoned me. I couldn't say no. You could have said no. You knew it was me who summoned you, right? Nothing's going to happen later even if you say no. I know. That's why I came. I know you don't have a lot of friends. But, maybe I shouldn't have been worried. - You've got a beautiful woman with you. - I'm Sekuro, the public prosecutor's assistant officer. She's five times more useful than Fumio. No. Ten times. Well, that depends on how valuable Fumio is. Has everyone told you already? Mr. Torao already explained. The goal of the special investigation team is to arrest Kaika Itsuki, the mayor of Shiniki. In order to accomplish that, there are two key things. The first is to find where Itsuki went. The second is to clarify the charges against Itsuki. We're going to divide into two teams: The investigation team and the criminal charges team. Since the Special Investigations Office is helping, does that mean a warrant will be issued soon? I've already prepared it. Oh, well, thanks. As for the criminal charges against Itsuki, the first one that comes to mind is abetment of suicide. As for the 64 people who jumped off Shiniki City Hall, I want you to find proof that Itsuki drove them to commit suicide, or directed them to do so. I know we don't have enough manpower or time, but please do your best. Yes. And you, Lieutenant Tsutsui from Section 6. I want you to investigate this woman. You're saying they're the same woman? If what you're saying is true, then she must be a really dangerous woman. What was her name? Ai Magase. TEN DAYS UNTIL THE ELECTION Regarding the investigation on Itsuki, We've been questioning people in Shiniki and examining security camera footage. But, we still haven't been able to find him. 9 DAYS UNTIL THE ELECTION - We'll widen the search area and keep trying. - Next, the criminal charges team. We examined the online activity of the 64 people who jumped from the city hall. But, we haven't found any evidence that they made contact with Itsuki. We found one thing that over 80 percent of the suicide victims had in common. The red dots show the victims' addresses. Eighty percent of the victims were residents of Shiniki. The addresses were within a 20 kilometer radius of city hall. If it wasn't abetment, it would be unlikely to find 60 people nearby who wanted to commit suicide. There's no doubt that it was abetment. But, we can't find any proof. Can you find out what the 64 victims were doing right before the suicide? We know for a few of them. Do you want to know about everyone? As much as possible. On October 6, until 2:30 p.m. when they showed up on the roof of city hall. I want you to find out what they were doing in detail. I see. Maybe the 64 victims gathered somewhere right before they committed suicide. If we could find evidence that Itsuki made contact with them there... Our strategy remains the same. I want you to continue the investigation. Everyone. Please make the best use of the time that's left. - All right. That's it for today. - Yes, sir. This is Tsutsui. Did you uncover anything? Yes. A few things. First, about his family. Everyone who was living at his family home in Tochigi has passed away already. His parents and grandparents have all passed away. And I heard from his school that there was an incident when he was in middle school. An incident? There was some trouble between him and one of his classmates. He went to the hospital frequently for a while. What do you think? Do you want me to dig into this? I'll take care of it on my side. Tsutsui, try to find out where he is now. Roger that. Public Prosecutor Seizaki, what's that? Some bad data. AI MAGASE The story, names, characters, places, locations, and laws in this work are fictitious. No identification with actual ideas or beliefs is intended. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 