Babylon: Season 1, Episode 11 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Babylon 
 s1e11 - The Curtain Rises - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Babylon (2019–…): Season 1, Episode 11 - The Curtain Rises - full transcript 
 First ever Suicide summit begin and on the other side of world The leader of 7 Different Country gather to discuss what is good & evil? 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 The story, names, characters, places, locations, and laws in this work are fictitious. No identification with actual ideas or beliefs is intended. Content may contain elements not suitable for minor audiences. Viewer discretion is advised. The G7 Summit will begin at 1 p.m. today at the special venue on Ellis Island in Upper New York Bay. As the world trembles with the suicide law, these seven leaders will choose the direction our world will take. What will they choose? Will they agree to the suicide law, or reject it? Three countries have not yet stated their position: America, Japan, and Germany. The key is held by the United States of America, 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 the host country and the Thinker. Starting at 9 p.m. New York time... What is your opinion on the Shiniki Suicide Summit? The fact that it coincides with the other summit means that Itsuki is up to something. However, the person you should watch out for is that woman, Ai Magase. What are the seven leaders going to decide? In the Bible, the Book of Revelation describes a beast with seven heads. The beast in the Book of Revelation represents seven kings. Upon the beast sat a woman. The woman was drunk with the blood of the saints. In the end, the Lord will burn her with fire and pass judgment on her. Her name is the Whore of Babylon. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 First, why don't we have each country state its position? EUROPEAN COMMISSION PRESIDENT GILLET HACKIN Let's hear your arguments for and against the suicide law. - First-- - I'll go first. All right, Prime Minister Carrey. Begin. Canada's mentality puts us in agreement with the suicide law. PRIME MINISTER OF CANADA DAN CARREY Canada has continued to enact progressive policies in regards to homosexuality. Changes to our awareness about sexuality constitute progress for humankind. People have the freedom and the right to make decisions regarding their own sexuality, regardless of biological constraints. In other words, are you trying to say that our lifespan is also another constraint? That's right. Being able to choose when you die is an escape from the physical constraint imposed by our lifespans. In that case, we should accept it as a difference in values. Canada's conclusion depends on the assumption that only a minority of the people would commit suicide. You haven't even considered the possibility that the majority would commit suicide. This is different from homosexuality. If more people commit suicide, the nation will collapse someday. The number of citizens would keep decreasing. Listen, the leader of a nation has to think 50 years or 100 years into the future. I will now state France's position on the law. We cannot accept the suicide law. If there's a possibility that the law would have a negative effect on society, then we must eliminate it. I see. Apparently, the president of France thinks about politics in terms of costs and benefits. Are you licking your lips thinking how much of a profit you can make from the suicide law in Italy? I did use to be a businessman. The ideology held by both me and Italy is clear. Accepting or rejecting the suicide law is not something for the government to decide. Do you mean you're neutral? I'm giving them the freedom to do whatever they want. If it's a good thing, it'll spread. If it's a bad thing, it'll disappear. If the suicide law brings benefits, then it's a good thing. Blind faith in liberalism. Well, I think it gives better results than democracy. That's why the current laws in Germany are completely incomprehensible to me. As I recall, suicide isn't illegal, but assisting suicide in the course of one's job is punishable. Right? That's a double standard. You're right, Cannavaro. It has been difficult for my country to develop clear policies regarding assisted suicide and the right to die. So you're admitting it? However, I will reach a conclusion here today. The Federal Republic of Germany recognizes the right to commit suicide. Chancellor Herrigel. Are you crazy? If we reject the suicide law here today, then we will not be able to give it sufficient consideration. Germany supports the suicide law now so that we may defer our decision on the matter while investigating further. How deplorable. UK PRIME MINISTER FLORA LOWE Are you all really the leaders of an entire country? Those with power have the responsibility to serve as role models for society. Noblesse oblige, the obligations of the nobility. The people learn what is right by watching our actions. We must teach them what's important, and what humankind must never forget. And what is that? That death is a thing to be mourned. In the name of Her Majesty the Queen, the United Kingdom will never approve of the suicide law. Even if it means we must break off the partnerships we've formed with the countries here today. I see. Are you saying that the U.K. is going to go to war against the countries that have adopted the suicide law? Stop. Stop. Please, calm down. JAPAN PRIME MINISTER TOSHIO FUKUZAWA We cannot let the suicide law destroy the friendships we've built between our countries. Not to speak of war. I'm being calm. You're the one who's getting hysterical over the word "war," Prime Minister Fukuzawa. Are you allergic to war again? You know where this all started in the first place, right? This all started in Shiniki, a local government body in my country. The government of Japan feels great responsibility for the matter. You're all words and no action. So? Does the government of Japan approve of the suicide law or reject it? The government of Japan will not decide whether the suicide law is right or wrong. Japan promises to adhere to the decision made at this summit regarding the suicide law. You're dumping the work on everyone else? Don't you have your own opinions? I have one condition though. A condition? My condition is... unanimous agreement. My condition is that the decision reached at this summit should be a shared decision made by all participants. The suicide law must not become a cause for conflict. So that's how badly you hate war? You're insane. No. True madness comes from the mentality that heads towards war. We left you for last on purpose. You're done thinking now, right? Sorry. I'm not done. I'll explain my policy now. Where to begin... The other day, my pastor was talking to me about the Ten Commandments. It was quite interesting. He said that the Ten Commandments can be condensed down into two: "Thou shalt love the Lord," and "Thou shalt love thy neighbor." Now, I want to talk to you all about something other than the suicide law in order to find the answer regarding the suicide law. What are you trying to say? Well, we should talk about something more simple, more fundamental. In order to judge whether the suicide law is right or wrong? That's right. I've been thinking about whether the suicide law is right or wrong for a long time, but I still don't have an answer. Then I realized something. No wonder I can't decide whether the suicide law is right or wrong. I don't know what good and evil is in the first place. In other words, the topic I want to discuss with you at this summit is the question of what good and evil are. Alex, are you trying to make a fool out of me, or are you a fool of yourself? You want us to decide what's good and what's evil? It's not that easy to judge what's good and what's evil. It's okay. We're the leaders of our countries. In the near future, our world might consist of a single country. Before that day comes, we must find a universal standard which we can use to persuade everyone around the world. That's right, a standard for good and evil. All right. Let's talk. Hey. Flora. If we are able to come to an understanding of what good and evil are here today, then this summit will prove to be much more valuable than it usually is, when we just agree that we're concerned about the current situation. I see. If we're going to talk about a universal standard for what good and evil are, the borders between our countries don't matter. You're right. The question of good and evil is an issue that rivals that of suicide. The answer to that question has an enormous value in the market. It's gotten into all of you. All right then, I'll teach you that there is no answer to what good and evil are. I never knew that summits could be so much fun. So we've come to an unanimous agreement? This could take a while. Good and evil are opposing concepts. It's going to be difficult to think about them simultaneously. Is that so? Maybe that's just what you're assuming. Maybe good and evil are parallel to each other. The law is based on good. There are no laws that are based on evil. It'd be appropriate to start with "good" when considering the law. Well then, what is "good"? In the dictionary, "good" is defined as anything that is considered morally correct. Aren't morals a social norm? Do you mean that they're created within a society? If no one existed except for yourself, then neither good nor evil would exist. That's not true. Even if there were only one person in this world, good and evil would clearly exist. For example, being pure, being virtuous. Are you saying that the sense of pride in being human is "good"? Flora, those things are also just manifestations of sociability. "Good" for the purpose of showing God. You're right. The foundations of our moral code are based on the feeling that God is watching us. In Japan, we have a saying that says, "You will be punished by heaven." Is "good" something that exists only for humans in the first place? If the manifestation of good and evil is due to the group, then good and evil might exist for animals that live in groups as well, like elephants and monkeys. Do you really think that elephants are aware of evil, sin, and guilt? Maybe that's just what we outsiders think. Right. That's it, Luca. What? In other words, good and evil are nothing but what humans named them after the fact. First, I want to express my gratitude for being here today. G7 SUMMIT EMERGENCY RESPONSE ROOM As the mayor of Shiniki, I warmly welcome all of you who've gathered here in Shiniki from around the world. - Today... - The opening was quite normal. But we can't let our guard down. I have no idea what he's going to do, and when. -- we will head towards a wonderful future together. As you all know, two months ago... There are as many standards for good and evil as there are regions, races and cultures around the world. Searching for "good" is equivalent to searching for something in common between all of them. Let's see... I want to think about the reason why that common characteristic came about. Right. I think there's three reasons. The first is natural succession. The morals that were formed within the first community of humans continued to be passed down through generations as the human race spread. Those morals would have changed as they were passed down, but common characteristics would still remain. The second reason is exchange and cultivation. Exchange between civilized societies resulted in a selection of better and better things. The things that survived this process are recognized as the best and are adopted within different regions around the world. They turn into something in common. The third reason is that humankind has always had a universal concept of morality in the first place. The standard for good and evil is inherent within humans. This part is what forms that common characteristic. That's impossible. Are you saying that babies know what good and evil are from the moment they're born? But isn't it possible from a biological standpoint? For example, most cultures consider murder to be evil. This set of morals is aligned with the genetic tendency to feel aversion to killing a member of one's own species. Then that means that we can say that animal instinct can manifest as morality. It's not as simple as saying we're just like beasts that don't engage in cannibalism. Morality is much more complex. A concept of "good" that is common around the world. What is a universally good deed? Someone mentioned it a moment ago, murder is widely considered to be evil. Then isn't the opposite concept, which is helping people, a good deed? I see. It's easier to come up with a good deed when you imagine an evil deed. For example, not telling a lie, being honest. Isn't being fair considered good as well? Just like eliminating the gap between the rich and the poor can be considered good, striving for fairness is also something that's universal. But humans also have the desire to be among the winners. I don't consider self-interest to be evil. The pursuit of individual happiness is certainly good. We recognize this as a basic human right. Alex, do you have any opinions? Well... the idea that good arises from sociability or the existence of the group is an interesting hypothesis. However... Are you saying that's wrong? It's hard to explain, but I think that "good" is something that's more all-encompassing. Something that applies to the individual and to the group equally. While the individual's good and the group's good both exist, it benefits both of them. I think "good" is a convenient concept like that. That would be convenient, if something like that really did exist. That's right. Everyone, have you heard of the trolley problem? You are standing next to the lever for switching the tracks. A trolley with a broken brake is barreling down the tracks toward the switch point. If you don't do anything, five workers working on the track are going to die. But if you switch the lever, then one worker working on the other track is going to die. Should you pull the lever or not? Simply put, you would make the decision that would save the greater number of people. So you're sure that numbers affect your decision of what's good? Then what about the survival lottery? The survival lottery? Imagine we have a fair lottery. We select one healthy individual. We kill that individual, extract their organs, and distribute their organs to five people in need of transplants. Then one person will have died, while five people will have been saved. What about this act? That's outrageous. That's murder. But the fact that you're choosing between the lives of one individual or five is the same as in the trolley problem. We feel that the death of one person is unavoidable when responding to an accident, but choosing one person with clear intent and killing them feels sinful. In other words, the intent and the method both affect our judgment of good and evil, not the number. That's right. The trolley problem and the survival lottery are both talking about the same thing. They're both trying to let someone live. Living and letting someone live. In other words, if living is nearer to the foundation, then that means the feeling of aversion towards the suicide law is correct. As a result, when thinking about the trolley problem... In suicide, someone dies. We are in conflict between living and dying. I'm so close. Let's see. Does that mean that the thing we should be thinking about right now, the thing that's at the root of good and evil, is the meaning of life? Alex! What? President. Greetings to all the leaders participating in the summit in Upper New York Bay. This is Kaika Itsuki, the mayor of Shiniki. I apologize for the brief greeting. Itsuki called on us two minutes ago. Called? He said he had something to say to the participants in this summit. He's broadcasting over the general airwaves. Media companies around the world are broadcasting him. Today, the first suicide summit was held here in Shiniki. We had a fruitful discussion, but something even more important also happened. Residents supporting the suicide law have gathered here at the venue for the summit, the new city hall. Over 100 thousand people have gathered around city hall. Of course, there are some among them who wish to commit suicide. Is he planning to broadcast a group suicide? This goes far beyond those 60 people two months ago. One of these people who wants to commit suicide wishes to do it by jumping off of a building rather than by taking a drug. We have opened up the roof' of city hall to that person, and are allowing that person to jump off the roof of city hall. However, there is one problem. A problem? That person is unsure whether they should die or live. That's the only problem, and the biggest problem. People who want to die should be allowed to kill themselves, but if that person actually doesn't want to die, then they shouldn't die. They shouldn't commit suicide. She spoke with a counselor in Shiniki, but was unable to make up her mind. She must be suspicious. She thinks that the people of Shiniki are going to recommend that she commits suicide. That's why it'd be useless even if I, the mayor of Shiniki, tried to talk to her. She's on the roof of city hall right now, unable to choose whether she's going to live or die. As the mayor of Shiniki, I would like to make an official request. I request that Alexander W. Wood, the president of the United States of America, talks to her. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 