Babylon: Season 1, Episode 10 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Babylon 
 s1e10 - Decision - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Babylon (2019–…): Season 1, Episode 10 - Decision - full transcript 
 Hardy and Seizaki listens to a mysterious phone call at a hospice and they get involved into an awful situation with a young girl, mean while the suicide law continues to spread across the world. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 The story, names, characters, places, locations, and laws in this work are fictitious. No identification with actual ideas or beliefs is intended. The call was made from Germany. Germany? We're hurrying to pinpoint the exact location. Is Magase in Germany? HEIDELBERG/BOLOGNA SUICIDE LAW ADOPTED - I knew it. - Two cities announced it at the same time? It's the G6. It started in Japan, and spread to Canada, France, the U.S., and now Germany and Italy. Let's contact the British Embassy. Even if we're too late. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 GERMANY GERMAN CHANCELLERY We, the citizens of Germany, follow the policies of our country, comply with its rules, CHANCELLOR OF GERMANY OTTO HERRIGEL and believe that it is right to live in a manner that contributes to the public order. But, personally, I believe that Heidelberg's policy is worth considering. So are you adopting a position in favor of the suicide law, chancellor? No. But there is some truth to the suicide law's implication that morality and the law can change. Things that were right in the past may not necessarily be right in the future. Is suicide really a good thing? Maybe. There's not enough time to find the answer. That's the problem. I wish I could tell you to take your time thinking about it, 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 but we'll need to make a statement regarding the law at the summit one week later. You're right. So the U.S. is still deferring its decision. President. We're at a turning point right now. Changes in our value systems are about to result in the creation of new societal norms. Then the people of Germany must decide for themselves. Not the government, and not the private sector. If that decision represents a step forward towards a better future, then we won't be afraid to choose to adopt the suicide law. Did Flores really change his mind just because of that voice? I'm sure of it. But I heard the voice too, and nothing happened to me. Who's that? I haven't seen you for a while, even though we're neighbors. I'm so ashamed of myself. I skipped another meeting to come here. It happened at the funeral for the students who committed mass suicide in Denver the other day. I still didn't know the words to say to stop someone considering suicide. Are you trying to prepare to fight against suicide? I don't even know if I should fight against it in the first place. It's going to take some time. That can't be helped. It's a hard problem. I did some research into what the Bible says. I believe that it never says that suicide is a sin. I couldn't find anything that says God intends to punish those who commit suicide. You've done a lot of research. There's only one related sentence in the Ten Commandments from God: "Thou shalt not kill." The rejection of suicide is nothing more than a broad interpretation of this sentence. Wait! If we want to go to heaven in the Last Judgment, we must follow the Ten Commandments. However, the Ten Commandments are nothing more than a broad interpretation of two rules. "Thou shalt love thy Lord," and-- "Thou shalt love thy neighbor." If "Thou shalt love thy neighbor" takes precedence over "Thou shalt not kill," then killing someone for the purpose of loving your neighbor... In other words, does that mean that the Ten Commandments support committing suicide out of love for someone else? You there! It's dangerous over there! Come back! It's okay. I'm fine. Hurry! Come over here! I'm going to go to my mom's side. No! Why? The authorities said it was okay. Wait! God is the one who judges whether suicide is right or wrong. However, president, there's one piece of truth I want to tell you. God loves humankind. His love is infinite. When you die, it's over. You're right. My memory isn't too clear on this matter, but I think the moment I decided to adopt the suicide law was right after this call. Do you remember your impression of that woman? No. I don't remember. I see. Mayor, the girl who gave you the bouquet at the hospice jumped into the river today. I heard about it. It's unfortunate. The suicide law hasn't even been adopted officially yet. What? What do you mean? It's exactly what it sounds like. What did you say to her? The authorities said it was okay. When I was about to leave the facility, she asked me: "What am I supposed to do after my mother dies?" That's why I told her this: "Death is not something to be afraid of. You must accept it." You said that to a little kid? How could you say something so cruel to a kid whose mother had collapsed? Cruel? Maybe that's what you think. But I'm sure it saved her from her despair. She made a choice. By choosing death, she restored peace within her heart, and departed us to be with her mother. Do you oppose her choice? Her will? I don't understand. It was like talking to someone from a faraway land who speaks a totally different language. You're not wrong. Do you understand what he said? Well, just think calmly about it. People aren't going to do it just because the government says they're going to allow it. Saying, "They adopted the suicide law. I'm going to go die now," PRESIDENT OF ITALY LUCIANO CANNAVARO isn't what I'd call a calm decision. A normal person who weighs the pros against the cons wouldn't choose to commit suicide. It's a simple calculation. If a few players from the worst team in the league commit suicide, then they're never going to be able to beat Milan, since they can't even beat them now. I'm sure the people are capable of imagining something that simple-- That press conference was horrible. Claiming that market forces always lead to the appropriate state is so typical of that economist, Cannavaro. What about the president? I think he's still thinking about it. But we're almost out of time. You're right. But if we cut back on the summit to only the main session, we can make some time. I'm sure that would make the president happy. Just like a kid who was given more time to play. In any era, the kids are the ones who are right. The president is going to find the thing that we are unable to see. Where's Oliver? He hasn't come back yet. He's playing basketball. He's even busier than the president. It looks like things aren't going well. With you. Your thinking is stuck, right? That's right. I'm stuck. It can't be helped. You're bad at thinking about things. Well, yeah. I still can't see it clearly. Maybe I don't have enough information, or-- No. Why did you do that just now? I was told to do so. By God. Alex, let me tell you something. In this world, we never have all the information. In reality, we always have not enough, or too much. You'll have to keep putting one foot in front of the other even when you have too much or too little, and you can't decide. But it'll be fine. You'll be fine. God gave you something that's very good. What is that? It's your intuition. Things that catch your eye. Things that make you curious about how they feel. Things that send a shiver down your spine. Things that make your balls shrink. You just have to search for those things. If you're next to one, then pick it up. You don't have to worry about the time. Keep searching until you're satisfied. Keep thinking as much as you want. That's what your job is. That's what you're in charge of. That's the role that only you can play. That's-- Are you sure that's all I have to do? Yes. If there's a problem, then Taylor and Edmund will take care of it. I, Oliver, and the people of the United States will all help you. Because you're the president. I'm very happy to hear that. I see. Then... Sorry for the short notice. No. No problem. Do you like dark-colored suits? Don't you have any other colors? I don't have any with me right now. I just arrived here recently. Zen Seizaki. Does "Zen" refer to meditation? Like Zen Buddhism? It's not the same "Zen." It means "good" in English. It means "good." As in, "good and evil." "Zen." What a wonderful name. Thank you. Mom! This is Zen Seizaki. He's from the FBI. The FBI? What did you want to say? You called for me, right? It can wait until later. Excuse me. Do you like kids? I heard about what happened in Hartford. It's unfortunate what happened to the girl. So Flores was being controlled? By Ai Magase? Yes. "Ai." You already told me what "Zen" means. What does "Ai" mean? "Ai" is "love." Well, what can I say? What an ironic name. President, did you call me here to learn more about Ai Magase? No. I'll leave that up to you. I want you and Bradham to find the best way to deal with this situation. - Well, then? - Yes. Well, I think that what I wanted to talk to you about is suicide. That's... I've been thinking about suicide for these past few weeks. I'm still thinking about it now. I'm sorry if I end up touching old wounds in your heart. Zen, I think you've experienced more death than anyone else in the world recently. You're the person who's had the closest look at a world where the suicide law exists. That's why I wanted to ask you about suicide. About the death of a person. How do you feel about it? So that I can judge whether the suicide law is right or wrong. I was lying. Lying? About what? I told Bradham that I wanted to become an official investigator and catch Magase. But that's not true. There's another reason I wanted to become an investigator. What was that? I'd be issued a gun. Are you trying to kill Ai Magase? Yes. Are you trying to get revenge? For your friends who died? Who were killed? I had a subordinate. He was a young man. The first time I met him, I remember thinking to myself that he wouldn't last long in the prosecutor's office. But my predictions were wrong. He had a lot of pride in his work and had big dreams. I was looking forward to his future. But he hung himself soon afterward. I had a friend. He was an easygoing man. He was a detective, but not the type who always thinks he's right. He wasn't that serious about work. He knew what he was capable of doing, and what he wasn't. He did what he could handle without pushing himself too far. He was a righteous and easygoing person. I always depended on his easygoing approach to life. He shot himself in the head. And about her-- I can't even explain it well myself. She was my subordinate. But I think I had other feelings for her too. Not romantic feelings. I probably-- Right. I looked up to her. She was a woman who lived by the principle of upholding justice. She believed in justice from the bottom of her heart, and tried to embody justice herself. I thought that upholding justice meant keeping her pure. She was chopped to pieces while still alive. I won't deny trying to get revenge. I hate her. I despise her. But there's something else I'm also sure of. That woman is an evil person. I have to kill her. For the world, and for other people. I have to end her life. If I don't, then people are going to keep dying. So I'm going to kill that woman. Is that the right thing to do? In the past, I've said this to my subordinate: "Keep thinking about what justice is, and what it means to be right." Do you have a family? I have a wife and a son. Are they in Tokyo now? I asked a friend I trust to look after them. Do you have any pictures? He looks just like a girl. He's so cute. - How old is he? - He's 7. Your wife looks so cheerful. And innocent. Her cheerfulness has saved me many times. It's not only my mood. Even when it comes to clothes, I always end up getting something black if I choose it myself. If you kill Magase, you can't go back anymore. Don't you want to go back? I asked a friend I trust to take care of them. I see. Investigator from the Federal Bureau of Investigation, Zen Seizaki. I appoint you as an official investigator. Once the application procedures are done, you will be issued a gun as part of your official set of equipment. Investigator Seizaki. Yes? The power of the president of the United States is immense. What I'm trying to say is that from now on, you're not allowed to respond to my orders with anything other than "yes, sir." Understood? Yes, sir. I'm about to give you an order now, Investigator Seizaki. You must go back to your family, no matter what. No matter what you do, and no matter what it takes. And as for the gun I'm going to give you, I want you to use it to do the right thing. Yes, sir. The press conference is starting! The preparations are ready. I apologize for summoning you late at night. Thank you for coming to this press conference on short notice. Thirty minutes ago, the city of Southampton in the U.K. announced the adoption of the suicide law. As a result, there are now seven cities in the world that have adopted the suicide law. Following my announcement of our adoption of the suicide law two months ago, 1.5 million people in six cities have been given the freedom to commit suicide. The world has started to set off down a path of its own will. - He's crazy. - The world is going through a revolution. I must not let myself be afraid of progress either. We must go hand in hand and steer the revolution towards success. I am going to organize the first meeting gathering the leaders of cities that have adopted the suicide law. Suicide law cities? A meeting among the leaders? The date will be four days from now. The location is here in Shiniki. I want to invite the leaders of the six cities that have adopted the suicide law. Let's gather together and engage in a candid discussion about the law. When we're alone, there's a limit to what we can accomplish. But we can work together. We need the wisdom and the power of people from all around the world. I hope you will participate in this general debate regarding suicide, the Suicide Summit. He's trying to compete with our summit. President. I see. I see. I see. I didn't need to think about whether suicide is right or wrong. They'll think about it instead. It's just like he said. We'll work together. We have other things to think about. Now I can finally get started. All right, Taylor. It's time for the summit! 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 