Babylon: Season 1, Episode 3 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Babylon 
 s1e3 - Revolution - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Babylon (2019–…): Season 1, Episode 3 - Revolution - full transcript 
 Nomaru, the secretary general of the Liberal Justice Party, reveals the real purpose of the Shiniki initiative. Seizaki is shocked to learn that Nomaru has connections with the public ... 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Can you explain what's going on, sir? That's why I invited him. You've sure done your research. I'm impressed. You're like the Special Investigations Office's right-hand man. You look like you're going to bite me if I don't explain soon. The Shiniki initiative. On the surface, it looks like an economic development zone. However, it also has another purpose, which hasn't been announced yet to the people. Purpose? I had asked Doctor Inaba, who was chosen from among the members of the Japan Doctors League, to work on the problem of drug lag. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 The delay in getting new drugs approved is an urgent problem that our country must tackle. If there are delays in approving cutting-edge treatments, patients could end up dying. I asked the Tokyo Construction Contractors Federation to design a plan for relaxing restrictions on construction. I asked the Tokyo Trade Union Confederation to cooperate on the new Labor Standards Act. In other words, these groups are voting constituencies and they're also the ones who are actually going to build Shiniki. Did you understand everything I just said, Public Prosecutor Seizaki? Build Shiniki? What are you trying to do with Shiniki? I'm trying to do everything that's not possible to do with Japan. Shiniki is a special administrative zone for testing out new laws. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 In other words, it's a testing ground for nations. A testing ground for nations? You want to become the first mayor so that you can carry out that plan? No. The first mayor is going to be... Kaika Itsuki. Itsuki? The five main candidates in this election manage the voting contingencies. We can completely control the results. Why are you making Itsuki the mayor and not yourself? What we're about to do in Shiniki will be revolutionary. We need a strong leader who can capture the peoples' hearts. Itsuki, the youngest one among the candidates, is going to win the election dramatically and become a politician for the new generation. Is that your plan? That's right. This is the entire picture for the Shiniki initiative. Did you... Did you all... murder a human... just to achieve your plan!? Unaffiliated candidate Kaika Itsuki won the election deciding the first mayor of Shiniki, a city that is going to be established in the western part of Tokyo. Itsuki is the youngest candidate at only 30 years old. The new mayor is very young. After the election-- That's not true. Seizaki. We weren't involved in the deaths of Fumio and Professor Inaba. Do you think I'll believe in such an excuse?! It's the truth. Think about it. I could have stopped this investigation anytime. Why would I kill one of the investigators myself? It'd only spread suspicion. First and foremost, I'd never kill Fumio. First, in regards to Inaba's suicide. It struck us out of nowhere. That's why we put you in charge of the investigation. But now it happened to Fumio. We want to know the truth too, as you do. Seizaki. Would you please continue the investigation? Are you telling me to continue the investigation while ignoring organized crime, which is our main job? You're crazy. I'll let you make the decision. However, Mr. Nomaru and I and everyone else involved are all acting with the belief that the Shiniki initiative is just. I won't force you. If you don't agree, then you can fight against me. However, I won't go easy on you. Public Prosecutor Seizaki. ATSUHIKO FUMIO Think hard and well. Public prosecutors are allies of justice. Justice. Have you decided? No. I don't agree with you regarding the recent chain of events. Actually, I'm angry at myself for not being able to stop you, and for not being able to prosecute the crime that's happening right in front of me. However, the person who killed Fumio is out there somewhere. And it's an indisputable fact that the person who did it is evil. So... I'm going to continue investigating the case involving Fumio and Inaba. - I see. - I'll be going now. Hey, Seizaki. What are you going to do after you catch them? I'm going to think about that when it happens, about whether what you're doing is right or wrong... and what justice truly means. A testing ground for a nation? What a big story. You can pretend you didn't hear it. I'll just leave things the way they are and say I heard it. When things get bad, l trust you'd cover for me. We're going to continue investigating the two suicides for now. I'm going to find the person who did it. Yeah, but... I'm not so sure anymore. - What is it? - In other words, Inaba was trying to make it legal to use unapproved drugs as soon as possible by utilizing the new legal system in Shiniki, right? - Yeah. - Isn't that, you know... a good thing? I was actually still considering the possibility that Inaba's death was a suicide. Not Mr. Fumio, though. I had two hypotheses. First, is that Inaba committed suicide because he couldn't tolerate doing the bad things Nomaru asked him. The other one is that Inaba was killed by Nomaru to stop him from talking. But now, both of those hypotheses are gone. We have to look into Inaba more closely. - I'll continue investigating him. - Okay. I'm going to retrace Fumio's footsteps again. By the way, how was Kaika Itsuki? You met him the day before yesterday, right? He's a man without any flaws. To the point that it seems fishy. First and foremost, I would like to express my appreciation for everyone here today. Even though I'm still just a novice in the world of politics, you chose me to be the first mayor. I am deeply honored. Are these people all involved in the underground Shiniki initiative? That's right. I know you don't want to be involved in this, but Mr. Nomaru wanted us to attend the promoters' meeting. Stay with me for a bit. He's even younger than you. Are you saying that youth is what makes a man popular with the people? Yeah. But the most important thing is aura. Technically speaking, you don't have to know anything about politics. A mayor's job is to fill the people with hope. He's a liar who can take on two million people? Mr. Nomaru. It's almost time, Itsuki. Thank you. I haven't seen you for a long time, Mr. Morinaga. Oh, who's this? This is Seizaki from the Tokyo Public Prosecutors Office, Special Investigations. Oh, you're a public prosecutor? A job for making sure justice is served. The policies we're pursuing for Shiniki will benefit the human race and are just. Our policies will be accepted in the near future. History will prove that we were right. Public Prosecutor Seizaki. Please lend us your hand until that day comes. It's not an error. Then does that mean Fumio actually went there? Yeah. I validated it, so I'm sure. And we can also derive his behavioral patterns to some extent. Really? - What do you think? - I can see it. There it is. Let's see... At 12:14 a.m., he entered from the street through the entrance. He stopped once, and then he started moving again. Maybe he rode an elevator. His altitude changed. Do you know what floor he got off on? There's going to be some measurement error. But if he was moving upward without stopping, he would have arrived at the 6th or 7th floor. Then he went to the apartment at the end. Mr. Mitoni. Thanks for the help! Give me some more time for the professor's computer. Thank you. NEW MAIL SENT BY KUJIIN Do you see what I sent you just now? Hold on. What's this? It's from a security camera near Inaba's apartment. It's from the day before Inaba died. It's that woman who came to the university with Ano. Yes. But even when I checked a few other cameras, she was the only one I could see. - She was acting alone. - Probably. Hey, Mr. Seizaki. Nomaru is going to cooperate with the investigation, right? That means we should look into the woman next, right? You came at a good time. I was just about to call you. Itsuki went missing? No one's been able to reach him since the day before yesterday. His close advisors have disappeared altogether too. On top of that, their top-secret election documents were all stolen. They made themselves disappear? What was their purpose? I have no idea. It's a rebellion, or they went out of control. Seizaki... can you join the search to find Itsuki? We don't have any time. The inauguration ceremony is tomorrow. I have no intention of getting involved in the Shiniki initiative. My job is to find out what happened to Fumio. Look at this. It's possible that the women who were being used to get votes were involved in Inaba's and Fumio's suicides. Let me interrogate them. - Our interests are in alignment. - What? This woman also disappeared when Itsuki did. Disappeared? Which one? Well, I wouldn't be surprised. They're the same woman. What? What are you saying? I've only met her a few times myself. She looked completely different each time. It's not just some disguise. She changes. She turns into a different woman. The woman you interrogated was the same woman. No way! That's crazy! There was only one woman since the beginning. She was brought here by Itsuki originally. He said, "Let's use her." This woman can lead men astray. If you put them into the same room, she'll captivate every single one of them. Without this woman, the Shiniki initiative would have been set back by ten years. Her name is... Ai Magase. AI MAGASE Ai Magase. Are you serious? Kaika Itsuki disappeared? And the inauguration is tomorrow? Are you sure you have the time to sit here? You're supposed to work with the police, running around to find him! I am working with the police. Like this. Hello there. Based on the circumstances of his disappearance, they must've planned this carefully. Since the police can't let the public know, we won't be able to find him. What are you going to do then? We're going to focus on something other than the search. Hanta. What do you think about Itsuki? Well, judging from his career, he seems like a good man. After graduating from the best high school in his hometown, he attended a famous university in Tokyo and went to graduate school in the U.K. He built up experience working in the city council, and became a mayor at 30. Everything he did was for a purpose. Right. He wouldn't do anything that was useless. In other words, that means that there must have been a reason why he wanted to become mayor. You're right. He wouldn't abandon the position for no good reason now that he won. So you think he'll make his move, even without us finding him? I want to think about every possibility so that we can respond appropriately when that happens. Then let me show you this. Did you find something? His home town and school. All I could find. AI MAGASE He's too normal. I couldn't find any information. By the way, Mr. Seizaki. I wanted to ask you... - What is it? - Inaba and Mr. Fumio both committed suicide - after making contact with Ai Magase, right? - Yeah. And you interrogated Hiramatsu-- I mean Magase. That's right. Did you start to feel like you wanted to commit suicide? Of course not. Yeah. I guess you're right. Of course. That woman was crazy, but... Zen? It's urgent! Get Officer Okuda on the phone! What? Since when? - What? This is bad. - Is this true? We apologize for interrupting the broadcast. We have a news flash. We're at the Shiniki City Hall. Can you see this? Around 60 people are standing around the garden on the roof. What's going on? There are strong winds. This is a dangerous situation. Okuda? I repeat. Today, at around 2:30 p.m... Are they planning on committing mass suicide? But they don't look like... People who are planning to die. The police are unable to enter the area... BEN MITONI I was able to open the data on the computer you gave me. I found a file that looks like bad news. Bad? Yeah. The contained data on the development of a new drug. The name of the drug was Nyux. I was able to understand what type of drug it is by reading the manuals and the test data. But I guess I can't call this a drug... What do you mean? It's definitely a sleeping pill. But the balance of its ingredients is strange. The pill is really strong. If you took the drug, you'd fall asleep naturally, but then you'd never wake up again. In other words, if you take it, you'd die. You can die easily. Without any pain. Zen. What's wrong? Now I know what Inaba was really developing. A drug for committing suicide. There's been some developments at the scene. The symbol for Shiniki was suddenly displayed on the big monitor on City Hall. Good evening. I'm the person who was elected as the first mayor of Shiniki, Kaika Itsuki. I'm happy to be able to say hello to all of you as your new mayor. Shiniki is a new world. And Shiniki is something bigger than what you imagine. Shiniki wasn't created just for the benefit of Tokyo's local economy or management of Japan. Shiniki was created in order to bring great progress and prosperity to all of humankind. A long time ago, humans discovered fire. Then, humans learned how to control fire and conquer the dangers that fire embodies. After humans obtained fire, human civilization and culture developed rapidly. The second fire is here before us right now. It's even more dangerous than the first. It's a flame that's even harder to control, and a flame to be feared. However, we are already able to control it. We must have courage today. We must grab the second fire. "Death." Humankind has been afraid of death until now. We have tried to avoid it as much as possible. "We must not die." "We have to live as long as we're able to." That's what we were taught. And that's what we kept on doing. Law, religion, and morality all told us that we must avoid death. But we have already begun to understand. How unnatural it is to stay alive for no reason. How insane it is that the world thinks that everyone should live to 100. It's wrong. These things will lead to the fall of mankind. We must enter a new era in order to prevent that from happening. An age in which the value of death is recognized. An era in which we allow death under the correct judgment. I hereby declare Shiniki's first law. Shiniki recognizes... the right to death. I was wrong. I was wrong. "People don't want to die." "No one wants to die." That's what I thought. However, if that value system were to be overthrown, if people caught on to the temptation of death, if they began to truly want to die... Okuda, Inaba, and Fumio all chose to die. However, there was someone who made them want to die. F... Female. Woman. Ai Magase. Welcome... to the new world. The story, names, characters, places, locations and laws in this work are fictitious. No identification with actual ideas or beliefs is intended. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 