Digimon Adventure: Season 1, Episode 1 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Digimon Adventure 
 s1e1 - Tokyo: Digital Crisis! - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Digimon Adventure (2020–…): Season 1, Episode 1 - Tokyo: Digital Crisis! - full transcript 
 
 Download 
   In the year 2020 C.E., the human world is connected by a network. Inhabiting it is an unknown life form called Digimon. Oh Yeah! Be strong, jump on, become the wind Oh Yeah! Tsuyogatte tobinotte kaze ni natte Pass the orbit beyond the sky oozora kidou wo koero Can't hold back this rushing speed osaekirenai maenomeri na speed A familiar town turns into a diorama minareta machi ga diorama ni naru Burst through the unclear skies futoumei na sora tsukinukerunda Blow away your worries and discontent nayami toka fuman toka futtobashite Who needs a journey that's by the book manual doori no tabi nanka irane Even if you're lost or trembling, Raise the altitude mayottemo furuetemo koudo agete Oh Yeah! Show off, mess up, stand back up Oh Yeah! Ikigatte shikujitte tachiagatte The unknown horizon I watch with you kimi to mitsumeru michi naru chiheisen Now, be strong, jump on, become the wind saa tsuyogatte tobinotte kaze ni natte Use the sun That lights tomorrow as a guide asu wo terasu taiyou mejirushi ni shitesa Fly off to the Glorious World of freedom tonde ike jiyuu na Glorious World DIALING... VERIFYING... CONNECTED The Network. It opens the future of mankind and the world, and it continues to evolve. Now, it is about to connect further into uncharted territory. TOKYO DIGITAL CRISIS Sleeping bag, check. Water bottle, check. Umm, and my gloves... Oh. Mom, you're already there? That was fast. We're still at Shibuya, just transferring. Gosh, I feel so lost. That's why I told you to take lessons close by. - Bug spray, check. - Yes, yes. Are you preparing for camp? I'm on it. Pants, check. Shirt, check. Hikari! Do your best! Okay. We're transferring, so I'm hanging up. All right. Okay. Phew. Now for a little break! The government has also been affected... Oh? Um. Hello, I'm from upstairs... Ah, I've seen you around! You're a fourth-grader. My name's Koshiro Izumi. I'm Taichi Yagami. Nice to meet ya. Yes, um... Nice to meet you. Uh, and... I have a question about the next kids' club camp. Oh, Yagami-san, we're in the same group... Just Taichi's fine. Now, come on in. No, just here's fine. Don't worry, I was bored right now. Now reporting on the major cyberattack that mainly targeted central Tokyo. The damages confirmed up to now are... May I have a look at that? Now showing you the current state of Shinjuku. GOVERNMENT SERVERS DOWN POSSIBLE MAJOR CYBERTERRORISM - Other than electronic malfunctions... - Looks like trouble. Thank you very much. Huh? Oh, I'm sorry! Um, this is my timeline. It's connected to a lot of people who are familiar with different fields. I can ask and search for any information that I want or need to know. Wow. Huh? I'm really bad at that kind of stuff. You're awesome! But anyway! The way this is spreading is not normal. "Is there a blackout?!" "What's going on?!" The city is full of trouble already. "Is the power really out?" "The highway's in a gridlock." Soon, something may happen here too... I hope our power will be okay. Maybe I should stock up on water and batteries... Huh? "This train's crazy" What's this... "What's with that train?" The trains...? What?! Oh no! What's going on?! - They're out of control?! - All access is denied! The Tokyo Loop Line has lost control, and the trains won't stop! There's gonna be an accident at this rate! MOM Taichi-san?! They said they were transferring at Shibuya earlier. Huh? They might be on there! My mom and my little sister! On the Loop Line?! Shibuya... If we can get on the express, we can be there in 12 or 13 minutes. Hello, Taichi? Sorry, I had it on silent, so I didn't... Mom, where are you now?! Right now, we're on the train, so I'll call you back... TAICHI Hello? Hello?! Mom? Mom! Hikari! "Operation has stopped." "Currently, there's a problem with all metropolitan train lines. Especially the uncontrollable Loop Line is in a dangerous situation," it says. They were on it? The roads aren't fully functional, so cars are no good either. What do we do? From here to Shibuya would be at least 12 kilometers even along the tracks... Hey, you! Taichi! Taichi... san? Whoa... Oh! What? What happened to me? I heard someone's voice... And then... Huh? Something's happening. Something abnormal... beyond our understanding. I... Huh? Huh? - Hi! - What?! I'm Agumon! At last I have met you, Taichi. Agu... mon? How do you know my name? Oh, yeah! Hey, where are we? I have someplace I need to go... Huh? What's that?! Don't worry, Taichi. I'm gonna fight! Baby Flame! Ow, ow, ow! Hup! Taichi-san! Can you hear me, Taichi-san? This is Koshiro Izumi! Huh? Wait, Koshiro?! I'm glad I got through to you! But from where? And how?! Something weird's happening to me right now. Please don't worry. I can see you from my side, Taichi-san. Huh? You can see me? And... My bad, just wait one sec! Oh, okay. Ow, ow, ow, ow! Thank you, Taichi. Y-Yeah... Leave the rest to me! And about where you are, Taichi-san... Listen carefully. You're inside the Net. It's the place inside what we call the Network. An unbelievable world where everything is made up of data which has a shape. Inside the Net... Here? That's when... we came across them. The active life forms inhabiting the Network world! Baby Flame! We are... monsters that live in the Digital World. We're Digimon. Digimon... Honestly, everything's surprising. Isn't this the same as what you have, Taichi-san? After you disappeared from the station, this suddenly appeared before me too. At the same time, my tablet PC, um, became awesome. Taichi-san, I think I can be of help now! Are those swarms Digimon too? Yes. And I believe they are similar to viruses that attack data. A ton of them suddenly popped up and started going wild everywhere! As soon as that swarm vanished, I was able to confirm the recovery of one of the places that were having problems. The ones behind the cyberattacks were these Digimon. No wonder the cause couldn't be identified. That means... Oh! What about the Loop Line? How is it now?! It's still out of control. What do we do, Koshiro?! I'll lead the way. There's an area that manages the Loop Line control system. I'm sure there must be Digimon attacking that place. I knew it. There are similar signs of Digimon from earlier! There's no mistake! If you can take back that area, they should regain control and be able to stop the train! Taichi, you want to protect someone important to you, right? I'll do my best! Agumon! Baby Flame! Just one more... Huh? Something's odd! It seems like all of the data in that region is focusing in one place! Agumon! Taichi-san! I'm okay. Agumon! Please be careful! That last one is changing rapidly! What's happening? Taichi-san, you may want to back away for now! It... evolved. Evolved... This is... This is the Digimon's... evolution? The Loop Line's situation is changing... One of the uncontrollable trains has sped up?! It's catching up to the train in front of it! This is bad, Taichi-san! At this rate, the trains will collide! It'll become a major accident! Agumon? Agumon! Is this... Agumon's... Agumon Evolution! Greymon! Greymon... Taichi. Taichi-san, Greymon, there's no time left! Please hurry! Here it comes! Mega Flame! The emergency stop program has been activated on all Loop Line trains! The collision has been avoided! We did it, Taichi-san! Yeah... We really did it. Thanks, Koshiro. Thanks. Greymon. Sure. Huh? There's a new unknown cyberattack... No, it's another Digimon attack occurring! This time it's... in the U.S.?! Looks like the American military's tactical data network is being targeted! If we don't stop this now and their military system's taken over, a weapon will go out of control next. If that happens, it'll be the end of the world! As if rolling out of control, I ran frantically korogaru youni gamushara ni hashitta "What's waiting ahead?" nani ga matteru no? The headwinds told me mukaikaze ga oshiete kuretanda "Just believe and move forward" shinjite susume The bitter taste of defeat is a seed yaburete shitta kuyashisa wa tane It will eventually sprout And become your wings yagate mebuki hane to naru I knock on those doors sono tobira tataku riyuu Because the present shapes the future ima ga mirai wo tsukuru kara If you want to find a rainbow niji wo mitsuketai nara You must lift your face kao wo agenakuchatte The hands that reached out to us Make us much stronger sashidasareta te ga bokura wo zutto tsuyoku suru If you want to catch your dreams yume wo tsukamitai nara Though the step forward is unsteady furueru sono ippo mae ni Try and take it fumi dashite goran yo Because you can surely fly now ima nara kitto sora mo toberu kara Chaos continues within the Network. As the time limit draws near, everything depends on Taichi and Agumon. Next time on Digimon Adventure: "War Game" The adventure continues to a new world. 
 
 Play Now 
 Download 
 
 
 
 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 