Secret Army: Season 1, Episode 7 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Secret Army 
 s1e7 - Lost Sheep - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Secret Army (1977–1979): Season 1, Episode 7 - Lost Sheep - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Romsey, Flight Lieutenant. 119427. - You said that. That's all I can say. - That's all you tell the enemy. We need rather more than that. What were you flying? Wimpeys? My name is Peter Romsey. My rank is Flight Lieutenant, my number is 1194... Alright, so you stayed awake during your briefing. Well done. If we were Germans, you wouldn't be here now. You would be in a nice warm cell. We are the ones who need to be certain about you. Why are you wearing that badge? - Because I'm entitled to it. The RAF use bomb aimers and navigators nowadays, not observers. That's obsolete. Some of us who trained as observers prefer to keep the old badge. Well, those of us who are still alive. We're proud of it. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Flight Lieutenant Romsey. Romsey is that a common surname in your part of the world? No, why? - I always thought it was a place. - Near Winchester, yes. - Is that where you were born? - No. Are you the only survivor? I don't know. No one else has been brought in . Look, my pilot gave the order to bail out and I went. That's all I know. Give me the names of your crew. Unless you were on your own up there. Pilot? Squadron Leader Potter - And the rest? That's all - a crew of 2? That's all I can say. Well, this is it. And a bucket if necessary, but move about as little as possible. Is there a light? - No. Who are the other people staying here? - No one. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Just you, for the time being. Just a minute please. How long should I be here? - As long as necessary. Goodnight. Is Romsey a very unusual name in England? I've never come across it before. Ramsey, yes. Romsey is a place on a map. Here, a cup of coffee. Thank you. There are British bomber planes with a crew of only two aren't there? Not since the German breakthrough when they shot our Fairy Battles out of the sky like clay pigeons, He could have been flying a plane still on your secret list. If he was, he said too much even to us. It will be very interesting to hear what London have to say about Flight Lieutenant Romsey. What are you doing? I'm trying to see where we are. It doesn't matter where you are. Be still please. I want to ask your occupation before you joined the Royal Air Force. I was a junior bank clerk, - Which bank? National Provincial. - When you were at school, which house were you in? Darwin. Thank you, good. What's all that in aid of? We like to make sure that our guests really are who they say they are. Get some rest. You'll need it. Oh hello, I'll be with you in a minute. Two more beers for our friends. I'm sorry I was out. I hope they've been looking after you well. Cheers, John. John Curtis. Cheers, Peter Romsey. - Yes, I know. Are you sure this place is alright? That was a German out there wasn't it? - It safer than most. Do you think I'd be here if it wasn't? No, I suppose not. But we were told at least they said that Jerry sometimes tries to pass off as RAF crew. They have tried. We're pretty careful. What happens if you're not satisfied about some chap? I'm glad you believed me in the end. - We didn't we checked. Still, it's worked out to your advantage. You'll be jumping the queue What queue?. - You go down the line. London want you back as soon as possible. Oh yes. Well, I don't think we've lost a Mossie before. Sorry mosquito. It's the finest plane in the world, according to the pilot. I hope he's all right? We haven't heard. He's one of the best Geoff Potter. I was a bit jumpy. I can tell you when I first saw the thing. I mean, she's beautiful, but no offensive armament made of plywood. I thought. Geez, what am I going to fly in now? Geoff said. No fighter is going to catch this beauty my lad. Well, German ack ack's pretty damn good. Yes. I know. Is she really that fast? - She cruises faster and higher than anything else we've got. No wonder they want you back in such a hurry at home. - I don't think it's because of the plane. Jerry can work out height and speed from their radar It'll be the Oboe results they're worried about. - Sorry, I don't get you. It's the new radio system we're experimenting with to mark targets. It's incredibly accurate. The beams can't be bent. It means you don't have to mark visually anymore. You can do it from above the clouds. Shut up. - What? Just because a man gains your confidence, don't start talking about things you shouldn't. Hello. They said I'd have a roommate moving in. Don Fisher. - Ken Jones. - Hello Are you a driver or a brainy one like me? Neither. I'm just a thick air gunner. I suppose you are a navigator. Well, yes, an observer. I'm a bit off navigators at the moment. The fool we had got us well and truly lost. Then flak got us. - Bad luck. What happened to you? Flak knocked out one engine over the target. My pilot thought he could get back and then the wing caught fire. My dad told me never to volunteer for anything. I wish I'd listened to him and stuck to me trade. Well, what was that? - Chef. Well, trainee chef, but could be a Corporal cook by now. Could have got rich on the black market instead of getting the trots every time someone says we're off. And I'm not halfway through the first tour yet. How about you? Three more? And I'll finish my second. - 57 out. It's not many like you still living. Our squadron leader was doing well and he bought it on his 24th. Now at least we have some leave when we get back. - I gather we're all going down the line together. When? Soon? - It can't be early enough. Apparently they take their time. Run a sort of course, so that we don't stick out like sore thumbs on the way. Me, I can't wait. I've got a very willing little W.R.A.F. waiting for me. How about you? - I'm married. Really? - Six months ago. I thought about it once, but that "till death us do part" stuff put me off. I mean, whoever heard of an old air gunner? My wife is expecting a baby. She's on her own. No family. I've got to stay alive. 10 minutes before the guide picks us up. Just, er, wait here a minute, will you? Make sure you go in the Mens. - I know I thought that Frenchman would never stop gassing. What was he complaining about anyway? Something about the British, wasn't it? Our bombers. Keep him awake at night. What a cheek. We also abandoned the French army, and the war was all our fault in the first place. I don't think he likes us much. I was told there would be three of you. The other one's gone to the Mens. The train to Tours and Bordeaux departs from platform six. Attention, timetable change on platform six. That's not ours. We catch the through train to Biarritz. Should I go and find him? - Be no more than two minutes. We won't wait. He must have got on the wrong train. - Does he speak any French? A few words, no more. I can telephone from Bordeaux. Does he understand that he must make his way back to Paris? He knows what to do. He's got French money. - Well, I hope he doesn't panic when he can't find us. Come on. Paris, please. 70 francs. Thank you. Do you speak English? Are you English? - RAF. My name is Peter Romsey. I'm afraid I don't speak French very well. I need some help. - I don't live here Mr. Romsey. I'm from Paris. That's where I want to get to. - I'm sorry, I'm staying for the weekend at a hotel. I don't think there's another train until tomorrow. Where are we? Is there a big town near here where I might catch a train to Paris? Tours, yes. But that's 50 kilometers away. In that case I need somewhere safe to stay overnight. Do you know of a place? I may be able to do something. Wait here. You can fish. Be a fisherman. Don't shoot. I'm R.A.F. I'm entitled to be treated as a prisoner of war. Not you. Woodcock. I asked a fisherman for some help. And he came back with a gendarme. A regular weekender, I'll bet. I'm looking for somewhere to stay. I can't help you. I have problems with the police. I have heard there's an Englishman nearby. - An Englishman? Are you sure? Yes? What can I do for you? I was told an Englishman lives here. Who are you? I'm English, too. You'd better come in. - Thank you. Hugh. - Not just now. We have a visitor. - You deal with it please. I don't want to stop yet. I think you'd better speak to him. I'm sorry. I didn't know you were already inside. How do you do Sir? Mr. Romsey is English. - Flight lieutenant Peter Romsey. RAF. Well? I told them I'll wait for a reply during the next three ...., but it might take longer. Don't much like breaking procedure. Alain, it's very important. I must know immediately. And what makes this one so different? - It's not the man. It's what he might know. Do please sit down. Thank you. Corporal. Coffee and biscuits. Your report on the shot down mosquito was very thorough Brandt. I was delighted. That is why I bought Herr fasbender with me from the .... research laboratory. You are right, Major Brandt. This is not just a new fighter bomber. We know all about the Mosquito. There's nothing new there. But this is a very special Mosquito. I will explain. Perhaps Peter doesn't like pernod. - Oh, they briefed us to get used to it. - They? The people who run the escape route. - I see. I'd better make a telephone call. Will you excuse me. - Yes, of course. Well, cheers. - Yes, cheers You don't like it, do you? - I like the effect. My husband always walks to a cafe in the square every evening about this time for some drinks with some friends of his. Is that far? - About a mile. In the Village. His daily exercise. He's telephoning to say he can't be there tonight. Now I've got this wretched cold. No no, no, no. I shan't bother with the doctor. I'll just have an early night. Have you read any of my husband's books? - No, no I haven't. I seem to remember seeing some of them in the library though. I'm not going to the bar. I said I had a heavy cold. I wonder who that fellow was who told you about me. I assumed he was a member of the resistance. I doubt it very much. We listen to the BBC of course. As for this resistance movement they keep on about. Have you ever come across it or anyone? Well not around here, no, but perhaps it's mostly in the more remote parts of France Possibly, If it exists at all. Personally, I've always regarded the whole thing as British propaganda. I don't think the BBC would say anything if it wasn't true. Both sides pump out propaganda all the time, Peter. Lies are the stock in trade of any nation at war. Can we eat fairly soon? We don't know, but if Natalie says they've crossed into Spain tonight, we must believe her. What about this man, Romsey? Alright? - Yes, it was close tonight, What did they say? - Well the reply was very definite. Urgent. Use all possible means to prevent flight Lieutenant Romsey from falling into enemy hands. Does that mean they want them killed if necessary? We don't know where is. We don't know where he got off that train. But it may come to that, yes. But if he keeps his head, he will stick to his briefing and be at the Gare Austerlitz at noon tomorrow or the next day, or the day after and so on. If, yes. I'm not sure he will. I think Romsey's got The Twitch. More politely known as operational fatigue. Great resolution one minute. Indecision in an emergency the next. Done too many OPS. Seen too many friends written off. Then why aren't such men taken off operations? Job he was doing, he must be a first rate navigator. There aren't enough of them so they go on flying them right to the end. Let me see if I can find him. I could get some time off with the bank and go see have some relations in the Loire Valley. It would be perfectly natural for me to catch that train. And do what? keep on getting off and asking questions? - I'm not a fool Mr Curtis. I wouldn't make it that obvious. No, it would be too risky. You said yourself that you thought your caretaker was a police informant. I think my second cashier is also. That doesn't mean to say I'm under suspicion. These people crawl about all over the place. - Albert's right. Thanks Gaston, but no, it's, it's too dangerous. Why are you so concerned in this particular instance? Romsey was flying in an aircraft testing highly secret and new equipment. What he knows is of infinite value to the Luftwaffe. We must see they don't get it. I see. We must tell our people all the way down the line to let us know of anything they might hear as soon as possible. The other symptom of aircrew who have the twitch strong desire to stay alive and go home at any cost. That's understandable, I suppose. - It will make Romsey very vulnerable if the Germans get hold of him. Really? you met the King? - Yes. - What did he say to you? He said "Well done Romsey" and I said "Thank you Sir". That was it. - The first one went down fairly well, so I thought we might manage another bottle. It's a good vintage this. It's better than the 34. Well to be perfectly honest, I don't really know much about wine. I enjoyed it though very much. Uh, why don't we make ourselves comfortable? We'll have coffee later. Alright. - Shall I bring this? -Yes take that through and your glass. That was a splendid meal. I hope I haven't eaten all your rations. - Rations? No, this is rich farming country. We don't go short too much, I assure you. Peter's just been telling me he was awarded the DFC. - I wonder what for. Oh, I'd say nothing very much actually. I was on Wellingtons and we were badly shot up over Hamburg. It was a pitch black night and the radio and all the navigational aids had gone. I had to get back by using dead reckoning only. An exceptional feat of navigation, the citation said. Well, I didn't really have much option if I wanted to get back. We couldn't ditch. Both the gunners were wounded. They both died later though. But actually it was because I completed 37 OPS. That's all. Thank you. I had a son. Would have been about your age. - Oh really? Dorothy is my second wife. - Oh, I see. I was on the Somme in the Great War. Saw generations slaughtered for nothing. Anyway, my boy died when he was 4. Diptheria. But if he'd lived. I wouldn't have liked to have known he'd been shot up over Hamburg. Someone has to do it. - Do what? Bomb cities? No, we don't bomb cities. We bomb targets - With all due respect. Don't these cities get hit as you attempt to bomb your targets? It's all we can do until the second front - And France becomes a battleground yet again. There's no other way if France is to be liberated. - Liberated? You hear words like that on the BBC constantly. What mediocre hacks they must be to write such stuff. I suppose you couldn't get out when France fell. - Get out to where? Home. England. - But this is my home. We've lived here now for what, eight years? - Nine. That's right, since we were married. - Hugh's work has always been more highly thought of on the continent than in England, It must be very difficult for you though, living in an occupied country. - Life goes on, much the same as it ever did. Don't the Germans bother you? Why what do you imagine it's like? Everyone alternately starving, terrified? Being shot out of hand, by some German soldier on dark nights. That's a current mythology in England as far as I can gather. Truth is the first casualty of war, Peter. Must be units of the German army somewhere in France I suppose, but... Never seen any German soldiers around here. Good morning, Pierre. Good morning, madame. Sorry, do you want me? - No. I think your barometer is not working. Yes, I know. Sorry. Um, no, no come in. Come in. But it's alright. Your wife explained you don't like to be disturbed while you're working. No, I'm not. At least nothing's happening. Have one. Thank you. Oh do you write all your books in French? - At the moment there would be very little point in writing in English. No, I suppose not. That's not a new departure, though. I began to work in French in 1935 and since then my novels have been published in Paris. Oh that's amazing. I mean, I know Joseph Conrad was a great English writer and his native language was Polish, but I never did understand how he could do it. - Well, I wouldn't compare myself with Conrad, and no wish to, to be perfectly honest. A simple soul, Conrad I always thought. Far too one dimensional for me. But no, anyway, I'm happier in France. I suppose I've always felt more at home in France than in England anyway. However, never mind about me, what are we going to do about you? That's the point? Well, you've already been very kind. - But what you expect? What you want? To get back to Paris as soon as possible. - You won't be able to. They will be watching the station. Who? - German soldiers. They're all over the place They're looking for you. They're checking buses and everything. It's the talk of the village. They've got your description and your name. Well, if I can get back to Paris I know what to do. You'll have to stay here, there's no alternative. You'll be safe here, But what if they start conducting a house to house search? - Well we can hide him in the cellar. Part of it was bricked up at some time, for some reason. We only discovered it by pure chance. They won't find you. it's very kind of you. But then what? I can't stay here forever, can I? I don't know. Won't your friends try and contact you? I doubt it. In any case, they don't know where I am. Here, 48 kilometers from Tours. According to our contact a German army unit moved in there three days ago to help the French police in their search for an English airman. - 3 days and they haven't got him. He must have found a safe place. - Perhaps he managed to get out of the area. No he'd have turned up at the Gare Austerlitz by now - They wouldn't be wasting their time searching if they weren't sure he was still there. They're not fools. Victor lives there. Now, we could ask him to find him. What do you say? Victor is part of the line. - He's a local man. - Wouldn't arouse suspicion. A stranger would. All possible means. London want him back. - Want him back? Peter Romsey knows far too much about Lifeline But Victor... - Victor's a careful man. He knows what he's doing. I don't like it. Suggest an alternative then. Very well. Send Victor. Hello Victor, what brings you over here? - Repairing a barn. Neville's place. That's alright. We know who Victor is. Victor. My fence needs repairing. I'll call round. - Not for a few days. We're busy just now. Hi Victor. How's it going then? Not bad. Good. Have some wine. I will. Take the taste out of my mouth. Who was it? - Just an old man asking for directions. I'm getting tired of this. Always on edge, having to hide him every time anyone so much as comes near the place. My concentration is gone. I'm not getting anything done. Yes, I know. It must be very difficult for you. It's alright Peter. James and his mistress are staying at an old farmhouse near Tours. Suddenly she starts calling him Peter. - Oh - No, it's not funny. I've even got him replying "good show". "good show". Good God! Well, perhaps he's really two different people. Your characters always are. What did he want anyway? - Who? Oh, the old man? He just wanted to know if we knew of a house called Darwin. Not many devotees of the great man round here I shouldn't think. Darwin's Origin of the Species, yes. Darwin House, no. I've never heard of it. Did you say Darwin house? - Yes, Why? That was the House I was in at school. How did that come up? What exactly did the old man say? - If I knew of it. - Yes, yes, but what? He said he might call back later in case one of the household knew about it. - One of the household? - One of them, it must be. I suppose it couldn't be a trap? - Germans wouldn't go through that sort of rigmarole. Why should they? In any case, they wouldn't know what house I was in at school. Then somehow your friends have found you. Oh, that's wonderful. Hugh? Well, don't you think so? What occurs to me is that if they can find out where he is, so can the authorities. No I'm afraid not. A young friend of mine was in Darwin House at school, but... Well, yes, I suppose so. Didn't he want to speak to me? What did he say? That he was sorry we couldn't help him. And did I want any odd jobs done? But what a lot of fuss over one young airman. This one is important. So I shall rely heavily on your, your local knowledge Inspector. Important? But from his description, he's a little more than a boy. We think he can help us. I hope we find him. It could go badly for your district otherwise. Just in 'ere, sir? - Yes More shelves? Alright, I'll cut the wood to shape tomorrow. Shouldn't take long to fit them. - When? Tomorrow would suit me. You know I can go over to Tours and pick up some stuff at the station. And you want something sending by rail I suppose. Well... - There could be. I'll take it for you if you like. How big is it? Would you like to see it? Yes. Got some wood left over from a barn I mended. It's oak. Real oak so you're lucky. Make some fine shelves. - Yes. This is Peter. How do you do sir? Victor. - Hello. - Good job you fell into the right hands. - Yes. I'll be back tomorrow. Be ready. - I will. Thank you. - I think I feel like a drink. So do I. What's it about, your new book? Oh, it's a man questioning himself. You know he wants to know the meaning of life. It's a theme I've touched on before. Set during the war? - No, wars have no meaning. War is an act of collective madness, collective lunacy. True. I'm not fighting any more of course. Law and order in my district. That's all that I'm concerned with. My turn I think. France is at peace. We had never had soldiers all over the place before. No, that's all because of this English airman. They wouldn't be bothering us otherwise. You've heard about him? Well yes you told me yourself. So I did. The civil authorities are involved, of course. Just as we'd arrest a German deserter. Well, it's the same thing after all, viewed dispassionately. And the policeman has to be detached about these matters. But it gives the place a bad name. Smoke? No thanks. - Of course. Your English cigarettes. What will you do when your supply runs out? - Probably start smoking your filter things. A Major Brandt has arrived from Luftwaffe Intelligence. A charming man, but he takes his job seriously. Seems to want this Flight Lieutenant Romsey rather badly. Your house will be searched at 9 o'clock tonight. Oh, good at last. Your very good health. - Cheers. Major Brandt is convinced that the Englishman is being hidden by someone in the locality. An extensive search is being made. We couldn't very well leave you out. - No Major Brandt knows and admires your work and is fully aware of your reputation in France and in Germany. The search will be thorough, but it will be carried out by my men. You'll be put to as little inconvenience as possible. There will be no German soldiers in your house. Well. I must go. Nine o'clock. - Yes. Thank you, Pierre. It's my duty to inform you that all the houses in this area are being searched. Do you have any objection? - No. You start in the cellar. You look in the roof space. You know what to look for. I've just made some coffee but I imagine you'll be too busy prying into wardrobes and cupboards to join us, Inspector. But perhaps you would rather have a drink? - Thank you, yes. It's not my personal desire to pry into anything. Sit down Pierre. - Oh, thank you. I hope your wife isn't too upset. - She'll get over it. After all you're the obvious person for the airman to turn to, being English yourself. But he wouldn't know where I live. A local person might have told him. Some of our people haven't faced up to the reality of the French position, I'm afraid. Well, you know my opinions. - I do yes. But then you talk to me as a friend. Not everybody does. Your cold seems to be much better. Yes. - You shook it off very quickly. - It was just a 24 hour thing. You're fortunate. Whenever I get a cold it lasts for at least a week or 10 days. Excellent brandy. Let them do the work. I told Major Brandt it would be a waste of time. You have a very special position here, which I think you will agree has been scrupulously respected. - Yes. The Germans could have interned you I suppose, as an enemy alien but they didn't do so because, er, Well, I expect you realize I was consulted on the matter. - I assumed you had been, yes. I was able to assure them that although you hold a British passport, you are an honored guest here in France. That your life was your work and and that as an artist, your attitude is roughly "a plague on both your houses". Is that right? The quotation, yes. I'm amazed. It's many years since I labored over that in the classroom. Yes, I told him I was convinced you'd do nothing to prejudice your position, I recently said... I appreciate all you've done very much, Pierre. - I've done nothing dear friend except apply a little common sense. I mean, would you do anything so silly as to, well, assist an English airman? To take an example? When you know that you would be arrested, tried and shot. That your wife will be put into a concentration camp. That your work that you care so much about would be finished. No, you're far too sensible to risk all that. I mean apart from your opinions. As you say, it wouldn't be very sensible. - It would be a painful decision for you. Of course I mean, I appreciate that, but I think you would assist the official in charge of the investigation. Don't you agree? I probably would agree. - Knowing that any information would be treated in the strictest confidence. Nobody would know, not even your wife. - This young airman you're looking for? - Yes He must have a home, a family. Perhaps he's married. One can't help thinking on grounds of ordinary humanity it would be sad if he didn't see them again, perhaps for years. Better than never seeing them again. Better than being shot. Or falling into the hands of the Gestapo. Gestapo? How can they be concerned? Well, it seems that they want him to tell them who's been helping him. Not only here but, you know the others, the Frenchman, Belgians, Dutchmen. Who knows? Major Brandt doesn't much care for the Gestapo. So far has been able to keep them at a distance, but if we can't find this airman within the next day or two, no, thank you. Of course you're assuming the airman is still in the district. He could have got away. - We don't think so. Once the Gestapo move in, I can protect no one here. No one at all. What do you say? - Yes. It's not bad. - How much? We'll call it 500 francs. My wallet is in the kitchen. Get that young fella to give it to me. - Yes, right. Will you give that to Victor. This is for you. - Keep that, it's your travel money. As soon as I've left, go out the back door, at the end of the garden there's a gate. Through that there's a small wood. Yes, I've seen it from upstairs. - Make sure you're under cover. Go to the far edge of the wood and wait. How long for? - Until I get there. There's a track through the woods I can get my bike along. It might be ten minutes. It might be half an hour. I want to make sure there are no pigs snuffling around. If I'm not there in 45 minutes, it's not safe. Come back here and wait. I'll get in touch later. Alright? - Yes. I can't thank you enough Sir. I hope we meet again. And you of course, Mrs Neville. - I'll show you the way. - Dorothy, no. I know that wood backwards. - I really don't think you should Mrs Neville. I just want to make sure you get away safely. Come on. Don't worry Sir. I'll make sure she comes back as soon as Victor arrives. Halt. Stand still. I'm sorry. That was unnecessary. I gave orders. They couldn't have got away. The man responsible will be charged. Idiot. You weren't allowed to shoot. See if the Englishman is unharmed. Are you all right? Yes I think so. No damage done. Dead. Bring him. All right? They killed the old man. Killed him? - Shot him. Murdered him. Then they took Peter away. They were waiting for them. They knew. - That's impossible. I tell you they knew. But how? How? You feel better now? - Thank you, yes. May I? Of course. It's reassuring to know that you can still get a decent meal on French trains. Sir. You said my pilot was still alive. Ah yes, Squadron Leader Potter. Yes indeed. I spent many hours at his bedside. He was delirious. He's very badly burned. - How is he now? I think he'll be alright. He is being prepared for extensive skin grafts. I'm sure he'll be alright. Our plastic surgeons are very good. They've had a lot of practice. Would you like to see him? - Would that be possible? Yes, of course. We can very easily make a detour. He's in a hospital near Aachen. We can stop over on the way to your Prisoner of War camp. Oh yes. I must get on to the Red Cross and let them know you're safe and well. Then they can get the news back to your wife. - That's very good of you, Sir. In her condition, she'll be worried about you, I'm sure. At least she'll know you'll be home in one piece. Once this war is over. So we've shot down our first Mosquito? You know, we wondered why your bombing was getting so much more accurate. Oboe. - Oboe? What's that? It's alright. Name, rank and serial number. Anything elase I get stopped, eh? Quite right. we have the same orders ourselves. It was very unsporting but as I said, Squadron Leader Potter was delirious. - I see. So. You know it is fascinating, as a flyer, to compare it to our own developments We think we're further ahead. We had so much problems with our radio navigation systems. You know all about it. - Your beams could be bent. Whereas with Oboe they can't be bent. Yes, quite. Also to be frank with you, range and accuracy, in those days, not too good. Now much improved Better than Oboe probably. I don't see how they could be? - Oh no? I expect I could convince you. Now I think it's time for 40 winks. Don't you? 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 