Secret Army: Season 1, Episode 1 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Secret Army 
 s1e1 - Lisa - Codename Yvette - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Secret Army (1977–1979): Season 1, Episode 1 - Lisa - Codename Yvette - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Blessing, O God, the food on This table that you have given us. Teach us to be thankful for the Harvest and for our daily bread... Papa. - Quick. Sit. Sit down. You will all please remain exactly where you are. Now, my men will carry out a routine search of this building. And I must insist that you cooperate by sitting quite still. You will all please place your hands upon your heads. Carry on with the search, Feldwebel. One, two, three, four, five. Who are you expecting? Or who has made a hasty exit? - No one. You cooked the meal. Who was the extra plate for? 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 He has told you. No one. The extra plate was a mistake. Do you know? Smells good, very good. You farmers eat better than the Luftwaffe. And what about you young fellow? Do you know who this fifth plate was intended for? Oh, come now. You're not afraid of me? No harm will come to you. I only want to know if you can tell me who this plate was meant for. And is he still here? Take me to him. Please. If you do, all of these men, they will go away, and you and your family can get on with your meal in peace. Take it to him would you. There is nothing up there Sir. No. I am still not satisfied. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 According to information we received, this farm has been used as a hiding place for RAF evaders. Pending further enquiries, you and your wife will accompany me to Luftwaffe Police Headquarters, where you will be detained for questioning. Now. What about you? Can you and your brother look after yourselves? Or will I leave one of my men behind? I can take care of my brother. - Good. Bring them along, Feldwebel. They'll come home. Don't worry. The Germans have no proof of anything. They'll be back. You'll see. Later tonight. Where is she? -I told you, Kurt. H?l?ne is in Antwerp. Bertha. You haven't touched your stew. Weren't you hungry? -Not if it's food she makes. How many times, Andr?e? I made the stew. I can't be behind the bar and in the kitchen all the time. Someone's got to help with the cooking. It used to be my kitchen. You could get someone else. -There isn't anyone else. The customers like her. Now that's important. You know. She is good for business. - She laughs at me. She's not laughing at you now, believe me. She is furious because I'm spending so much time up here when the bar's full. Now listen, we'll be closing soon. I'll bring you up some supper then. I'll prepare it all myself. She is not too old. How much do you charge for a long time? All night? Save your money Corporal.You'd be fast asleep by... You don;t want her. After you enjoy yourself, I'll give you a good breakfast. Something went wrong? -A raid. Is Yvette safe? -I don't know. it was arranged she would meet the evaders and bring them to the farm. They didn't arrive. Perhaps they saw the Germans and ran off. Where's Albert? Where he usually is when we're busy. With her. You go. He should be down in a moment Beer please. What are you doing here? What went wrong? Everything. There was a raid on the farm The Luftwaffe Police. Was Yvette there? - No. She hadn't arrived I don't think she made contact with the three evaders. They must have panicked when they saw the Germans arriving. What happened at the farm? They took the farmer and his wife away for questioning. They found nothing. They won't hold them long. Perhaps not. But we can't use that farm as a safe house any longer. At last, we've finished. Took me five minutes to get Bertha's Corporal to the door She's not touched it. She wasn't hungry. Does she know how long I had to queue this morning to get that meat? She said to tell you she was sorry. She's not feeling very well tonight. How can she expect to feel well if she won't eat? How can she expect people to help her if she won't help herself? I left the sausage out because she won't eat that. How is Andr?e? - Same as always. She hates Monique. - Not as much as Monique hates her. And I am right in between the two of them. Get rid of Monique. That's all she ever says. And Monique wants me to leave her. How can you leave a chronically ill woman? I don't know what they have to complain about? It's me that has go backwards and forwards between the two of them. I'll make you a fresh Cup of coffee in a minute. What about Yvette? Do you think she's alright? She missed the trouble at the farm. But we don't know whether she got home safely. We don't know what sort of net the Germans have laid down. Halt . Do you know what time it is? Where are you going? It's hours after curfew. - I'm a nurse. I have a curfew pass. Lisa Colbert? A nurse ? In that condition? You look like you've spent the night at the bottom of a ditch. Pigsty Corporal. In these times we can get called out for anything. I have just spent 5 hours attending the arrival of a litter of pigs. Carry on. Hey listen. Can you hear that? Dogs! That's coming on a bit strong isn't it? I said you couldn't trust these rotten swine. - Over there as well. What do we do now? - Get the hell out of it. Come on. This way. Here they are. Achtung, Schweinhund. Hands up in the air . Heil Hitler.  You double crossing devils. You rotten twisters. That'll do. Cut out the chat. Let's have you outside for interrogation. You used dogs. We'd have made it if you hadn't used those dogs. That's not in the rules. It doesn't say anything in the rules about using dogs. There are no rules Sergeant. Not as far as the enemy is concerned The sooner you learn that the better for both of you. Understood? What about you Sergeant '?  You fiddled about on those ruddy moors for two nights and a day. You're only 10 miles from the place where you started out. What have you been doing for god's sake? I'll tell you what I think you've been doing. You've been wasting your own time, the army's time and what's worse, my time. I'll see you back here after interrogation in an hour. Sir? All right if we wash up and have a meal first? we haven't eaten properly for two days. I thought I'd made myself understood. The exercise is not over. You're going away to be interrogated and then you're coming back here. It's my thankless task, Sergeant to teach you types how to survive if ever you're shot down. And there is no time for hot meals, hot baths or hot anything until I start getting that message through to you. he should have been shot down and left there. Curtis? I'm afraid your stay is being cut short. They want you back in London. any idea what for, Captain? - Not the faintest except it was a direct order from the air ministry. When you've finished here report to the adjutant. He's got your travel warrant. They want you there the day after tomorrow. - Right Sir. You see, you two forgot your basic field craft and ran straight across the sky line You must remember to stay hidden by day travel only by night. Make a plan and stick to it. Now the important thing to remember is that unless you catch it in the target area, you'll almost certainly come down amongst friends. Not everyone in Luxembourg, Holland, Belgium and France are on our side, but the majority of them are. Try to remember the exercises you've learnt. They are just as important as learning how to fly. Out of you men here, five of you will be shot down in Europe. This is not a game. It matters. Halt. Halt or I shoot. This is great. I was famished. How long do you reckon he'll be? Your husband? Soon it won't take long. Real stroke of luck by knocking on your door and him turning out to be in the resistance. I mean, I had to knock on somebody's door, but I had no idea it would turn up clumps like this. When I get back to the squadron I'll try and get a card to you or something. Maybe a message over the wireless just to let you know. It's all right it's only Peter coming home That was quick Peter. What did they say? You will please stand  and hold your hands above your head. Slowly. We are so sorry. We have to. We have children of our own. And grandchildren too. We do not get involved in the war. We are pleased to give you our food. That was all our bacon ration for two weeks. You enjoyed the meal I cooked for you? I should have known with my luck. Tt always was too good to be true All right. Lead on MacDuff Shall I take that, Herr Oberst? Please. I was trying to be helpful. - Of course. Thank you. Good morning Doctor Keldermans surgery. - Yvette? It's Alain. The three puppies that escaped from your grandfather's place last night. They've caught another one. They are taking it back to the kennels now. A third one is still missing. Thank you for letting us know. I'll pass your message on to the doctor. Goodbye. You are not the doctor? - Hardly. The charming receptionist? -No, the part time physiotherapist. Then perhaps you are the person I need to see. I fell off my horse I think I have damaged my shoulder ligaments. I think you'll need to see the doctor first I am only helping him out with physio. But I'm far from fully qualified. O no? I would have said, Fr?ulein, that your qualifications were excellent. Thank you, Colonel. Good morning, Lisa. Herr Oberst. - My apologies. Have I arrived too early.? - Not at all. I'm afraid I'm running late this morning. Will you go through and take off your tunic and shirt. I'll be with you in a minute. Fr?ulein, Lisa. I hope we shall meet again. - I'm sure we will Herr Oberst. I look forward to that moment. Was that the telephone? I heard just now? Yes About the three Candide children. The second one has just been taken out of hospital. But so far as we know, the third is still free from infection. let's hope we can keep him off the danger list Now Herr Oberst. Let's have a look at this shoulder of yours. Kessler? Do you know this Kessler? Yes, he was a captain, in the Reich Central Security Service before the war. But this is Sturmbannf?hrer Ludwig Kessler. Gestapo. Yeah, this the same man. Ludwig Kessler. As cold as they come. I didn't really know him at all, nobody did. He kept himself to himself. Didn't smoke. Didn't drink. Hardly ever even came into the office's bar. But he did get drunk once. On the F?hrer's birthday He boasted then, that he personally executed 11 men at the Lichterfelde Barracks on the night of the Long Knives. Could well be true. Kaltenbrunner himself authorized Kessler's promotion to Captain in the security service. And now he is a Sturmbannf?hrer in the Gestapo. Why do you think they prefer him to me? - You have a good record. There's nothing wrong with security here. Did you know that we captured another of those RAF evaders this morning? Weren't there three in all? Not according to information. but I think they panicked and split up in the woods last night. I'm biding my time. Watching the roads. The last one can't get far. In your place I'd be inclined to move my men in. Flush the Britisher out before Kessler arrives. If thinks there's a quick feather to be gained, he'll institute an all out SS search. He'll snatch the evader from under your nose let him do so. Then he will only have to hand it back to me.  Military regulations dictate that captured enemy aircrew are the responsibility of the Luftwaffe, not the Gestapo. - Perhaps. The blood purge in the barracks hardly came under the heading military regulations. I shall be sorry to see you go. Where will it be? The Eastern front? I imagine so. Hey, monsieur. Over here. Englishman. Raf. I need help monsieur. Your job is even colder than mine Stay where you are. It is too dangerous now. I'll be back later. When it's dark. Yes? Flight Lieutenant Curtis? Yes - Thank heavens. You're about to save my life. Have you got a shilling about your person? Thanks. I was told to report to Lieutenant Colonel Kingston My name is Johnson. Sorry to bamboozle you Do you mind telling me what this is all about? - Let's start at the beginning with you shall we? Flight Lieutenant John Curtis. 29 years old. Born in Leeds Educated Leeds Grammar School. Been in the service eighteen months. Do you enjoy working on the escape and evasion exercises Curtis? is this place something to do with the air Ministry? Am I being posted back to operations? Shall we take it one step at a time? and I'd appreciate it if you would answer my question. Are you enjoying lecturing on the escape exercises Curtis? Please do sit down. Not particularly. I'd much rather be back flying. but you are aware you're doing a useful job? - I suppose so. Sometimes I begin to wonder. I'm not sure I'm getting the message through to a lot of them - But you yourself understand the importance? Yes - Because it did happen to you. You got back home. I wasn't entirely unaided. I lived off the land for 29 days. Then I was lucky enough to fall in with one of the Belgian escape lines. Ah yes.Lifeline. Of course you have one very big advantage over most of the lads You speak French exceptionally well. - I spent a lot of time over there before the war. You have a natural aptitude for languages. Your German and Dutch aren't all that bad. Are you going to tell me what this is all in aid of? Or not? How do you feel about going back? - To fly? I'd jump at the chance. No not to fly. I meant, back to Europe. - Are you asking me if I want to be a spy? Good heavens no. I'm asking you if you'd like to continue doing the work you're doing now. Helping our chaps that get brought down get back home. Except you'd be doing it over there, as opposed to over here. How does it appeal? I am flabbergasted. - Yes. We thought you would be. That's why we invited you down. Apologies for the office. And for the shilling. A new organization. Teething troubles. Still, if nothing else, you might wind up with some extra leave. Can I ask a couple of questions? - Sorry, I'm afraid you can't. I've also got to ask you not to breathe a word of what I've said outside this room. Anyway, please do give it some thought. We'll be getting in touch again soon. Hello. Just a Moment. Everything has to be in secret in this house these days. You go to the bank as if nothing has changed. I'm here all day and everything is different. My own niece is a different girl. Louise, you can hardly expect her to be the same girl she was before the war. Her parents, her fiance all killed in one week, of course she's changed. I expected her to behave like other girls. I expected her to shed tears when they were killed. She didn't. Not once. I expected her to go back to living her life. She's done none of these things. Why has she given up her job? She was a teacher. She wanted to be a teacher. That's a good thing to be If peace ever does come back to Europe we are going to need teachers most of all. But she gives that all up to become a part time nurse Not even a nurse. A doctors' errand girl. Running errands at all hours of the day and night. Lisa knows what she is doing. She'll be all right. That's what you always say. I wonder about you sometimes. The telephone rings. I answer it. There's nobody there. Why does everything have to be secretive in this house? I have to go out. - Was it the surgery? Don't wait up for me. I may be very late. I'll get a torch and see you as far as the corner. There's some rubble in the road outside. Why does everything have to change because there's a war? It was Alain who called. Someone has picked up the last of the missing airmen. The ones I failed to make contact with the other night. Who picked him up? -A farmer, about 6 miles from here. Are you sure he is the RAF man? - He seems genuine. - They are interrogating him now. If he is I will bring him to Doctor Keldermans for the time being. We certainly can't use the farm again. Take extra care Lisa. With this new Gestapo man expected any day now, the Germans are sure to be on their toes. The battery's gone. It's been threatening it for days I'm better without a torch. Can you turn off all the lights? Is Lifeline still controlled by the woman called Yvette? Her real name is Lisa Colbert. Codename Yvette. She lives with her aunt and uncle. Her uncle is an assistant bank manager. In his spare time he organises all of Lifeline's documents. He fixed up the forged documents you had. - He did a good job. The aunt seems to have no idea what's going on. Very few people know Yvette's true identity. and as far as you're concerned, the connection between Lisa Colbert and Yvette, must never be disclosed. No matter what the circumstances. Your contact is through a Brussels caf? Lifeline uses as a headquarters. Yes, I remember. The Caf? Candide. I'll brief you with we know about the lines later, but your main task, apart from liaising with us and acting as paymaster will be that of welding all the lines together. We have a Lysander which makes frequent contact with the regular resistance people. They'll look after you until you make contact with the escape line As of now, they are amateurs, up against professionals. Not only some elements of Belgian police, but also the Luftwaffe police and now, the Gestapo. Intelligence reports show that the Gestapo are stepping up their fight against the evasion lines. They are sending one of their top boys, Ludwig Kessler, into Brussels to take charge. I suggest you take Kessler very seriously. Come in. Yes, Erwin? I really must protest, Dieter. You have two prisoners transferred from my block to yourselves without even so much as informing me. You surely received the relevant documentation. After the event, yes. But your action completely undermines any authority I hold. It was my doing, Major Brandt. I shall be personally responsible for all actions of the security service from now on. My name is Kessler. - You are Sturmbannf?hrer Kessler? Oberst, would you excuse us I wish to speak to Major Brand alone Of course Kessler. I've seen notification of your appointment. But I was not aware of your arrival in Brussels. I've been here several days, Major. I decided to ease myself into my post without undue ceremony. A wise decision. May I see those papers please? Yes, this is my authorisation. These are quite in order. Gundell was responsible for no more than the signature. Sturmbannf?hrer, I must ask you to rescind the order. Am I to be allowed to know why? - Of course. The two prisoners are a farmer and his wife. I had occasion to raid their farm a couple of weeks ago. I have since had them brought in for further questioning twice. I have read the file. - If you'll allow me to explain? I'm certain they have been using the farm as a safe house for evaders. But it is also my belief that further questioning will reveal nothing. Your methods of questioning Herr Major? Or mine? I'm sure they only know the code names of the guides. The guides who deliver the evaders, or pick them up. Such information is of no value. We are of the same mind, major. I have also spent some time with both of these prisoners. Separately. Yesterday. My findings are the same as yours. So I ask you again to return them both to me. If we allow them to return to the farm, we allow them to regain their confidence. And then, we keep them under surveillance, I am sure we will gain positive evidence that will enable us to break the entire escape line. What you ask for is impossible. The interrogation of both prisoners ended last night. Today, the farmer and his wife and his two children, the whole family is on its way to the Fatherland. They will be far more use to the third Reich in a labour camp than they have been here. You have taken a wrong step if I may say so. If I had been given time... You may not say so, major Brandt. The treatment of all civilian suspects is entirely my affair. And there is no time. My immediate aim is to see that not a single RAF evader gets in or out of this area. And mine Sturmbannf?hrer. Then I hope we may combine our efforts to achieve that object Mayor Brandt. You have not been entirely successful on your own. Which is why Berlin has sent me. Have you studied my results? - Yes. They are not good enough. What is required is 100 percent achievement of success. Every single British bomber pilot that escapes from Europe results in the addition of one more bomber plane. Every bombing raid on Germany means not only loss of war production. German It also means that German women and children die. Not one British bobmber pilot shot down must escape from Belgium. I think I am as aware as you are of the seriousness of the task. Good. Are you aware of the manner in which one exterminates rats, Major? One blocks one escape route after another until only one remains. And then one releases the dogs. I have been sent here to exterminate rats. One by one, rat by rat, escape line by escape line, until the very last rat is destroyed. I blocked up one of those escape routes last night. These are your travelling companions. This is your third man. You're the chap we were expecting? Frank Howes, 150th Squadron. I am Stan Phillips. This is Stevie Harrison. 12th squadron. When were you brought down? Three weeks ago. We crash landed on the way back from D?sseldorf. Sergeant. You have entered an escape line. If you give yourself away, you will be taken to a prisoner of war camp. The Belgian people who have helped you, who have risked their lives on your behalf, will be taken out and shot. Please do not forget that. What time is it? - It's after two. I tried to sleep. - I know. When are you going to bed? - Soon. We didn't close until after one. There is still a bit of tidying up to do. I'll be up soon. - Who is down there with you? No-one. Monique left an hour ago. I am quite alone downstairs. - I heard voices. Whispering. You heard me, Andr?e. Go to sleep now. You want me to sleep. Is that why you gave me the sleeping pill? What is it you're doing down there? I gave you the pill because you asked for it. It was you who banged on the floor and brought me up here. I'm a burden to you. - No. I do wish you didn't hate me. I don't hate you Andree. You are my wife. Go to sleep now. I'll be up soon. I promise. I agree with Doctor Keldemans. It is essential that we move the three evaders out of Brussels as soon as possible. This seems to be the ideal opportunity. She couldn't sleep. I've given her a pill. Albert, if Natalie can get them to Paris within the next four days, we know there is a guide there to take them to Biarritz. Tolo can meet them there and get them over the Pyrenees. Yes, but if this new Gestapo man is as bad as everyone makes out wouldn't it be better to wait a few more weeks? Until the new restrictions begin to ease? I don't think they are going to ease. From what I've heard about Kessler, I think they're going to get much worse. if we can get the new sergeants papers fixed up in time, we could move them out the day after tomorrow. Around five in the evening. Would that be sufficient time for you to get them under the Paris train? It's a tight schedule but if this new evader doesn't speak a word of French, We're better off not hanging about at the railway station. - That's the way I see it. So are we all agreed? Albert? Yes, agreed. How long do you reckon we're gonna be safe here? Kurt, you're a stranger. We thought you'd been posted. I've been confined to barracks. Is the woman here I went with last time? You mean Big Bertha? You were drunk. Don't you even remember her name? I don't even remember what she looked like. - Then you're in for a big surprise. Coffee or beer? - Beer. I think I remember her. Was she the one I went with? She doesn't look anything like Bertha. Kurt, why are you looking for Bertha? She still has my best boots and trousers. Her husband came home. I did not even know there was a husband . I was up in front the M the next day. I was confined to barracks and transferred to the latrine detail. I wouldn't mind being confined to barracks on account of that one. Here's your beer, Kurt. I know it was a long time, but there was an article she found in a magazine. I had to read it to her. I hope she hasn't gone blind on top of all her other ailments? Lisa. Coffee? - Please. Did your relatives get away on holiday as planned? Yes. They should be at the station by now. Now where are you going? Andree's glasses. I must have put them on the shelf. I'll take them up to her. John Curtis? - Yes. You were back in England. We got you out once before. I've been sent back. I can see that. I'm going into the back. There's a room where we can talk through there. Count to twenty, then follow me. Raise your hands. Put them on top of your head. Lisa, explain to him... - Do as he says. Turn around. Alright, I understand about security, But you both know me for God's sake. My identity papers. He isn't armed. When did you arrive in Belgium? - Two nights ago. I flew in by Lysander. You can check me out with your resistance people. They met me. They arranged my accommodation. Contact them! We have no contact with the resistance people We don't have contact with any of the other escape lines. We don't even know the real name of the men we use ourselves as guides. This is ridiculous. - Put them back. On your way through Belgium the first time, you spend two nights on a farm a few miles North of Brussels. That farmer, and his wife, and his children are now in a concentration camp. On the way to Paris you stopped at a cafe for a meal in Valenciennes. The man ran that cafe disappeared the next morning. He has not been heard of again. Well chaps it's not looking bad. - So far, so good. nothing disastrous. -Many a true word spoken in jest Excuse me. These empty compartments... Do you know if they are reserved? I think Fr?ulein they are reserved for soldiers and military personnel and any charming young ladies who might be willing to keep them company. Flap over. -Breathe again. Spain, here we come. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 