Secret Army: Season 1, Episode 6 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Secret Army 
 s1e6 - Growing Up - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Secret Army (1977–1979): Season 1, Episode 6 - Growing Up - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 There is nothing to see. Go away and play. Well I should speak to the wholesaler Pierre. Yeah, well it happens all the time these days. Last week they invoiced me for five crates and only delivered 4. And you, Pierre. The Wellington that came down last night. The military picked up the crew this morning. All of them. So it seems. Trying to cut across country not only in broad daylight and in uniform, but all four together. - A Wellington crew is 5 Perhaps one of them was killed in the crash. - Not according to Pierre. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 They all got out. One of them could have been injured so he couldn't travel with the others. Where were they brought down? - Just outside Emines. It's a mining village. Have we anyone in the area. Someone who can have a look around. For what? For the missing airman. It's possible they had to leave him somewhere. He could be lying injured in a ditch. - If he is, I'm afraid he'll just have to lie there. For God's sake Albert, the man could be dying. Do you think you are the only one who can count to five? Do you think the Germans don't know how many it takes to crew a Wellington as well as we do? That whole area will be swarming with police and military right now. We can't risk anyone within miles of Emines. Not until the commotion dies down. Aren't you forgetting the rest of the crew? We know they all got out of the plane. Do we?  According to our information, yes.  And if we assume that one of them was injured, which is why they had to leave him,  
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 then to a certain extent what happens to him is up to them. - How do you mean, Lisa? If he was badly injured, then surely the captured aircrew are going to tell the Germans where to find him.  How else can they be sure he gets treatment?  No, Albert is right. We can't risk anyone into that area  till the police and the troops have given up the search.  It's agreed then we do nothing for the time being.  - Not for a day or two at least.  Alright.  He must hope that he is found, by someone with a bit of common sense.  And on our side.  R.A.F.? Belgian? Last night? Your friends, the rest of the crew... The Germans captured them this morning.  How many? - Four. You are wounded? - I can't walk. I need someone to help me.  Someone who hates the Germans.  I hate the Germans. I'll help you. Someone older than you? Your, your father My father is dead. He was a soldier. He died fighting the Germans.  I will bring you food. I will tell no one.  I need someone to look at my leg.  Your mother? Would she help me? - Yes she'll help I should think.  You'll be quite safe here for now. I'll be back later.  Wait.  Take this.  Show it to your mother. It'll prove who I am. When you speak with her.  Long live the RAF.  Down with the Boche. Mama, come and see. Quick. Hello, what is all the noise in aid of, eh? What are you so excited about? - Nothing What is it, Jean-Paul? - I told you. Nothing. Must be a very big nothing to cause that amount of fuss.  So you are the man of the House, and what do they call you?  Answer Jean-Paul. Manners cost nothing. Tell the soldier your name.  Jean-Paul - Better, that's more like it  and now you can tell me what all the shouting was about.  Well. I'm waiting.  Jean-Paul, for the last time.  - It's the way they are growing up. It's the war. My sister's is dead and her little boy misses his father's guiding hand.  I can handle this one war or no war  Jean-Paul are you going to show me what's in your pocket this instant or do I have to make you? and I will, you know? - It's just an egg, mama. Well, and does it deserve the amount of fuss and bother you were making?  Go on out and play until dinner is ready.  - Just a minute, not so fast Jean-Paul.  Which way did you come home from school? - Across the fields. you didn't see any strangers?  A man dressed up in flying clothes.  I'm looking for a British airman? He may be wounded. Lying in a ditch perhaps?  Would you tell me if you had?  He would. I'd see to that. Go on out and play. Not too far mind.  His father was killed in the very beginning.  One of the first to volunteer.  One of the first to die.  We've had our share of the war Corporal. We don't take sides any longer. We just keep out of it.  There are none of us out of the war madam. Soldiers and civilians alike. My wife, she was sitting in her own kitchen, peeling potatoes when the bomb dropped. When they found her, she was still holding the potato knife. We are all involved.  It is up to us all to see the war is over as quickly as possible.  One of them. That's all I need. Just let me interrogate one of them.  I'll know the whereabouts of your fifth airman, I guarantee a statement within an hour. I'm sure, but would it be the truth or a pack of lies  They might lie the first interrogation? They wouldn't try it twice,  - no, but it all takes time.  Your way takes time,  - I agree. But my way the results are more reliable.  You've had four of them all day and you have got nothing to show for it. - They've been in isolation.  Now I am bringing them together. They'll talk, out of relief, out of nervousness, but they'll talk.  And what they say will come through there.  Hardly original, Herr Major. No. But not quite so primitive as rubber hose pipes and bamboo canes. Come.  Sir I'm collecting the four prisoners now and taking them to the communal cell.  Thank you Am I glad to see you're OK, right?  Have any of you been interrogated yet? - Haven't seen anyone yet. What does this mean? Where does bringing us together get them? That didn't take them long Herr Major. - it wasn't meant to Herr Sturmbannfuhrer That's defeated them. Who are these jokers? Why don't they whip us off to a POW camp Did you see Gestapo? No Luftwaffe police going by the uniforms.  There are SS in the building. I saw a couple of them in the corridor.  Well, we haven't been handed over to them so far so I think it's reasonable to assume that the Luftwaffe have decided to hang on to us.  What are they up to skip.  Why are they keeping us here.  I imagine they're trying to get a line on Clifford. They can't have picked him up yet.  No one said anything did they when we were first brought in? - Rank, name and serial number. I played it by the book. But that's all they asked me.  What about Cliff skip? Wouldn't it be better for him now if we did say something.  He's stuck out there on his tod with that leg,  it's really bad, his leg, skip. I dressed it for him.  He's got enough food. He's well sheltered.  Now there's a fair chance that some local civvy might pop along and put him in touch with the underground.  Suppose nobody goes there? It's miles from anywhere, that barn. - There's little chance they'll find him in that remote barn. We give him three full days and then we inform the Luftwaffe. At least there's an outside change. Thank you, Herr Major. I have 3 trucks and men standing by. They can be in that area in 10 minutes from now.  They will do nothing of the kind.  And how do you propose to find out where he is?  Well, I don't propose to go rushing in like a mad bull.  We will move in quietly.  I'll keep a constant watch on every barn in the area.  A 24 hour surveillance, on every barn in a five mile circle you haven't got that many men! I know. I'm suggesting we work together. Combine our forces for once. And at the end.  Well if my idea works, if the resistance do pick him up and given time, I'm quite sure they will.  We follow him down the line.  And every single evader that we pick up is to be my prisoner.  Very well. I agree. - Good. I just hope he hasn't been found already.  Let's stop again.  It isn't far now. It's in an old quarry. Nobody ever goes there.  You'll be quite safe until I can find someone to help you. What about your mother?  I'm not going to ask my mother.  - Oh, I thought you were.  She's a woman.  - Most mothers are. Mine is. Helping British airmen is a man's job.  I'll contact the resistance.  Do you know anyone in the Resistance? Look, Germans. Right. Albert? - With Andree as usual, where else would he be? Coffee? - I'll have a beer.  If you ever fall in love, don't pick a man married to an invalid. Gives a wife an unfair advantage.  Any news?  Yes Hans? - Any sugar.  - Sugar? Saccharin! What did she want this time?  Oh, nothing, just a cardigan, it's rather chilly tonight. She feels the cold.  I could freeze to death in my bed. Nobody would notice.  - Get me a beer would you. Well? Nothing new. The Luftwaffe police are still holding the other four. The last one hasn't turned up yet.  Hasn't anyone heard anything? He can't have just vanished into thin air. There is nothing we can do about him. - The Germans are up to something. They've got scores of men right around the countryside. And not just their own. Civilian police and the military. Supposing someone picked him up and they don't know how to contact us.  I heard there was a house to house search this afternoon. They must be keeping him low somewhere. I hope he has the sense to keep his head down.  It isn't much, but it'll keep you going.  I'll bring some more, tomorrow.  Any water, something to drink?  I didn't think to bring anything to drink.  Is there a stream or a spring near? Perhaps I can come back later tonight. If not, first thing tomorrow morning on my way to school.  Thanks. I'll be alright until then.  Here.  Something for you. Swaps. Swaps? - For the food.  It's chocolate. I should be able to come back tonight.  After we've had dinner. It'll be easy. I'll tell my mother I'm going to a friend's house. I often do.  I'd better be going now.  - Be careful now. Hey kid, what's your name? - Jean-Paul. What do they call you?  - Cliff. Clifford. Sergeant Clifford? - Clifford Howson. Sergeant Howson. Au revoir, Sergeant Howson. Au revoir, Jean-Paul. Where have you been?  - Out. Out where?  Hello there. - Out where?  - Just out playing, that's all. I'm not late am I? I wanted you a little while ago I was out calling you. Right, you can set the table for me now.  You haven't been up to the old quarry, I hope.  No, of course not.  What happens at the old quarry?  - Nothing. A boy broke his leg there only last month. I suppose that's nothing.  Knives and forks for three. Jean-Paul Whereabouts is this quarry? - Not far. Up through the woods, nobody goes up there except children.  Have you been up there? - I told you, no. Can't be too careful. There are men out there looking for that British airmen with guns. Police and soldiers everywhere. They see something moving in the woods and bang.  Your mother doesn't want you carried home on a stretcher.  Let me see your hands.  Look at the state of them. Go and wash them before you come to the table.  What's for dinner? - A surprise. Wait and see.  For you. Well, take it.  And what do you say? - Thank you But you are not to open it before dinner understood? Gotta save it for after the meal.  I thought I was supposed to give you chocolate.  It's German army chocolate for the troops. I got it from a German soldier.  He doesn't know about me, does he? - No, of course not.  I'm sorry it's only water.  - Water's fine.  How's your leg? - Not good. Do you think you can contact somebody today?  Somebody who knows somebody in the resistance.  I'll try. I'll do my best.  - Good lad.  Dornes, What are you doing? - Nothing, mademoiselle. I can see that. And why are you doing nothing? Why aren't you doing something like the rest of the class?  Give that to me.  Come on I didn't tell any of you to put your pens down. Get on with your work.  Where did you get this?  - No Mademoiselle, I found it. I've always had it.  Dornes, I asked you a straightforward question and I require a straightforward answer. Where did you get this? Now, have you been struck dumb?  Quiet in the class. And be still. Put your books away. Without a sound and leave the room. Quiet like mice,  Not you Dornes. Stay where you are.  Now Jean-Paul.  It is Jean-Paul, isn't it?  - Yes. Good Well Jean-Paul, I want you to tell me where this came from.  Tell him, Jean-Paul. He thinks it might belong to someone he's looking for...Someone who needs help. A boy? A 10-year-old boy? - Yes.  He found the airman on his way home from school.  We'll have to send someone down there tonight. We can't afford to leave it to a boy.  Well, so far he seems to have managed exceptionally well. He's moved him from the barn to the quarry and he's taking food to him.  Besides, he stands far more chance than anyone we might send.  They won't look twice at a small boy playing in the woods. No, we'll pick him up tomorrow. - She's right Albert But it's not fair on the boy.  What about the sergeant's leg?  Why wait till tomorrow night?  Because we're not going tomorrow night, we're bringing him down from the quarry in broad daylight.  Through the woods? Across the fields? It is impossible.  You've got a plan Lisa? Albert, do you know where we can get a couple of horses from by the morning?  What do you want horses for? Someone going riding?  - Me, for one. I'd like to see you try.  - Well you will Albert. The second horse is for you.  It's good this what's it called?  - Boudin. Moudin? - Boudin. Black pudding. I won't be able to see you after tonight.  Are you coming tomorrow?  They told me not too. Well, he did. My contact.  He said I was to bring you food tonight and after tonight I'm not to see you again.  Well, I suppose they know best, the resistance. But isn't fair is it? Them telling me what to do. It was me that found you.  Well, it's like that in war.  Taking orders now.  When I grow up. I'm going to be one of the resistance leaders. I'm going to give the orders.  Your badge. I have to give it back.  - You keep it.  Souvenir. Can I?  - Course you can Goodbye, Sergeant Howson.  Bonne chance. Yeah, good luck to you too kid.  Thanks a lot.  Karl. Over there. That's true, Sir. I said to the trade selection officer.  I was a labourer before I got called up, but I want to better myself before I go out.  That's right.  You did right to tell him. Let the army teach you a trade. Take advantage.  So I put down for driver mechanic. Seemed a good thing to go in for.  There'll be jobs for drivers when the war's finished.  Oh, it's a good job to have, driving.  When Elsa got killed.  Friday night it was, when the bomb dropped.  They sent me home on leave to sort things out, but there was nothing to be sorted. You couldn't even tell where the house had been.  The whole street was gone. Shook me seeing it, I don't mind telling you.  And when I got back from leave, I had to take this test  and I passed the driving, but I failed on the mechanical. I didn't mind all that much. It didn't seem to matter.  I was the opposite.  When the telegram came about Henri, saying that he was dead, suddenly all the unimportant things seemed important. You know the first thing I did? I boiled a kettle on the fire, and I got down on my hands, and knees and I scrubbed that house from top to bottom and I washed all the curtains, changed all the sheets.  I had to do something. I sat for hours and stared at a blank wall in the barracks.  I had nothing. At least you have the boy to live for.  You have a life to live for yourself. You want to put in to take that test again.  How's the leg? - Not good. I can't walk on it. You don't have to. We've got to move you out of here. Can you stand the pain?  - I managed to drag myself up here.  Alright, now I'm gonna stick it going down with you to help me.  - You're going to be carried.  Is it broken, do you think? No. Nasty jagged cut and it's deep. Might be some bits of glass in it,  but I don't think it's broken.  What a pity. - Why? Never mind, we just have to make it look as if it's broken. I'm going to look for some splint.  Here. - What's this? A razor, shaving cream... We've got to make you look presentable. before we show you off in public.  What you want me to do?  - Just lie there.  Yeah, look as though you're unconscious. Just open your eyes and moan every now and then. Do you think you can do that? You stick around and I'll give you an Academy Award performance.  This isn't a joke sergeant. Remember there are people risking their lives on your behalf.  Help. Help.  - What's wrong? Can you help? It's my friend he's fallen off his horse he's broken his leg.  Whereabouts fraulein?  - It's this way I've done all I can, but I need help to move him.  Down here, Corporal. You did very well.  I did First aid classes. Do you think he's gonna be alright?  He's still unconscious. He must have struck his head too, as he fell.  You did very well.  I did first aid classes.  Do you think he's gonna be alright?  You probably know that better than me. What can we do?  Shall I go back to the road and see if I can find someone to telephone for an ambulance? I don't want to waste time. I wondered if we could manage to carry him down as far as the road and I could beg for a lift from there.  We can use this. It's alright, we'll get you to a doctor soon.  They say a lorry will come soon. And when it comes, it will take you to Brussels.  Danke schon. Now we are in trouble. Last thing we wanted to lift from the Luftwaffe when our own van is due any minute.  I just pray it gets here in time. Here he comes. Finally. What happened? An accident?  My friend's fallen off his horse. He's broken his leg.  We're on our way to Brussels.  Can we do anything to help?  Can you take him with you. I, I've got the horses to see to. Yes, yes, of course. The search is completed. - And they found nothing? No, I'm afraid not. Still, it was worth a try.  It was worth nothing of the kind. It wasn't worth the effort, nor the time.  The entire operation was a ludicrous waste. You really believe that?  - Frankly, yes, I do.  I still think it was the right decision. We arrest one evader, or the whole line.  You're entitled to your own opinion. It's unfortunate that my report will show only the loss of one evader.  Come in quickly.  Now first we'll have a look at that leg of yours. Here are some gentlemen I'm sure you'll be glad to see. This way.  Where did you get this? Well? Tell me Jean-Paul.  I found it. I've always had it.  It was given to me  - I'm waiting for the truth.  Can we talk later Ma I promised to go out and play No Jean-Paul. You're going to tell me how you came by this badge. If it means we stay in this room until Christmas Day,  Now you sit down there and you do not move until I get the truth.  Well gentlemen, this is the new arrival.  Where have you been hiding yourself away? We've been playing solo for a fortnight now, with a dummy hand.  No, mama. - You don't know what you've done Jean-Paul. If you had left the man there in the barn where you found him, came away, said nothing.  Did you help him Jean-Paul? You're too young to understand, but it's war. It's not a game. You could be shot.  It's true, they could stand you up against the wall and shoot you Jean-Paul I've got no choice. I must tell someone.  I'm going to go to the barracks. He'll tell us the best thing to do. He's a German. He's a good man.  He's a German. He'll find a way for the airman to be captured and for you to be kept out of this.  They'll find the sergeant. They'll kill him.  No, Jean-Paul, they'll put him in a camp. That's all they'll do. He'll be with his friends.  That's what I can't get you to understand. If we don't do something quickly, it's you they'll kill, no one else.  Now you stay there till I get back.  Do you hear what I'm saying Jean-Paul? You're not to leave this room.  Candide. Yes, Albert. For God's sake Sergeant. What possessed you to let him keep the badge? I didn't think... - Obviously you didn't think.  He helped me. So I was grateful to the boy. I wanted to give him something to remember me by.  - You've given him cause to remember you alright. You've forced us to kill the poor little kid's mother that's what you're done.  Handing out souvenirs to school kids.  What did you think you were doing?  "Per ardua ad astra", was it?  A war hero out of a schoolboy comic. No, sir. Sir, does he think it's all my fault? - Why is it important to him whose fault it was.  He's 10 years old. His mother's dead, and he's an orphan. That's all that's important to him. And your involvement Sergeant is only important to you so that you can feel sorry for yourself. Luckily, for all our sakes, he believes his mother was killed in an accident.  I didn't just come here to bawl you out. Doctor Kelderman's asked me to talk to you.  Sir? You're going to have to lose a leg from beneath the knee. I'm sorry.  When's all that gonna happen then?  A couple of days. If all goes well.  If all goes well? - Yes, we're sending you along the line. You're going home.  Home with a gammy leg? How?  By ambulance at first we'll get you to Namur, where you'll have an operation. When you're well the Maquis will ship you into Switzerland.  The other three chaps will go with you as attendants with the guide as driver.  We're fixing papers for the morning.  Good luck. What about the boy?  I don't know Sergeant. My job is aircrew, not orphans.  Morning Jean-Paul. It's about your mother dear.  They brought her home see? From the hospital. For the funeral, tomorrow. Is it alright if they bring her in?  Jean-Paul, are you ready? What have we stopped for? - The guide went off to do a Jimmy Riddle. Is that all? Close the door. I've got a smashing hand here The lav is only there, and he's been gone 10 minutes. In there. It's empty. He's done a bunk. Look. Get in. What was all that about? - Change of guide, that's all. Abundance. Not to worry. We're on our way now old son. Thank you. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 