Secret Army: Season 1, Episode 4 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Secret Army 
 s1e4 - Child's Play - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Secret Army (1977–1979): Season 1, Episode 4 - Child's Play - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 I have been sent from Berlin to give you a dressing down. - Yes Sir. RAF airmen are still escaping. - Yes, Sir. - Berlin is very concerned. On the other hand, I think that all things considered, we are not doing too badly. Most of them don't escape. Please sit down. Thank you sir. You have read this. - Yes, it came for my comments. But I don't know the background. I'll tell you. It was written by one James P. Ames. An American airman who volunteered for the Royal Air Force on the outbreak of war. I suppose he pretended he was a Canadian, like the others. He was shot down somewhere over Belgium. He was then smuggled out through Spain. It must have taken some time because he'd been injured. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 When he got back to England, they had to amputate an arm. He then went home to America. I suppose he must have been some kind of local celebrity. Anyway, this Saturday Evening Post approached him for his story. This thing. Written obviously with the help of a ghost writer. Yes. It reads quite well. It arrived at the Saturday Evening Post. The British intelligence people got to hear about it, panicked and stopped it being published. How did we get it sir? The British aren't the only people with an intelligence organization in America. What do you make of it? Well, it's been altered. He says at the beginning I've changed the names of people and places and altered descriptions. Many brave men and women risked their lives to help me escape, and I must protect them from the Nazis as they protected me. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 On the other hand, he's a bit naive. - Go on Major. - I think he's given away more than he knows. Albert. - Lisa - Coffee please. How's Andrée? - Oh, just the same as usual. Another? - eh? Would you like another beer? Thank you. Good day.. One beer, one hour. Now you've been here an hour and a half. Can't I just sit here? - I'm sorry it's getting near the time when I'm busy. Give my regards to your wife. - Yes I will. Both of them. Flight Lieutenant Daly, Sergeant Wright? - Yes  - Come with me please. Get me Oberst Stoph. He'll be at his hotel by now. Oberst Stoph? It's Major Brandt, Sir. Yes, yes, I'm still working at it. Thank you Sir. I think I've found a number of possibilities. Well, what I'd really like is permission to go down to the Spanish border area. Now I think I could work out where the actual frontier crossing is if I was given enough time... Well yes, it would mean being away from my work here, but... Yes sir. That's very kind of you. Oh no, of course, I'll put in a full report. Yes sir. Good night. That is exactly what you don't do. At no time do you pretend to understand anyone who speaks to you in German. That won't be difficult. - The only language you understand is Serbo Croat. But suppose we meet someone who speaks Serbo Croat. Then you've been very unlucky. Now, what is it you say? Which means? - We're both Yugoslav workers. Yes, and where are you going to work? Saint-Nazaire. If anyone asks you anything more, you go back to your two sentences. Nothing more? - No, nothing more. I'll be with you on the train for the whole journey. Don't look at me. You understand? Don't ever look at me. I'll be keeping an eye on you. Good evening, gentlemen. The usual? Do you get many of us out? I mean, what are our chances? Very good. We got 32 out last month and 18 the month before. They took my watch. They gave me this one instead. - They took mine as well. I suppose... It would be difficult for a Yugoslav worker to explain away an English watch. There are Germans in the café. Four, but they're quite a bit drunk. Now Monique has a curfew pass. You haven't. So keep about 10 meters behind. - What if we're stopped? There's a plant making cylinder. It's just down the street. In eight minutes the shifts change, so there'd be a lot of workers. Just mix in with them. - And wherever I go, you follow, at 10 meters, alright? - Right. Wait. Go now. Go on. Good night, Pierre. I was terrified in case a German spoke to us. Remember that bloke on the train with a big moustache. He kept offering us things to eat. he had a ...cut with a knife. I couldn't understand a word he was saying. Would you like some of this? I made it myself. You answer that. Just stay still. Sssh. Sophie, Flight Officer Daly How you doing maam, thank you charged. - and Sergeant Wright. - Pleased to meet you. Come into the kitchen and meet my sister. This is my sister, Madeline. How do you do? - How do you do. How do you do ma'am. - How do you do? I'm Pete Daley Pilot Officer this is Sergeant Tommy Wright. - Hello. George Baker only everyone calls me Bert for some reason. I'm Billy Hopkins. Sergeant. Billy hello. Did you come on the train then? Sophie, where did those two men come from? Well dear they... When did they arrive? I'll answer that. Give them some of your wretched cake. Can you tell me where they came from? Albert telephoned. Chirac's House has been raided by the Bosch. There was there was nowhere else to send those two. Justin brought them here half an hour ago. Have you checked up on them? - No, I haven't. You mean you just accepted them? Well Justin said they were alright. - What about Chirac? I don't know. - I'll have to telephone Albert. My mother always used to make it for us on Sundays. It was so nice then. It's absolutely delicious. - Smashing. You speak very good English, Madame. You've been to England? Oh many times. Madeline and I used to go regularly every September to Eastbourne. - Eastbourne's lovely... Lovely place. It made such a nice change. Lovely beaches... - I hated Eastbourne. Well, do you know if the stray cats have their vaccination certificates? Alright, alright I'll check. Albert? Albert? Are you still there? Yes good. Look, how long ago was it they were found? Do you know? Well if it was only a couple of days. Are they house trained? Alright, I'll do my best. Bye. Now, would you prefer red wine with the cassoulet? We could open a bottle of white. Whatever is easier. - We're keeping that for Christmas. Can I see the papers you've been given please? Is everything satisfactory? - Yes, Madeline. I'm sorry if I appeared angry but we just have to be so careful. - Yes, I know. Sofie, is supper ready? - It will be in a few minutes. Well your room is ready. It's the same one. Here are your papers. They're alright. Now you four. You come with me, I'll show you the bathroom. - Right? I do hope they can stay a little longer than the last boys. We hardly had a chance to get to know them at all. Whatever happened to the one with curly hair and the gap between his two front teeth? Do you remember the day when we all.... - He was shot. Come. Come in. Major Brandt? - Yes. I am inspector Malaud. I'm told you wanted to see me? Yes, of course. I'm, I'm sorry I wasn't... Please come come in. How much you paying for this. - 20 francs a week. It's a lot. About right for a German. How much would you expect to pay? - 10? Would you like some coffee? - I'd prefer a cognac if you have it. Yes, of course. Your health. My health is lousy. I have a patch on one lung. Tell me, do you know why I'm here? - No, not really. Nobody bothers to tell the French police anything nowadays. Allied prisoners, British airmen mostly, are escaping into Spain all along this frontier. - Of course. It's my job stopping them. Well you haven't a chance. Some of them will always get through. Perhaps, but too many are getting through. That depends whose side you're on. You know I'm from Paris. I don't suppose you expected to find a Parisian in charge down here? No, no I didn't. The police who get posted to the Spanish frontier are the ones who won't fit in. If you're so stupid that even your superiors manage to notice it, then they send you here. Well, they think that the smugglers are always going to succeed, so they might just as well have a competent man where they might actually be useful. And in your case? Well if they resent you. If they think you're too clever by half then they send you here to break you. But surely most of the police are local? - Oh yes, and corrupt. They're in league with the smugglers. Well why shouldn't they be? A smuggler will pay more for one tip off than a policeman will earn legally in six months. Arms, whiskey cigarettes. At the moment it happens to be men. Do you expect to be sent back to Paris? - I hope to. I don't expect anything. Anyway, at the moment I'd rather be here. Paris has lost everything it ever had. Down here they never had anything to lose. Well now, are you prepared to help me? - Catch smugglers, yes of course. No, catch British airmen. - Airmen I don't care about, but smugglers, yes. I see. Tell me, what do you know about our local smugglers? Not as much as I'd like to. - People think that they're romantic. And they're not. They're vicious, squalid and greedy. Above all, they are greedy. You know, if you lose the war and you want to get smuggled out into Spain, just let me know. I can find someone to get you across the frontier. For money, of course. It'll be the same man who's smuggling across those airmen that you're talking about. I was told they dislike Germans. - Well, they do. They do. But they dislike missing the chance of making money even more. Do you know who your local smugglers are? On the frontier, every man, woman, and child are smugglers. But the professional ones, they're Basques mostly. Oh yes, that is. That is actually what brought me down here. It's an article written for an American magazine. It's about how an airman escaped into Spain. The author's tried to disguise where he was and who helped him, but... ...I think he said enough to give us a few clues. Let me give you an example. Oh yes. For instance, he says here it took them just under 2 hours from the time they left the house they were staying in until they crossed the frontier. So that must mean that the house was at most...10 kilometers from the frontier? Walking, were they? - No, climbing, he says. It'll be nothing like 10 kilometres. Be 4 or 5 at the most. The paths these smugglers use, they're goat tracks really. Well now they were all the time in occupied France, so that now leaves an area of...50 kilometers by 5. And you expect to find a house when you don't know where it is within an area of 250 square kilometres? No, but in all that area there only about 30 villages. The house was on the edge of a village. And didn't he give you his name? - Ah yes, he did, but it's a made up name. Can I take this? - Why? I'll have it copied. I can let you have it back tomorrow. Do you think it's possible to work out where they crossed? Where they stayed the night? I don't know. Haven't read it yet. If you catch any airmen, I want 1000 francs for each one. I daresay that can be arranged. As long as it's your work that catches them. I'm quite sure it won't be anyone else's. What if we catch any smugglers? - Basques? Oh, I won't charge you for Basques. That's pleasure. French smugglers? I don't take German money for catching French. Monsieur Colbert, Madame. How nice of you to call. Madame Foiret would be so delighted to see you. Come this way. Forgive me Madame. Gaston, we need German auspass documents sometime soon. I presume you wish to speak to my husband privately. Perhaps I might go upstairs and see Madame Foiret? Yes, of course. Do go straight up. I'm sorry Gaston. Do sit down. We have a problem. The children with Le Loup are going to Switzerland tomorrow afternoon. Claude has no documents for them. They're posing as foreign laborers going to Besançon. We need 6 German auspass documents. Can you help? Six? Well possibly. - First thing in the morning? I'll try, but, they should... - Thank you. Can I pick them up from you outside the Cafe Max at 10:30? OK. Put them inside your newspapers before you go. - Give me the names. Then he says suddenly to my left, there was a sheer drop where the mountainside disappeared into the darkness. Now there is a path that the smugglers use. As you can see, that's on the North side of the mountain. That would mean that the drop would be on the right and not on the left. Could it have been around here? Well, the next bit says far below us a pair of headlights crawled along the zigzag road. German said my guide tersely. Now I think that's going to be the road which reaches the frontier here at Arnéguy. You can see there aren't any other roads around for about 15 kilometres. The Germans don't use these other roads because they just lead up to mountain villages and the Arnéguy road would fit in with the time they took. Well, that's starting at night? - Well, late at night. Smugglers don't like to run the risk of bumping into the odd drunken German soldier. Yes, now there's something very important about the sun. Oh yeah. The sun's first rays fell on the outstretched arm of our guide. Down there, he said is Spain. Then 20 minutes later we staggered into the deserted streets of Padoma. It's a made up name, a small town set in the valley. I could have cried when I saw the advertisements in Spanish. Yes, well, if it really does mean 20 minutes, then they were well inside Spain when the sun's first rays fell on the outstretched arms of his guide. Yes, well, now that time of year. The sun would rise at 4:30. It's later down here. But it takes time to climb up over these mountains. But if this Padoma place really was in a valley, then they must have crossed the frontier at least two hours before. - Yes. Also, they could see the ocean. As we breasted the top of the pass, there directly ahead of us were the cold waters of the Atlantic Ocean, glittering in the dawn air. So the pass is heading due North. Well, they must have been 20 or 30 kilometres inland. You can still see the Atlantic from there if you're over 2000 meters up. But if you go further inland then all you can see are just the tops of other mountains. And finally, there's the river. The river that shone below us seemed to me like an arrow pointing West, to liberty and to home. Yes, well that has to be the Bidasoa. You can see that runs West before it turns North into the sea. Well, I think they started somewhere within that area there, yes? - Yes. Assuming, of course, the American didn't make the whole thing up. - Yes, assuming that. I shouldn't think there are more than I,500 houses in that area. Not counting the odd hut on the mountains. - Well, he has described the house a little. I've sent a message to the police in the area asking for details of any house answering the description. What did you say? I just said that we'd heard that such a house was being used for smuggling. What else? Andre seems very depressed. Perhaps Albert should devote more time to her and less to... other things. Well, I'm afraid the cafe needs attending to. Albert won't be very long. Please excuse me. Now you've hurt her. I can't see why? - Please, my dear, you're not usually so obtuse. Gaston, I want you to stop all this... please. Think of me sometimes. Whenever you're away longer than expected, I go through agonies. Same with Lisa. We hardly ever see her these days. What's she doing? Alice would never forgive me if she knew. Gaston, how can you let her? Your own brother's daughter? Louise, listen to me. I purposely told you nothing, so you're not involved. Lisa is 24. She must do as she thinks fit. I have no right to interfere. My dear, would you have me ignore our country's suffering? And just accept these barbarians? Yes. Yes, Gaston. Alright, now, what do you make of the descriptions of the people that helped them escape. We have Doctor Marette. Described as tall fair haired and elderly. The nearest Marette lives in Bayonne. He's a florist. And then his wife Francoise describes petite and two children. No sex is given, but they were asleep in bed when the American arrived. He arrived in time for supper, described the meal, so presumably they were quite young to be in bed by then. And then there's a Basque guide described as tough, wiry and unshaven. Well, that's a stock figure. It could be anybody. And finally, the man with the furniture van, who helped them on the last lap to the doctor's house. Now he's described as young, fair with a mustache. Tell me, how many fair haired men have you seen since you've been down here? You know I think there are fewer fair haired men around here and there are negroes. and I've only twice seen a negro. But of course, if a criminal does want to confuse the police sometimes, well he sometimes describes people as being exactly the opposite of what they really are. Well, that's one way, at least in which you can be consistent. So perhaps we ought to think that our Doctor Marette is really small, dark, young. That would fit in better with the young children anyway. An elderly doctor's less likely to have them. Petite Francoise will probably be big. Probably even bigger than her husband. Agreed. Now also, the American writes about having to visit a patient. I mean, I mean the doctor having to visit a patient. Otherwise, the people in the village would have been suspicious you remember? So presumably, he is a doctor of medicine. Uh, perhaps. Well how many doctors are there in the area? - Four or five. Can you check it? - Yes, but not through the police. They'd only get back if I started asking questions about doctors. And if you are right about the descriptions, a man with the furniture van... They don't use furniture vans around here, just any lorry that happens to be available. So I think we should be looking for a lorry driven by an old, dark and almost certainly clean shaven man. Right. Let's go. The man who owns this farm doesn't know about you. As soon as I've gone, make sure there's nobody about. Then down to the end of the track through the gate and into the field. It's opposite the barn, the gate, but it's in full view of anybody working in the orchard, so be careful. - I'm sorry, you'll have to excuse me. Once you're through the gate, there is a hedge on your left which hides you. Follow the hedge until you come to a stream at the bottom. - Understood. Down the track. Right through the gate opposite keep to the hedge on the left and there's a stream. Walk along the stream. If you keep in it, it is a half a meter deep at most, then you cannot be seen. - Yeah. Which direction? - The right. The way the stream flows. After about 400 meters, there is a picket gate and a path on your left. Go through there and in 300 meters you come to the back of the house. They are expecting you. - Got it. Good luck. Last lap now. You know we didn't thank that Froggie. - There wasn't time. All the same I think we should have thanked him. - We'll thank him after the war. Come on. And now there's still far too many possibilities. - Let's narrow it down. - How? Which house has been buying more food than usual? On the ration? On the black market? Doesn't matter which  Has there been more activity than you'd expect? Who's had visitors from outside the area? Shouldn't be difficult. - No, but it would all take time. - Of course. We know it was an old house. Every time the old oak door below me creaked open, my heart jumped down my throat. my heart leapt into my mouth. Was it the Gestapo? An old house and more than one storey. - Or not. Did you check on the doctors? - Yes, there are four doctors in this area. Five if you include Saint Engrace. Now three of them have built their own houses within the past 10 years. The fourth lives in a bungalow, so there's no loft and the 5th. Well the 5th is a Bachelor. No wife, no children, at least not around here. And that's all? - Well, there is old Doctor Paquette. - Paquette? Married? He's retired. He's an eccentric. Lives by himself and breeds butterflies. Well, this is a bit about the German. As the German walked up the path, not only the dogs barked in protest, but the cars started bellowing too. It was as if the whole place was protesting against the conquest of their beloved country. Yes, I noticed that. Well, how many people around here keep cows? - Just about everyone. Except doctors. Well, it's hardly hygienic is it? A doctor keeping a cow? He keeps pigs too. Isn't there something in there about eating a pork chop and trying to forget that two days before the supplier of my chop had woken me at dawn, grunting below my little window. And I presume he doesn't mean that the doctor was grunting at dawn. So Marette isn't a doctor. - Alright, then, what about this? As I turned to leave Doctor or a doctor Merritt pressed a package into my hand. Crisp French bread and fresh farm butter that had been given him ... It saves taxes. A lot of the peasants pay their bills that way, even to doctors. You just said he isn't a doctor. - And that's right, and he isn't a farmer either. Farmers around here don't go around giving each other butter and wine. Well, what else is there? He can't be a shopkeeper. Not with cows and pigs. A peasant. A fairly rich peasant. - Perhaps? In my experience, mind you, I'm speaking as a Parisian, but in my experience, the French peasant is selfish, greedy, grasping and avaricious. No, it would be a most unusual peasant had helped to hide an escaping prisoner, except of course for a very large sum of money. The American wasn't even a relative. They do sometimes hide relatives. Of course they still charge them, but slightly less. So we're back where we started? I wouldn't say that. One, two, three.. - Scissors wins from paper. One,two, three. Now 25-26. One,two, three. 26-26. Why don't they do something? - They probably are. They might tell us. Day after bloody day. Shut up. They told us to... - Be quiet. - No one can hear us. That door must remain closed. - Don't worry. Do you have to go? No, I don't have to. Stay with me tonight. - No. Why not? I'm tired of creeping upstairs. I am tired of being secretive. Albert. - Yes, yes, I know. Why don't you come back with me? I can't leave her tonight. Can you ever? Goodnight. Alright. Alright. I thought Germans never slept. - What do you want? Well, I know where the house is. Where is it? How much is it worth? Oh yeah, I've been on to Berlin. It's all agreed 1000 francs for each airmen. Yes, well, I wouldn't be surprised if the British wouldn't pay even more not to tell you. That's a decision that I've got to make. Who's more likely to win the war? There's no question of who's going to win the war. Oh, you think so? Well I only know who's gonna lose it and that's France. The future of France is as an ally of Germany. - And the thousand year Reich? - Yes. Yes. Well, I don't expect to live for 1000 years, and if France is going to be an ally of Germany, I don't think that I particularly want to. I demand that you tell me that address. - You are not in a position to demand anything. It was agreed. - I can change my mind. They're growing back now, but the Gestapo pulled them out for me. I'm a Luftwaffe officer, not Gestapo. They wanted to know the name of a man who'd knifed a German seaman. But I didn't tell them. Did you know it? - Perhaps. You see, I'm a patriotic Frenchman. But the question is what is France? - I don't know what you mean. What I mean is, is France a self appointed stiff necked Brigadier living in London, who thinks he's the reincarnation of Joan of Arc? Or is France a geriatric hero surrounded by crooks down here in Vichy? Personally, I don't think that it's either. You said you would help me. -To catch smugglers, yes. Not airmen. It's alright, I will help you. You can have the money as soon as the airmen are taken. - I don't want the money. Well, what do you want? Oh, just a little souvenir. Like this. That is part of my uniform. - Well surely you can always get another one? I might even put it in a picture frame next to a cross of Lorraine that someone once gave me. And there is one other thing. I'll make any arrests. Is that understood? Why? - Because any French citizen resident  in the area of my sub prefecture is going to be tried by a French court and not a German one. Smuggling is a civil offence. The Gestapo will want to interrogate them. - The Gestapo will not be involved. Destroying the escape lines is a Gestapo responsibility. You suffer from the great German defect of never seeming able to listen to what other people are saying. Now, I haven't mentioned escape routes. So if there are other people there from different parts of France, then what happens to them is up to you. But I mean you, and not the Gestapo. All right. I won't inform them. I'm not doing this to help the Germans. I'm doing it to prove to the people who posted me here, and they're trying to humiliate me, that I am capable of curbing smuggling, which none of them managed to do. I understand. So French smugglers are mine, Basque smugglers are mine. Any RAF men or French resistance people from outside this area. They're yours. If you catch any. I accept your terms. Now where is it? Here. Next to the last house on the road leading North out of Bidarray. The owner's name is Pierre Gérard Cuvillier. Used to be a socialist deputy once. Wife's called Cecile and they've got two children. Both of the Infant School at... You're sure of this? - From what it said in the manuscript, the time it took with the house... We can't afford mistakes. All this, you know it's not proof.. - I know. And he isn't a doctor? He's a vet. His wife was out shopping and she has bought more food than usual. She also bought 4 pairs of espadrilles. Rope soled shoes they use for climbing in the mountains. - They have children? Yes, but these were large sizes. They were larger than her husband takes. I have checked. How much longer are we going to be here? What are you laughing at? I dreamed that the war was over. Only nobody told us. That's why. Damn it we're only a couple of miles from the Spanish frontier. Can it be that difficult to get over? Let's give them one more day. If there's still no joy after that, we'll slope off after it's dark and damn the guides. Yes, just head due West. It's no problem. We wouldn't....have a hope. So if we move up about midnight, we could leave the transport down the road and do the rest on foot. Yes, but will still need a couple of dozen men to surround the place. We'll just have to wait for extra men to get here from Dax.  No. - Sir? - We're going now. We can only raise half a dozen men. There'll be some Germans with us. Should be enough. I didn't think we'd be moving so quickly. - Nor does anyone else. That's why we're doing it. So if someone is taking some money on the side, he won't have time to gossip about will he? Lacoste, I want you to organize a lorry for the prisoners and would you just make sure that you do it without letting the whole of the station know about it?  - Right. And there's one other thing. Now we're there to arrest smugglers.  If there's anyone else there from outside this area, British or French, it doesn't matter which. Then they're not our concern. What happens to them is up to the Germans. And if you see a German mistreating any French resident from this area,  then you have my permission to step in and stop them. In any way you like. Is that understood? - Yes Sir. - Right. Are we going? - Yes, you're leaving tonight. You'll leave just before midnight, and that's when I'll introduce you to your guide. From then on you do exactly as he says. - Of course. So you've been doing your exercises, I've been told. - Well, sort of. If you haven't, you'll will be very tired by the time you get to Spain and the guide won't wait for any of you. We'll be alright. Wear these clothes I brought and everything else you've got. In the mountains, you can get frostbite even at this time of the year. You'll be given food and water to take with you. I'll give you the money for the guide. You give it to him, the moment he hands you over to the next courier. In Spain, not before.  Don't you you trust him? - I trust him to take you across, but I don't want him to think he'll ever get paid unless he does his job properly. Now, if I were you two, I'd try taking things a bit more seriously. Better all get some rest. It's only just after two. - Yes, but your watch is bust. No, it's working. - It must be later than that. It's 2:00 o'clock. You're early. - Where's the money? I'll pay you when they're across, not before.  - You pay me now. The Germans are here with the French police. There's two of them. - They're coming here. Five, six, seven.. What next? - Germans. Come on. - We can't just leave them. Give me the money. We can buy our way out. Come on. And the family? - The police have their names anyway. They won't be shot at. Who is more important. You? Or a few evaders? What about us? - Keep quiet. But the Jerries are here. - Trust me. You've got to trust me. Wég there. WII you dead? Raise your hands, please. Lacoste Halt. Come with me. They sold us out. - No one sold you out. Now collect your things. Out. Take this. Take it. What are you doing? Friends and favors cost money. Now Maurice knows we're here somewhere. If there's no money, he will betray us. I am going to pay him. Why should I trust you? - Same reason they trusted you. There's no alternative. I'll do that. Join the others. Anything? No, sir. Come on. Now we just wait, until we are sure they have all gone. Probably safe now you want to risk it? - Yes. Let's move out through the barn. So it was you Baroja. And you've got a pretty young lady with you too. How much did you pay Maurice? As much as that? I'm sorry about your friends. I wouldn't worry about them too much if I was you. In Gestapo hands? -No, they won't be visiting the Gestapo. The German officer's given me his word on it. - And you believe it? In this particular case, yes, I do. We have, we have an understanding. What happens now? Well, I'm going into Biarritz. Would you like a lift to the railway station? There's nothing to worry about, you're quite safe. And Baroja?. - I haven't seen him...this time. And I do mean this time. Will they be interrogated? - Yes of course. Not in the way you mean, and I doubt if any of them will give you away. - Couldn't you have just left them there? Bad luck, I'm afraid. It's going to be your problem. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 