The Food That Built America: Season 1, Episode 3 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 The Food That Built America 
 s1e3 - The Spoils of War - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 The Food That Built America (2019–…): Season 1, Episode 3 - The Spoils of War - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 - Previously on "The Food That Built America." A trailblazing businesswoman. - Sorry to keep you waiting. - Took the reins of her father's cereal company. And shrewdly recognized the genius of inventor Clarence Birdseye. - I'm not interested in owning three quarters of anything. - Together, they brought frozen food to America and created an empire. Now, chocolate magnate Milton Hershey faces a new threat from within. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 - It's chaos out there. Someone's gonna get killed. - While a power struggle. - I want 30%. - Tears candy titans Frank and Forrest Mars apart. - This is my company. - 30% or I walk out that door! - And a surprising alliance leads to one of the most popular chocolate candies on earth. And as America goes through radical changes, two bold innovators rise to new challenges, transforming the restaurant kitchen into an assembly line that will make millions 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 and create a battle for the McDonald's dynasty. - Start working! - And a maverick Kentucky businessman fights to carve out his legacy, going from a gas station kitchen to an American icon. - For nearly 25 years, the Hershey Company has been the most lucrative candy maker in the nation, with profits from the Hershey Bar, Hershey's Syrup, and the Hershey's Kiss growing every single year. From $1,000,000 in sales in 1906 to over 20 million by 1920, the modern equivalent of more than 250 million. Turning milk chocolate from an unknown luxury into an everyday American staple. - Hershey, this guy who marketed chocolate as an affordable indulgence and gets a ton of money and lives this success. It's really very much the story of American industry, it just happens to be the industry of the milk chocolate bar. And I think that that's something easy to overlook. - Milton Hershey was very famous by this point in time. He was the wealthiest man in all of Pennsylvania. And he really was the one who popularized confection in America, who understood that candy should be for everybody. And he wanted to reward his employees for their hard work. He built the town of Hershey, a town with all the best that a community could offer. Swimming pools and theaters and all kinds of community activities. - The Hershey Bar is one of the most popular luxuries in an era of wealth and excess called the roaring 20s, driven by an economic boom in the aftermath of the First World War. - The United States is in many ways the great victor of World War I. American factories had become what fed and clothed the world. New York has become the financial center of the world. The 1920s are a period of incredible American prosperity. This is a period of conspicuous consumption. - The stock market was going, profits were going. People were feeling they were rich and this is the way it's gonna be. This idea came to a crushing end in the autumn of 1929. - In October 1929, after a decade of unprecedented growth, the stock market plummets over 25% in just two days, with total losses over $30 billion. Eventually, almost half of US banks fail and tens of thousands of businesses go bankrupt, triggering the Great Depression. - Within just a few short years, more than 1/4 of Americans are unemployed. This is still a time when there's largely single earner homes. Therefore, we might be talking about the half the country having no effective income coming into their household. This is really a dire economic strike. - The Hershey Company sales crash by a devastating 50%. And the easiest way to cut costs is to reduce the massive 3,000 person workforce that lives in Hershey, Pennsylvania, a reality not lost on Hershey's second in command, William Murrie. - It was William Murrie's job to make sure that the factory was operating to its best potential. He was the one who made sure the trains ran on time, he was the one who made sure that the workers were there. - It ever worry you that we're responsible for keeping food on their tables? - Yeah, especially now. To tell you the truth, forecasts don't look good. - I know. But I don't care. I don't wanna lay off a single worker. - Are you insane? If we see even a 20% decrease-- - We have to find another way to make it work. - If you'll just look at the bottom line, there's no chance-- - Find another way. - Industries are drying up and small towns across the country are just feeling the hit. Hershey was really worried about the quality of life for the people in the town. He did not want that to happen in Hershey. His dream was to create a community. Beyond that, his dream is creating a legacy. - Bent on preserving his utopia, Milton Hershey is determined not to lay off a single worker. Against William Murrie's advice. Just a year after the stock market crash, things get even worse. Severe drought hits overfarmed land, kicking up 12 million pounds of dirt in storms called black blizzards, crippling American agriculture. - The Great Depression is compounded in many ways by an environmental crisis as well. The famous Dust Bowl, where the entire top level of productive soil throughout most of the Midwest blows away. The farms are no longer usable until the dirt comes back. - In a national disaster, Hershey sees an opportunity. One of his most recent creations, the Mr. Goodbar, is packed with peanuts. - Yeah. These are good. - In a stroke of genius, he markets the bar as a protein-rich meal and sells two bars for a nickel, the same low price as one. - Milton Hershey used to advertise that the nutrition in a bar of Hershey's Chocolate was the equivalent of a pound of meat. When people can't afford food but they can still afford a nickel chocolate bar, they're gonna spend their money and get something to eat. And then other candy makers copied some of the same ideas. There was a candy bar called a Chicken Dinner. And there was a candy bar that was called Lunch Bar. People did turn to confections to help fill their stomachs. - Hershey's brilliant strategy works just in time and he's able to keep the company afloat. He's forced to reduce hours and cancel bonuses but unlike nearly every other company during the Depression, he avoids layoffs. - When the Great Depression begins, Milton Hershey is somewhat of an anomaly because he takes steps to ensure that the workers in his factory town actually are still gonna be able to enjoy a relatively high degree of living. - You're doing a great job so far. - Hershey saw himself as a benevolent man, as somebody who's actually a champion of his employees. - The Hershey empire is once again stable. For now. There's only one other candy maker in Hershey's league. His biggest rival, Frank Mars. He's spent years creating legendary bars like the Milky Way, Snickers, and 3 Musketeers, producing more than 20 million of them a year. But Frank has a problem, a brewing power struggle with his son, Forrest. - The Mars company had turned into this enormous success and Frank Mars was extraordinarily wealthy. Forrest Mars was a born, bred entrepreneur and he took credit for these inventions that came out of his father's company. - Frank and Forrest reunited just six years ago, after a lifetime of estrangement. And Forrest's aggressive management style opens a new rift. - Forrest Mars had very, very concrete ideas about what made a business successful. They were unlike anybody else's. Forrest tied workers' salaries directly to company performance. If the business happened to fall on hard times, for whatever reason, your paycheck also suffered. - So Nick is the newest member of our sales team. Let's give him a warm welcome. I, for one, am glad to have him. You see, Nick, every other salesman in this room is worthless. I mean, really, it's pathetic. I'm not sure if they're lazy or if they're just not really trying or if they're just naturally stupid. You see, Nick, this is why you're here. To turn this ugly red ink into a nice beautiful black. Maybe then-- - Can I talk to you real quick? - Forrest Mars was relentless in his pursuit of perfection and he expected everyone who worked for him to have that same level of intensity and drive. And if you didn't give it to him, you would hear about it. - That is no way to treat people and you know it. - Please, we've been short of the projections for months. - That doesn't give you the right to humiliate grown men. - I am trying to do my job. - I don't need you undermining my authority at every turn. You openly contradict me on the floor in front of my employees? - Your employees? You mean our employees? - This is my company, Forrest. And unless you want to go out and build your own, it's about damn time you show some respect. That'll be all. - While candy sales remain strong, the Depression takes its toll on the automobile industry. And by 1932, sales of new cars plummet by 75%. - People are no longer able to afford cars. People who were previously upper class or middle class now find themselves working class, homeless, impoverished. - In a stretch of Kentucky known as Hell's Half Acre, with fewer cars on the road, one local gas station owner makes an unexpected move to stay afloat. - No matter how brutal the economy was in the 1930s, people still needed to have hope that things were going to get better. Companies still open during this period, new products still arise, largely because people are just making a living. - His name is Harlan Sanders and years before he's known as the Colonel all around the globe, serving 12 million customers a day. - It's good chicken! - After a long stretch of career failure, he drums up extra business by selling fried chicken out of the tiny kitchen inside his Shell station. - This is a guy who's gone through a series of jobs. He gets fired from being a lawyer for getting into a fistfight with his client in the courtroom. He gets a job as an insurance salesman and gets fired again for insubordination. - You're gonna want to see this. - This is not a calm guy. He is a rough and tumble guy. - There's one other gas station in Hell's Half Acre and competition for customers is fierce. The other station's owner has repeatedly painted over Sanders' billboards and Harlan Sanders is fighting to keep his business alive. - Afternoon, fellas. - In a heated turf war. - You all right? Get help, get help! - Harlan Sanders shoots a rival gas station owner in the shoulder. - Sebastian, get help. Get you help! - But one of his own men is killed. - The other gas station owner was sentenced to prison for many years. The outcome of all this is Harlan Sanders became the only gas station operator in town. He succeeded through, well, violence and gunfire. - Sanders capitalizes by focusing on selling his chicken, recognizing the potential in a Southern tradition that goes back generations. - Fried chicken is an outcropping of soul food. Slaves and later sharecroppers could not afford livestock on their meager wages and their meat sustenance was either wild game or chicken, what was known as yard bird. - During the 20s, widespread use of the commercial incubator and availability of cheap feed turned chicken into a more affordable alternative to pork and beef. Now, Sanders is counting on it to increase his business. - How long till some more's ready? - Hell, y'all only asked me that two minutes ago, so roughly we're two minutes closer. - Well, there's a whole load of people out there and they're antsy. - Yeah, well, asking me every five seconds doesn't make it fry any faster. - He would cook chicken in a frying pan and it takes 30, 40 minutes to cook them and you got road travelers. And the road travelers didn't have 30, 40 minutes to be standing there waiting. - Convenience cures everything. I think all these innovators understood that people will wait to have it, got it, and it's always the same. It's about convenience and it's about consistency. - Sanders has to find a way to adapt. And when he does, it'll be the start of a $26 billion empire. By 1932, Frank and Forrest Mars' empire has grown to $25 million in revenue, making them the number two candy company in America. And they're fighting over its legacy. - Forrest takes credit for the Milky Way, telling everyone that it came from his meeting with his dad when they were drinking malted milkshakes in a diner that afternoon in Chicago. - I want 30%. - Of what? - Of this company. I've earned it. - Forrest, this is my company! - 30% or I walk out that door! - Don't. - Yes or no? If I leave, I'm not coming back. - I'm sorry. - For Frank Mars, having Forrest, his estranged son, try to take control was a huge strain. And ultimately, Frank basically said "You go start your own company." - Forrest is now determined to start his own business, crush his father, and go to war with Milton Hershey. Amazingly, by 1936, Hershey's Depression-era profits are more than 10 times his payroll. - During the Great Depression, industries are drying up and Hershey was really able to escape that sort of negative impact because fortunately, people still wanted to consume chocolate. Mr. Goodbar took off and it was a sensation. And Hershey wasn't affected as much. - Here. Will. This is what I've had drafted for the museum. What do you think? - It's good. It's big. - Yeah. Wait till you see the stadium. - Hershey invests $10 million into expanding his town, adding everything from the Hershey Stadium to the Hotel Hershey, alienating some of his workers. - Hershey is really out of touch with his employees and many see him not as a benevolent owner but somebody who's exploiting their labor. And so there's the desire on the part of workers to ensure that their rights are gonna be respected. - Look around. We work and we work. For what? You think William Murrie's not giving himself a raise? How about Milton Hershey? - Feeling they deserve a fair share of the company's success, disgruntled workers quietly begin to organize, inspired by a movement sweeping the nation. As part of legislation under President Roosevelt, for the first time, American workers are guaranteed a minimum wage and the right to unionize. - The labor unions began to push for an eight hour day. But it wasn't just an eight hour day for work, it actually was divided up into three parts. Eight hours to work, eight hours to rest, and eight hours to do as you please. More importantly, you understand there's going to be a regular paycheck coming in. - Unions spring up across the country and strikes make headlines. And in 1934, longshoremen on the West Coast stage a walkout that shuts down ports from Washington to California for nearly three months. And in Michigan in 1936, striking workers shut down a General Motors plant for 44 days. - There was industrial warfare that was taking place. Very often, the state militia, the federal troops would arrive and they were used to break the strikes. And when the strikers would resist, violence would break out. People would get killed, property got destroyed. And this was something that really worried many Americans. - On April 2nd, 1937, workers at Hershey's chocolate plant turn off their machines, lock the doors, and stage a sit down strike. - The sit down strike was a first ever in Pennsylvania. Milton Hershey at this point in time, I mean, that really affected him. I mean, he was really, really hurt. You know, here he had basically lived his whole life and created this community and really investing in the quality of life of the worker and didn't understand why they were striking. - How bad is it? - There's a good number of workers that still support you but the strikers, they have the factory. And until that changes, we're dead in the water. - After everything the company's done for them. - What the strikers didn't even consider was how it was gonna affect everyone else around them. You had farmers from six neighboring counties who were still milking their cows and no one was coming to pick it up. - Local farmers sell the bulk of their fresh milk to Hershey. And as the strike drags on, 3.2 million pounds of it sit unsold, spoiling. - You had this sort of counter-insurgence if you will. People were so upset that they rose up against the strike. Farmers and business people and housewives who were ready to march on the factory and demand that they stop. - On April 7th, 1937, hundreds of farmers, infuriated by the strike, storm Hershey's factory to end it, armed with clubs, bats, and ice picks. - Let us in! - End the strike or we're coming in! - Sir. It's chaos out there. What do you want me to do? Sir? - We should let it play out, see if it resolves itself. - Someone's gonna get killed. - This is the last warning! - At Hershey's factory. - End the strike! - The clash between striking workers and enraged local dairy farmers. - We're not leaving until you come out! - Erupts in violence. Leaving 25 people brutally beaten and others rushed to the hospital. The tragedy makes national headlines. - Hershey felt that he's done so much for his workers. He built this factory town, in his mind, to ensure that his workers had access to good housing, to good schools. His workers however didn't necessarily see it that way. He feels deeply betrayed by what happens in 1937 and he won't get over that. - In the aftermath of the strike, Hershey distances himself from day to day operations at the company he created and his workers get higher overtime wages and paid vacation. Wages are rising across the country and by spring of 1937, US unemployment has fallen from 25% all the way to 14%. With more money in motorists' pockets, Harlan Sanders' gas station chicken could be a gold mine, if he can figure out a new way to speed up the cooking process. - Who doesn't want to change the world and make quite a bit of money doing it? I think that's the brass ring. The truth is, these men really do truly embody that sort of American business leader spirit that we sort of only reserve this sort of reverence for men named Carnegie or Rockefeller. - Sanders starts tinkering with modifications to an obscure French cooking tool called the pressure cooker. The airtight metal pot traps steam. As pressure increases, so does the boiling point of water. This creates super heated liquid that can reduce cook times that should take hours to just minutes. - The technology of the pressure cooker, this is an amazing invention that may sound silly in the 21st century. But we're not in the 21st century, we're in the first half of the 20th century. So he basically just reinvented the internals of that unit to make it work. And it was dangerous. It has to be monitored. Sanders used to talk a lot about how often those pressure cookers exploded. - Sanders has to adapt the appliance to superheat oil instead of water to fry his chicken. By swapping out the rubber O rings for much stronger metal washers, Sanders turns the pressure cooker into a pressure fryer. Now he should be able to fry his chicken in less than 1/3 of the time. And if he can come up with the right recipe it will appeal to millions. - Guess we wouldn't really need that shipment, would we? - No. - Well. Things are good. - Frank Mars already sells his product to millions. The Mars Company is booming with sales topping $25 million a year. - The Milky Way was a big hit and Frank Mars is a wealthy, wealthy man. We look back at those things and go of course it took off, it was really a big hit right away. Those men and women who start businesses, they don't know that. They just believe this is gonna happen. and in the United States, we reward our successes and that's one reason why they're still remembered today. And today in the top five chocolate bars, three of the top five chocolate bars consumed in the world come from Frank Mars. - Frank? Frank? Help, help! We need an ambulance. Call an ambulance now! Frank? - At 51 years old, Frank Mars suffers a massive heart attack, leaving the future of one of the most lucrative food companies in the country in doubt. - After a bitter power struggle with his father, Forrest Mars was forced out of the company they built together. Now living in Europe, he finds out that Frank has died. - By the time Forrest got word of his father's passing, the funeral had already taken place. And I think that missing his father's funeral and not getting to mend his relationship with his dad affected him very deeply and changed his nature to a degree, made him perhaps even more ambitious, gave him more drive, made him want to prove himself all the more. - Forrest is determined to take control of his father's company, but first he needs an idea big enough to generate the fortune he'll need to buy it. Harlan Sanders has the fried chicken recipe he believes will make him rich. Now he has to modify it for a pressure fryer that will cook it three times faster. - Damn. - Over-fried chicken is burnt to a crisp and undercooked chicken is rife with salmonella and E. coli. - With every new development, for every innovation in the food production process, it takes a while to figure out what is wrong with that new system. When you're sort of near the cutting edge, this is the riskiest edge and along with risk comes a possibility of failure. - Coating his chicken in 11 signature herbs and spices, Sanders experiments with cook time and pressure, looking for the perfect batch. - He is trying to make his chicken in a very unusual way. What Harlan Sanders did is he applied both a different recipe and a different technique to it. To cook the chicken very uniformly in a very short amount of time. - After painstaking trial and error, the chicken comes out crispy and moist, all in under eight minutes. And the world is about to get its first taste of Kentucky Fried Chicken. Over the course of four decades, the Hershey Bar has become an American staple. And in an incredible act of kindness, Milton Hershey donates over $60 million, nearly his entire fortune, to charity throughout his life. - His dream was to create a legacy and an institution for children. The initial focus of the Orphan School For Boys was really to have children learn a trade. Originally, it was just orphan boys who had lost their fathers, and then the girls were admitted and students of all races and from really every corner of the country. And he actually viewed these children as his own because he and his wife were never able to have children of their own. - With his legacy secure, Hershey is ready to pass the torch and William Murrie has always been his most trusted lieutenant. - I thought you should know, I'm stepping down. And Percy Staples is replacing me. I'm sorry, Will. I wanted you to hear it from me. Will you support him? - Yeah, I'll have to head down there and congratulate him. He's earned it. - I think Murrie assumed that he would take over from Milton Hershey someday. What Murrie always wanted was for his kids to become the owners and operators of Hershey. And now it was obvious this was never going to happen. - William Murrie helped build Hershey's empire. Now, he's driven to cement his own legacy. By sheer luck, Forrest Mars has just the thing Murrie needs. He's back in the United States with a new product that'll change both of their lives and become the most popular chocolate candy in America. William Murrie, the president of Hershey's Chocolate Company. - So nice to meet you in person. - Is meeting with the son of its biggest competitor. - Next time, make an appointment. - And together, they're about to create a new legacy and one of the most popular candies in the world. - How can I help you today, Forrest? - Look at these. - Colorful. So what? - So they've been in my pocket since I left New York. - These are chocolate? How is that possible? - Wait, wait, wait. You don't want my pocket candy. Try this. - Murrie had never seen a candy coating on top of chocolate before. That was really an unusual concept back then and he was fascinated. - It's impressive. - And you know better than anyone else how much money this could mean. For a 20% investment and your guarantee of a steady supply of Hershey's chocolate, Bruce, your son, he's the executive vice president of my new company. - I think Bruce will go for it. - Mars and Murrie. That has a ring to it. - I like it too. - Enjoy those. - I don't think anybody even knows M&M; actually were people. It was, you know, Murrie and it was Mars who created these little chocolates in a shell that melted in your mouth and not in your hands. - To finally put his own last name on a product, William Murrie quietly brokers a deal that allows his son to buy 20% of Forrest's new company. Forrest quickly opens a factory in Newark, New Jersey and pours all of his resources into mass production of a new milk chocolate product that's resistant to melting. - He purchases equipment called panning equipment and they were these giant copper drums that would spin around and then would coat these little pellets of chocolate, lentil-shaped chocolates. - Mars glazes his chocolate in multiple thin layers of brightly colored candy coating, creating one of the most iconic confections on the planet. The M&M.; But before he can introduce his candy-coated chocolate to the nation. - December 7th, 1941. A date which will live in infamy. The United States of America was suddenly and deliberately attacked by naval and air forces of the empire of Japan. The United States was at peace with that nation. The attack yesterday on the Hawaiian islands has caused severe damage to American naval and military forces. As commander-in-chief of the Army and Navy, I have directed that all measures be taken for our defense. - The attack on Pearl Harbor took most Americans completely by surprise. The idea a foreign country could come in from across the ocean and bomb American territory shook Americans as almost nothing else in the 20th century. This was suddenly a national effort. - Soon, 16 million Americans will serve and the country will turn to the titans of American food to fuel them to victory. - After the bombing of Pearl Harbor, the leaders of American industry watch as the United States is thrust into World War II. The conflict spreads across the globe, claiming more than 50 million lives and destroying more property and farmland than any war that's come before it. - As a direct result of the devastation of World War II, American food production in many countries is the only food production available. Consequently, the United States really becomes the great breadbasket of the entire world. - The war marks the end of the Great Depression, as American factories roar to life producing some 300,000 airplanes, 650,000 Jeeps, and billions of food rations. - Premodern armies spent probably 60% of their time foraging for food so that they could fight. This American supply line meant that American soldiers didn't have to do that. It was a huge strategical advantage. It's not a stretch to say that some of these products helped to win the war. - At the forefront of the war effort are the titans of American food. Companies like Marjorie Post's General Foods, which dedicates its Denver factory to making 10 in one rations, light, easily carried kits designed to feed groups of soldiers three meals a day. The H. J. Heinz Company works with the government, secretly converting some factories to make munitions and rations. - The Heinz Company innovated all kinds of things that contributed to the war effort. They started making wings for glider aircraft. There were self-heating cans. You just inserted a cigarette into the bottom of the can and it could heat up rations in just minutes. - The Kellogg's Company produces K rations, small individual meals designed to feed mobile forces like airborne troops and tank crews. Milton Hershey even returns from his retirement to oversee his company's wartime effort and is tasked with developing a high calorie energy bar. - This looks like enough for a small country. - Good. - Hershey played a critical role in supporting the military by supplying rations. They were working with the war department to actually invent something - All right. that would help the soldiers remain alert and active and well-fed for maybe an entire day on a single ration. - Hershey wins the contract for what the military names the Ration D Bar, eventually producing 24 million of them a week. - It was so important to winning the war that the Hershey Company received one of the highest awards ever given out by the military for civilian contributions. And that was huge. - Driven by the war effort, Hershey and other iconic American companies expand their reach across the globe. - We see the American GIs stationed overseas sort of acting as food mascots for America. They gave out the chocolate bars that were in their rucksacks and it really began this worldwide footprint. To a degree, you might even call it food diplomacy. - You could trade American products for other items or for sexual favors, but it really did provide an essential morale booster for many of the troops, so they just sort of cherished it. - With the bulk of resources dedicated to the war overseas, on the home front, some foods are increasingly scarce. - The government started food rationing, where people could only buy a certain amount of sugar, could only get a certain amount of cocoa, of meat. - Anyone who was selling food to the general public has to adhere to these rules. - There's a company in New England with a stockpile of goods ready to step in and feed Americans at home, Birds Eye Frozen Foods. - One, two, three, four, five, six of those. Yeah, keep stacking. That gets filled up, just fill it in here. Come on in. Excellent, thank you. Stack it up there, if you would, guys. - With the wartime economy booming. - We're running out of space, we can go back, okay? - The number of American homes with refrigerators jumps from less than 10% to well over half. - I think the invention of the freezer is the single most important innovation, certainly of the last 200 years or so. That allowed women to have more time, when previously we were tied to the kitchen, cooking three meals a day from scratch because there was no way to keep it fresh otherwise. Once they had more time on their hands, they could go out and get jobs, and that was really a social revolution. - Frozen food changes the American kitchen, making more products more widely available all year round at lower prices, all while being easier to prepare. Forrest Mars's deal with William Murrie turns out to be a brilliant one, since the Hershey's chocolate Murrie supplies is exempt from rationing and Forrest begins selling to one exclusive buyer. - Okay, just let me know where to send it. - The US military. With his company producing 200,000 pounds of M&M;'s per week. - Federal spending on the war was getting bigger and bigger. And of course, companies, they were delighted to be associated with the US War Department, the military, to provide for some 15 million American servicemen and women overseas. - During the war, the companies that were successful, companies that can develop strong relationships with the government. - When GIs eventually return home, the rest of America discovers M&M;'s and it becomes the most popular candy in the country, beating the Hershey's Bar and even his own father's Milky Way. - Forrest's empire was three times the size of his father's original company. But Forrest wasn't satisfied. He didn't have anything to do with his dad's original company. And he wanted that more than anything. - With the millions he makes off M&M;'s, Forrest buys a majority stake in his father's company, Mars Inc, gaining control of Snickers, 3 Musketeers, and the Milky Way. - All those years, he was building his own enormously successful business and finally Forrest manages to reunite his empire with his dad's original company. So Frank Mars is really the founder of the Mars candy empire. Forrest is credited very much for making Mars the company that it is today. - I don't think people realize that Mars is also involved with Skittles, is also involved with lams dog food, is also involved with Whiskas cat food, is also involved in Uncle Ben's rice. The amount of diversity alone is enough to break your brain. - Today, the Mars Company generates more than $35 billion in sales each year, making it one of the biggest family owned companies in the world and the Mars family is the third richest in the nation, with a reported net worth of more than $60 billion. - The big thing in America, they always talk about success. I think we now are affording these candy makers their place in the pantheon of business giants and not just food creators. - Fueled by American industry, after six bloody years of fighting, in September 1945, World War II comes to an end. The United States is now a global superpower. - Because of World War II, the United States becomes the most powerful country perhaps arguably in the history of the world. Literally 1/2 of global production, industrial production, occurs in the United States. The Great Depression comes to a full close. Employment goes sky high. We're the only major power in the world that has a higher standard of living at the end of the war than at the beginning. - Harlan Sanders has been on the leading edge of the economic boom, with sales of his popular fried chicken financing a move out of his old gas station and into a sit down restaurant. - Harlan Sanders was a ne'er-do-well for the first 40 years of his life. He shucked around from job to job, nothing seemed to go real well in his life except that people liked the chicken that he cooked. - Contract here. - Right. Got a pen? - Sure do. - So just logically said "Okay, I'll put both feet "into the restaurant business." - Appreciate it. - Sanders is positioning himself on a major roadway, determined to take advantage of an unprecedented cultural shift, the car boom. The American middle class is growing and more and more people can afford cars. Since before the war, the number of cars on the road has nearly doubled to 50 million and life in America is completely reinvented. - Modern Americans' life becomes nearly impossible without a car. As a result of this, businesses factor this into their model. So for the first time you see drive in restaurants where people are gonna drive up and then the food will be delivered to their cars. You see this with drive in movie theaters. There is this idea that the automobile becomes almost your home away from home. It's your private space but it goes wherever you want to go. And then you can get food there, you can engage in entertainment there, and this is part of your life. - In San Bernardino, California, two brothers are trying to cash in on the car craze, running a drive in barbecue restaurant with car hops who bring food to hungry drivers. - Dick and Mac McDonald were brothers from a large family in New Hampshire and they came west in search of fortune and they wound up buying a movie theater outside of Los Angeles. And they recognized pretty quickly that where they were really making the money was the concession stands. So that's when they made the decision to sort of pivot. - But broken dishes and bloated staff are eating into their profits. In order to make more money, they need to move customers more quickly through the parking lot and their car hops aren't helping. - When you're on the clock, I need you working. Not sitting around flirting with your boyfriends. - What my brother's trying to say is we have customers sometimes waiting upwards of 20 minutes. Paying customers. They should be your primary focus. - So in case you're missing the point, let me say this loud and clear. Stop flirting. Start working! Are we clear? - The McDonald brothers realized that if they can lower overhead. - Go on, get outta here. - And speed up service, they can send profits soaring. What they don't know is that the system they're about to create will someday bring in revenues over $22 billion a year but they'll watch it go to somebody else. In the postwar boom, the American middle class is quickly expanding and car ownership soars to 50 million automobiles by 1951. With newfound freedom, people start moving further away from city centers, giving rise to the American suburb. Before World War II, less than 13% of Americans lived in suburbs. But by 1950, that number has nearly doubled. - One of the things the US government provided as a reward to the GIs was the GI Bill. And the GI Bill funded mortgages on homes because they had gone off to war at a time when they would have been starting families, they would have been buying houses. And all of a sudden, boom goes the suburbs, where the air is cleaner, the grass is greener, you can have more space, you can have a picket fence. And this became part of the American dream. - 50 miles outside Los Angeles, Dick and Mac McDonald run a suburban drive in restaurant called McDonald's Barbecue. They serve 25 menu items with a focus on hickory-smoked pork and beef. But everything from tamales to peanut butter and jelly sandwiches are available. And with wait times sometimes exceeding 20 minutes, the McDonald's brothers know they're leaving money on the table. - I say we get rid of the car hops. Turn the car hop station into a self-service window and let people walk up and place their order. - What? The whole point of a drive in restaurant is so that people drive into it. - No, the whole point of a drive in restaurant is so people can drive in and eat. Not wait in your car for half the night. This isn't a restaurant, it's a glorified parking lot. - Yeah. Think about all the overhead we'd be cutting. - You know, I can't tell if you're being serious or you're just messing with me. - The idea of having a person, typically it was a woman, deliver you food to the window of your car was super attractive because people were so in love with their cars when they bought them that they didn't want to get out of them. But car hop restaurants did take a long time. It was more of an outing than it was a feeding and that posed a problem if you were running a business. - 80% of our orders in the last month have been for hamburgers. After that, fries and shakes is where we make our highest margins. Everything else really isn't worth the time it takes to make it. - You're suggesting we just sell burgers, fries, and shakes? - Correct. - We can't sell just three items. - Why not? - People want choice. - No, people want good. And people want cheap. Say, 15 cents a burger. - How the hell are we supposed to survive selling those? - Well, we'd have to sell a lot of 'em. - The kitchen's already working as fast as it can. - Well, then we redesign the kitchen. - What sounds like a simple construction project will lead the McDonald brothers to an innovation that will change the way America eats and revolutionize what will become a $570 billion industry, generating more economic value than most countries. With traffic on Route 25 driving business, Harlan Sanders' old fashioned sit down fried chicken restaurant is so popular that he's becoming a local celebrity. In 1949, Lieutenant Governor Lawrence Weatherby gives him the honorary title of Kentucky Colonel and the iconic Colonel Sanders is created. - In the public mind, Harlan Sanders had no past. He did not exist before his public image of the 1950s. The white suit was a self-promoting persona that he created. He wanted to portray this kind of Southern gentlemanly image. - Sanders expands his empire along Route 25, opening cafes and even a roadside motel. - He realized that he was not just selling chicken, he was also selling the concept of Southern hospitality. And money came rolling in. - That's 36 by 52, left to right. Yeah, and that is four foot square. - The McDonald brothers aren't just expanding their kitchen. They don't know it yet but they're reinventing the restaurant for modern American life. - You ready? - Hell, I don't know. I feel ridiculous. - Well, if it makes you feel any better, you look ridiculous. - Okay. Let's go. - Patties down. - Yeah. - And flip 'em. - There were so many costs associated with opening a car hop restaurant. They saw this as a chance to innovate. - Okay, patties to buns. - So they decided to lay out on the tennis court this choreography of food preparation. - Great, condiments. - No, nope, I'm not ready yet. Either that's too soon or the patties are too slow. - Okay, let's look at this again. If you come around and... - Car hops were sort of hamburger 101. Now we want to do hamburger 102. - Let's try it, let's try it, okay. - Okay, patties down. - Yep. - Flip 'em. - Their whole idea was that we're gonna put the hamburger on the assembly line. - After three months of construction, the McDonald's brothers open a new restaurant, designed to serve an entire meal in 60 seconds or less. Not through a car hop but a walk up service window. - Turn your head to the left, please. To your other left? And three, two, one. - The McDonald's fast food restaurant is born, the first of over 37,000 that will one day spread around the world. - Okay, gentlemen. Those are done, those are done. Flip 'em, let's go. Where are my buns? Thank you. Let's get 'em dressed and get 'em out. Let's go, let's go, let's wrap 'em and stack 'em. Let's move, let's move! - All right, keep moving, guys, you're doing great. - Initially, they were worried that they'd made a terrific enormous mistake. But slowly but surely, people started coming and they saw what was going on, that they could get their food faster. And it took off. - The brothers named their new kitchen design the Speedee Service System, an innovation every bit as groundbreaking as Henry Heinz's continuous flow and Henry Ford's assembly line. Their sales increase by 40%. - We all take fast food for granted now. It didn't exist. If you were gonna have a meal, you'd have to sit down, there was china, there was preparation. You know, a meal was at least an hour of your time. The McDonald's brothers revolutionized a system which let them mass produce good food, burgers, fries, shakes, in a very quick way. And then when people heard of what was going on there, they wanted to know what their secret was. - Welcome to our new Speedee System, folks. Come on in. Dick, why don't you start 'em off and tell 'em how it goes? - Absolutely. Thank you guys for coming, we certainly appreciate it. - The brothers sell their secrets of the Speedee System to anyone who wants them for $950 a piece and give free tours to anyone who asks. - My brother and I came up with this brand new kitchen system to really make not only our restaurants very efficient but your restaurants as well. - Among those who get an inside look are Matthew Burns and Keith Kramer, two of the men behind Burger King. And Glen Bell, the founder of Taco Bell. - What is your restaurant, sir? - It's a little taco restaurant. - There you go, see? That's perfect. What are tacos anyway? - Mexican. - Okay. It's like a crunchy sandwich, I think. - Excellent, excellent. - The brothers were attracting a lot of attention, not just from customers but from lookie-loos and copycats. - McDonald's is a huge hit, generating $350,000 in revenue. But the McDonald's brothers have no serious ambition to expand. For now. By the 1950s, the Cold War with the Soviet Union is heating up. And in 1956, President Dwight D. Eisenhower signs the National Interstate and Defense Highways Act. It authorizes $25 billion to build 41,000 miles of new interstate highway, connecting the entire nation and strengthening it. - Eisenhower thought this would be useful for bringing the country together industrially, economically, culturally. Much like the railroads had been in the 19th century. But the interstate system was also useful for the Cold War in national security terms. It would allow you to move troops around, allow you to move supplies around. In fact, different parts of the interstate were actually graded so that airplanes could land on them. If the country was every invaded, we would have thousands and thousands of miles of air strips that could be useful in thwarting an enemy. - The project reshapes the nation. But when a highway reroutes traffic, it can spell disaster for businesses. And Colonel Sanders' once booming restaurant along old Route 25. - How's everything, folks? - Great, thank you. - You enjoying that chicken? - Yes, thank you. - Thanks for dining with us. - Thank you. - Is suddenly empty. - The interstate highway comes and it bypasses the old restaurants entirely. Sales go down, restaurants close. People were no longer getting off at the exit for him because the road is moved. And things aren't going well for Colonel Sanders. - On the verge of bankruptcy, Sanders is forced to sell his restaurant at auction to pay his debts. And everything he's built is gone. By the mid-1950s, the McDonald brothers have turned the restaurant kitchen into an assembly line. - Okay, gentlemen, those are done, those are done. Flip 'em, let's go. Where are my buns? - They broke convention and yet it worked for them. They understood the need in automated culture to deliver the goods quickly. But also by limiting the original menu, it allowed them to sort of focus on kind of quality control and focus specifically on speed. - All right, keep moving, guys, you're doing great. - Their successes have caught the attention of an ambitious milkshake machine salesman named Ray Kroc, who has spent a lifetime looking for the idea that could make him millions. - Ray Kroc was very confident, very self-assured. Ray was looking for the next big thing and that day, Ray Kroc walked up to the San Bernardino McDonald's, just as any of us who stumbled upon the next big thing feels when we see it, wow, eureka. That's cool, I want a piece of this. - Had to come see it for myself and meet the guys behind it. - Flattery will get you everywhere. - Order to customer in two minutes? Fellas, been on the road for years and I have never seen anything like this anywhere. I just want to help you share it. - Well, we're not hiding anything. You know, we've got ads in the trade papers. Anyone who wants can buy the basic idea of the Speedee System for 900 bucks. - They had a thriving business right there in downtown San Bernardino. They didn't want an empire, they didn't need an empire. It's really hard for people in this day and age to think who wouldn't need more money? Why wouldn't you want to grow? Why wouldn't you get bigger and bigger and bigger? Well, the truth is they were happy the way they were. - Not the system. McDonald's. You guys aren't thinking big enough. Let me help you go nationwide. We'll have one in every city. McDonald's will be a household name. - If we had a restaurant in every city, there's no way that we could make sure they're all up to snuff. We're stretched thin as is with just one location. - How 'bout you let me worry about that? - I don't know. - We'll take it step by step. I will oversee every new restaurant personally. Keep you in the loop. You can be as hands on or hands off as you want. - Hands on. - That's how I prefer it. Now you're gonna need someone you can trust. Make me your exclusive franchising agent and no one will work harder. - Ray Kroc was able to worm his way in to working with the brothers, only because he was persistent with them. If he hadn't, we wouldn't be sitting here having this conversation today. - What Kroc is offering is a low risk, high reward business strategy called franchising. - Franchising is spreading your business and your brand with somebody else's money. - Pioneered by the auto industry which franchised dealerships, companies charge an initial fee plus a percentage of sales in exchange for brand name use and proprietary methods. - You just sell a concept and a name to someone else, let them build the building, let them buy the product, and let them sell the product. What they give you is a percentage of their earnings. - As the McDonald's exclusive franchising agent, Ray Kroc takes out a hefty bank loan to open his first McDonald's franchise in his hometown of Des Plaines, Illinois. - Kroc was the visionary who saw I could take this system, put it in different places all throughout the country, and he was onto something that was bigger than just a small town restaurant doing something different. He saw the potential. - Over the next four years, Kroc supervises over 38 franchise openings in Illinois, Arizona, Texas, and California. Kroc sees the potential to grow even faster and he wants to be the one to profit from it instead of lining the McDonald brothers' pockets. He needs full control of the company. Colonel Sanders can barely make ends meet. His restaurant is closed and he's living off social security, a meager $105 a month. Determined to reinvent himself, he hits the road, armed with his secret weapons. A pressure fryer and his secret recipe of 11 herbs and spices. - By the end of the 1950s, 1/3 of all Americans live in suburbs, up 10% in just a decade, and busy commuters spend roughly 25% of their food budget outside the home. - In 1930s America, very few people went out to eat. There aren't many restaurants. And what you have in postwar America is the explosion of everyday restaurants. People have more money, they're going out more, and they're going out more often. The people who want to make money on food have to meet the demands of people constantly on the move. - Colonel Sanders is looking for a new way to adapt to the changing times. His last restaurant went out of business but he refuses to give up. - When he was facing financial hardship, he literally got in his car one day and started driving around to area restaurants and saying "If you sell my chicken "and if you give me four cents per chicken, "I will teach you my preparation technique "and I will give you the recipe." - Lightly dusted so there's no clumping. Folks want bad chicken, they can get it at home. - He would make it for the restaurant owner. He would actually demonstrate how it was cooked. - Right over here is what I call my pressure fryer. You've heard of a pressure cooker, right? Same concept. Except this one right here's been custom engineered to handle hot oil under high pressure. All right? Eight minutes and it's done. Don't go lifting up lid, take a peek, trust me. And don't go guessing the time neither. I know what goes on in kitchens, I've worked in one long enough. I use a timer each and every time and so should you. - He had been a salesman in many forms throughout his years and it was always something he was good at. - And that's what it looks like every single time. Now, let's talk profits. How this works is customer gets the chicken, I get four cents off every order. And the rest is yours. - I'm in. - He went to 1,009 places trying to license his chicken recipe but the 1,010th actually picked it up. - Hallelujah. - Colonel Sanders doesn't open physical locations. He licenses his name and recipe to existing restaurants, selling his Kentucky Fried Chicken in over 200 of them across the country. Ray Kroc has overseen the spread of McDonald's restaurants across the nation, with 228 of them now generating sales of $37.8 million. But the McDonald's brothers get only a half percent of those sales and franchise fees and Kroc makes a salary of just $20,000 a year. - He made a decent living but it wasn't like he was a rich man. Other people would be happy to just keep working and come home and put their feet up at the end of the day, but he just had a sense that there was something larger for him to achieve, to accomplish. Most people who sit down to innovate don't say "I am going to change the world." It's a byproduct, not the goal. Jeff Bezos didn't sit down and say he's gonna change the world. He just had this vision and stuck with it. - It's Mac. - I'm gonna cut straight to the chase. How do you feel about retiring? - Retiring? - Yeah. I'd like to buy you out, for a fair price. - He's asking to buy us out. - Hey, if you need a minute to think about this. - 2.7 million, cash up front. - What? - That's a million for Mac, a million for me, and 700,000 for Uncle Sam. We won't take a penny less. - I can't come up with that kind of money. - That's for the name, the rights, everything. We just want to retain ownership over our original restaurant. There's no way he's gonna come up with the money. If he does, we're rich. Look, we've been in business for over 30 years, working seven days a week, week in and week out. We would like a million dollars a piece after taxes, Ray. We think we've earned it. - Work with me here. - That's our final offer. - Ray Kroc has the unbridled ambition to take McDonald's global but Dick and Mac stand in his way. And he needs the equivalent of almost $23 million in today's money to seize his dream. By the early 1960s, fast food is sweeping America, led by McDonald's and followed by Instaburger, which changes its name to Burger King, and Taco Bell a few years later. Others, such as Dairy Queen, Pizza Hut, and Dunkin' Donuts are also expanding their reach. Now Ray Kroc has a vision of making McDonald's the first international fast food restaurant, if he can wrestle control of the company from the McDonald brothers for $2.7 million. - Ray couldn't come up with the money. He went out to a bunch of bankers who initially were extremely hostile because that's an enormous sum of money. This is 1961. Nobody wanted to take a risk for a hamburger company. - Kroc is already in debt and unable to secure a bank loan. In a desperate move, he strikes a deal with an investment group, agreeing to pay back more than double what he borrows. - All of the contingencies you asked for have been accounted for. - All right, there we go. - How does it feel to be millionaires? - Definitely doesn't feel terrible, that's for sure. - It feels kind of strange, like it's happening to someone else and not us. It'll always be our baby. - Ray had this vision of going public someday and McDonald's is an international brand. Ultimately he had to buy them out to allow him to keep growing the business the way he needed and wanted it to go. - Listen, thanks for letting us keep the original restaurant. - Of course. - In 1961, Kroc purchases the name and all rights to McDonald's, paying $2.7 million for a company that will someday be worth over 150 billion. - Congratulations, gentlemen. - The deal leaves the brothers only their original restaurant. - I can promise you one thing. The American people will never forget the name McDonald's. - So after this deal was done, as a move of vindictiveness, Ray forced them to change their name to The Big M and he built a McDonald's across the street. The brothers existed for several more years and then finally folded business altogether. - Though Dick and Mac created it, it's Ray Kroc who oversees the spread of McDonald's across the nation and the world, becoming known as the company's founder. - It wasn't until Ray died that Dick McDonald, whose brother by then had passed away, ever expressed any remorse about the way things went down. McDonald's corporation did a whole campaign honoring the founder of McDonald's and that made Dick McDonald really angry. - I can say safely within my own life, you know, these incredible brands and their amazing innovations have made my life infinitely more simple. Anywhere I go in the United States, if I see those golden arches, I know what that sandwich is gonna taste like, I know what that breakfast is gonna taste like. You can get a Big Mac or an Egg McMuffin anywhere in the world and it will almost exactly be the same. - Today, McDonald's is the most successful restaurant chain on the planet, with more than 37,000 locations. They serve more than 62 million customers a day, generating over $20 billion in revenue every year. Colonel Sanders drives over 200,000 miles a year, overseeing more than 600 restaurants that sell his chicken and pay him a four cent royalty per piece. - He never actually owned restaurants. These were other people's restaurants and other people actually making the product on a daily basis. Four cents a chicken doesn't sound like much until you're selling tens of thousands of chickens a year. And in 1950s money, that was an extremely healthy income. - Sanders earns $300,000 a year until in 1964, a group of investors see the value of his 11 secret herbs and spices. - I tell you right now, I never thought I'd let some slick talking son of a bitch come down here and talk his way into buying my business out from under me, no sir. I spent my whole life building this thing. Heck, I don't even know who I am without it. - That's why it's worth every penny. That's two million cash and we'd like to keep you on in a key role. - Colonel Sanders sells all rights to the company he's spent a lifetime building for $2 million, more than 16 million today. - So about this key role then. - The partnership that buys his company begins opening dedicated Kentucky Fried Chicken restaurants and for an additional annual salary, Sanders becomes the iconic face of the brand. - Had we not had television, we never would have known who Colonel Sanders was. Almost immediately, they went up into Canada. Almost immediately, they started to Central and South America. They were the first fast food franchise in the People's Republic of China. It was no longer just Southern style but American style chicken. - Today, there are more than 20,000 KFCs in over 125 countries, all still using Sanders' secret recipe. - The 11 secret herbs and spices is still a closely guarded secret, said to be held in a bank vault. There has been all sorts of efforts to break them down in labs. It's not something you can replicate at home. You have to go to KFC. - Over the course of nine decades, America has gone from a country of farmers to the most powerful nation on earth. All fueled by the visionaries who invented new ways to feed the masses. - These people were visionaries as much as they were culinary geniuses. They were risk takers as much as they were businessmen. They were pioneers in spite of all slings and arrows of misfortune that came their way and their persistence of vision, their persistence of thought, and pursuance of this one goal, the product the likes of which the world hadn't seen or tasted or experienced before, therein lies the inspiration that built the country in the first place. - These titans of industry, from Henry Heinz to Clarence Birdseye, amassed fortunes that rival any in history. - I often wonder if the people behind these massive, unbelievably successful brands knew exactly the scope of what they were doing when they started out. They had a dream, they had an idea, they had a vision. But they could never at the time have imagined just how big it would be because nothing else existed like it. - In the end, they changed more than just the way America eats. These iconic pioneers changed the fabric of the nation, enabling a modern lifestyle and feeding the American dream. - There's no way to talk about Americans industrial might without the power of the food industry. It's hard to imagine the nation without Heinz, Coke, McDonald's, Mars. These products, they're able to cross race and class lines with a kind of effortlessness that few other things can do. And if you actually think about the kind of quintessential American story, that's a story of food. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 