The Food That Built America: Season 1, Episode 1 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 The Food That Built America 
 s1e1 - The Lines in the Sand - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 The Food That Built America (2019–…): Season 1, Episode 1 - The Lines in the Sand - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 - Over 250 million HERSHEY Bars a year. More than 650 million bottles of HEINZ Ketchup. 1.9 billion servings of Coca-Cola a day. Over 300 billion McDonald's burgers sold. These iconic brands fuel modern America, helping to drive the most powerful economy on Earth. But 150 years ago, they don't exist. At a time of unimaginable change, it takes brave visionaries risking everything to create some of the most recognizable empires on the planet. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 - I call it the MILKY WAY. - Well that's a first. - It's chaos out there. - Fire, fire! - Get out everything, the back door! - Start working! - This is a federal seizure. - Innovators like Henry Heinz, Milton Hershey and Clarence Birdseye push the limits of technology. - This is the future and I need it. - American dynasties like Post and Kellogg's, battle each other to build their fortunes. - We should be making stacks of money off of this. - You're not capable. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 - I'm going to bury you. - And bold pioneers like the McDonald brothers. - Flip 'em, let's go. - And Colonel Sanders. Face the challenges of a cutthroat new era of opportunity. - Hershey isn't our supplier, they're our competition. - These billion dollar empires are American icons. - The American people will never forget the name McDonalds. - That help transform the country into the most powerful nation on Earth. This is the story of how they all began. - It's been ten years since the end of the Civil War and one of the most important eras of America's history is just getting started. It'll be called the Industrial Revolution, and it will usher in a wave of unbridled entrepreneurship. - I look at those early days of burgeoning industry and I think this is an amazing opportunity, you know? Who doesn't wanna be successful? Who does wanna, you know, change the world and make quite a bit of money doing it? I think that's the brass ring. You might come up with this great iconic American brand and the brand that shapes America. - Before industrialization, when people live on farms, they're pretty nearly self-sufficient. But all the people who live in cities for the first time in history of the United States, they've got to be fed by somebody else. - The Industrial Revolution is a time when you start seeing factories developing, but part of that is the phenomenon of urbanization. People were coming together as a workforce and living in cities more and more. Life was changing for people and it was changing very quickly. - Nearly a third of Americans flood into cities without space to grow their own food, causing a crisis and an opportunity. - No longer could you go to your hen house, get egg. No longer would your wife cook you up some fresh chicken that she just slaughtered on your front porch. There was this need to sort of feed the masses. - People were moving to cities from farms in America. And the mass production of food was very unusual. In fact, it didn't exist and this was a really big deal. - In one of the fastest growing cities, one struggling entrepreneur pursues his ambition of selling his products all across the country. But he's about to hit rock bottom. His name is Henry Heinz. - Where are the rest of the checks? The checks, where are they? Give me half. Hurry. Listen to me. These paychecks will clear but only if they go out today. You have to get to the post office before it closes. - Pittsburgh Police. We have a warrant for the arrest of Henry Heinz. - Sir? - Here, go to the post office, then straight home. Families are depending on this, do you understand me? Go. - On December 15, 1875 local authorities arrest 31 year old Henry Heinz. A company built on his name will someday sell for 23 billion dollars. But for now, after taking out loans to expand production on his horse radish sauce, he has overreached on a product that doesn't sell enough to keep it in business. - With every new development, every innovation in the food production process, when you're sort of near the cutting edge of the way things are going, this is the riskiest edge. - Heinz started buying more and more produce. He bought out whole farms. But when creditors came calling, he couldn't pay. So he was arrested for fraud. But, it wasn't his fault. At the time, packaged foods were not commonly eaten in the United States. - In the late 1800's, food preservation is still primitive. Small, local farmers bring their products into cities, where they sit on shelves or in barrels for days, or sometimes even weeks. - The state of food in America was pretty deplorable. Remember, there's no refrigeration. Grocers often didn't care where their products were coming from. They were selling spoiled meat. Fish was a little bit off. When people bought things in barrels, you never knew what you were gonna get. - Pickles were colored with copper to make them look more green. They'd put laundry bluing in milk to make it look white. You had to trust your own ability to tell what was good and what was not. - Most Americans don't trust the food they're being sold and Heinz's bold attempt to expand his business ends in disaster. - H. J. Heinz found his name in the newspaper not for a budding entrepreneur, but as a criminal. This really humiliated H. J. Heinz. - His parents' home got repossessed. He had to watch his mother cry as they took furniture and he had been the root cause of this. It all exploded. He failed. - Henry Heinz is ruined but he's determined to pick himself up and start again 520 miles to the south, in Atlanta, Georgia, the scars of the Civil War are still raw. - And tens of thousands of veterans are dealing with the pain of their injuries. - Never forget what a horrific experience that Civil War was for the American people. It's very difficult to imagine the carnage. People were suffering. - Almost all the fighting took place below the Mason-Dixon Line leaving the South, and its economy, in ruins. - The disparity between North and South is huge. In the South the primary economic driver was agriculture, and cotton is no longer king. The war devastates agriculture and the South's gonna have to reinvent itself. - In the heart of this unstable environment, a local entrepreneur struggles to keep his business afloat. He's a civil war veteran and pharmacist named John Pemberton - John Pemberton was kind of a creative genius who is tragic in his own way. He was never a great businessman. He would go bankrupt and would start over again. His signature invention will someday be served over ten thousand times per second. - But for now, Pemberton works late into the night, hoping perfect a formula that'll help him cash in on the latest craze sweeping the country, miracle health tonics called patent medicine. - Patent medicines were very popular but also fairly adulterated. The claims of any particular product were outlandish, claiming to cure everything from tuberculosis to cancer, to itchy scalp, you know, all on the same product. - They contain all sorts of toxic chemicals and substances that you wouldn't even wash your floor with it, let alone take it or ingest it. - John Pemberton's war wounds have left him addicted to morphine. Hoping to create a safer alternative, he gambles on a plant extract from South America. For thousands of years, Natives have chewed its leaves, as part of religious rituals and as a powerful stimulant. It's called the coca leaf. The same thing used to make cocaine. - Cocaine was supposed to be this wonder drug and nobody recognized its potential harm or addictive quality. A wine infused with coca leaf was wildly successful internationally, in the 1860s, 70s and 80s. Everybody drank this stuff, it was supposed to be a cure-all. It even had endorsements from three different popes, including Pope Leo the 13th. - Pemberton hasn't yet perfected the formula that will someday launch an American empire. Far from major cities like Pittsburgh and Atlanta, in a small town of just 7,000 people there's an institution designed to treat mental and physical pain in a much different way. It's called the Battle Creek Sanitarium. One, there you are. Two. Three. - It's run by a renowned doctor and medical innovator named John Kellogg - Everyone follow me. Arms out, down. Lower, lower. Hold and up. Well done. - People came from all around the world to the Battle Creek Sanitarium. Amelia Earhart, Thomas Edison, Henry Ford, they came to Battle Creek to get well but they also came to see Dr. John Harvey Kellogg, who was world famous. He was one of the most famous physicians of his day. - Everything okay, sir? - People followed the doctor long distance through his magazine Good Health or his many, many books or his lectures. Dr. Kellogg's prescriptions and ideas about medicine were very much out of the norm of his colleagues. - Dr. Kellogg holds a degree from the prestigious Bellevue Medical School in New York. But some of his methods are unorthodox. - He famously supported sexual abstinence. He never consummated his 40-year marriage with his wife. Winter or summer he would work out in a thong. - The Battle Creek Sanitarium was a crazy place! Some of the things that went on were wacko. - Treatments include experimental therapies like hot air baths, slapping machines, foot vibration and daily yogurt enemas. - He invented the first exercise tape if you will. They were on 78-rpm records and he had a brass band behind him and he would give instructions for people at home to exercise the Kellogg way. So, he was a very, very inventive guy. And he had the idea that for the sick stomach, you had to make food more easily digestible. - Now, Dr. Kellogg is working on a totally new medicine that he believes will prevent nervous disorders, tooth decay, even cancer. But in the end it won't cure disease, it'll launch a 37 billion dollar industry. And tear his family apart By the 1880s Americans are flooding into cities in unprecedented numbers, and eating local food from butchers, or what's sold in bulk by clerks at general stores. Food is often preserved with dangerous chemicals like formaldehyde or borax. - There was a high incidence of stomach cancer in the turn of the century that outpaces what we see today. I think a lot of that was tied to the American diet. There were all sorts of toxic chemicals that most Americans consumed. It's no wonder that every American had a stomachache. They didn't eat well. - People are suffering even more in the Civil War torn South, turning to miracle health tonics to cure them. John Pemberton is desperate to cash in on the craze but he still hasn't perfected his formula. Already working with the coca leaf, he adds an exotic seed with medicinal qualities, called the kola nut. - If you think about old school pharmacy, it was all plant based. Kola nuts originate on the African continent, in Senegal. It was considered improper for a man to offer women kola because it was a stimulant, because it was intoxicating. - The kola nut is chewed by local tribes to combat hunger and fatigue and they're so valuable some even use them as currency. Kola extract has a strong, bitter taste. So, Pemberton experiments with other flavors to temper it. - He was fine-tuning it and working in nutmeg oils, lemon oils, lime oils, and coriander. - He added a great deal of sugar to it because it was too bitter, and he added a number of essential oils, like oil of neroli, oil of cinnamon, seven different substances, which eventually were known as the 7X flavor. - After months of work, his formula is improving. But Pemberton slides further into his morphine addiction. Retracing his work, on May 8th, 1886 Pemberton pieces together the formula and names his new product after its two main ingredients. - Use this one for now. We'll have to design something more permanent, but this will be fine for the meantime. - He calls it, Coca-Cola. - John Pemberton was a morphine addict and he was actually looking for a substitute but he created that magic secret original recipe and that was the genesis of Coca-Cola, which I think, is sort of amazing. - There are a few brands in the world that don't require any explanation. Sort of like those few celebrities that only need to go by one name. Coke is certainly one of those brands. - Pemberton plans to sell his drink as a health tonic at nearby soda fountains. Hoping his cocaine based concoction will catch on locally. Little does he know it'll become a global phenomenon. And someone else will take the credit. At the Battle Creek Sanitarium, self-made man Dr. John Kellogg's unorthodox treatment have made him one of the most famous physicians of his day but one innovation from the sanitarium kitchens will soon turn him into a household name. - The chief complaint of people coming to the sanitarium was some type of stomach or gastrointestinal problem and so he had the notion that eating meat was dangerous to your health, and that a grain and vegetable diet was far better. - Served as medicinal food, the product is made of flour, oatmeal and cornmeal baked into brittle cakes then smashed into granules. It's unlike anything most Americans have ever seen. He calls it granola. - John Harvey Kellogg considered his food invention to be preventive medicine. He didn't add sugar because he thought too much sugar consumption was bad for you. But granola was new and exciting and people loved it. - Kellogg's products will someday be eaten by 350 million people each morning, completely redefining the American breakfast - Breakfast wasn't a particul identifiable meal in those days. It didn't have foods all that much associated with it. Often it was leftovers from the night before. You couldn't say "That's what people eat for breakfast." - In some cases, breakfast was really just a luxury that middle-class or upper-class people ate. It was very, very time consuming. In many cases, it was women who woke up early, spent hours and hours and hours before the family arose preparing breakfast - It was a major effort and took a ton of time. It became a huge undertaking, just the simple meal of breakfast cereal was something that could be served hot or cold. And would take a very short amount of time to consume. - That one's a little overcooked, but we'll still use it. - To help with day to day tasks, - Which one is this from? - John works his assistant hard, a former employee at a broom factory. It's his younger brother William. - Even as a young boy, John was brilliant. He is the golden child. His brother Will was nearsighted but people thought he was dim-witted because he sat in the back of the room and he couldn't see. And his parents didn't want to put a lot of investment in his education 'cause they thought, well, he's not worth it. - Will oversees bookkeeping, staffing, maintenance, and preparation and service of John's granola. - Granola was designed to be just eaten as is but William was the one who thought of putting milk on their products, and that's sort of when it really becomes more popular. But William was really lost in his older brother's shadow. - I'm giving a talk on Saturday. Abstinence and physical health this time. - Dr. Kellogg was such an unpleasant, curmudgeonly, kind of a lousy big brother. - Are you getting all of this? - Yeah yeah, I think I got it. - You know, he used to make W. K. take dictation while he was using the toilet. - You know, it would be a lot easier if I could just wait until you're out. - So W. K. had this desire to get out from his brother's shadow. - John, John. I'm listening. - We should sell the cereal. Market it to every man, woman and child. - No, it's part of a carefully controlled regimen. - You're helping every single patient who comes through the doors. But we could help more people and make a killing doing it. Would you just at least consider? - No! And that's the end of it. - It was Will Kellogg who recognized there are a lot more healthy people who want a nutritious, easy to prepare breakfast than ill people who need an easy to digest breakfast. And he would say to his brother, "Look, we're leaving money on the table. "Money that could help the sanitarium. "That could help us." But there was a real risk for John Harvey Kellogg of marketing cereal as a regular product. Doctors themselves did not advertise. That was against medical ethics at that time. And he had enough problems with the medical profession of being accepted. He thought that if he sold this product to the mass market that would be a red flag to the medical profession. So, he was very careful about that. - Will knows they're sitting on a cash cow, but under John's thumb he can't act on it, yet. In Pittsburgh, fledgling entrepreneur Henry Heinz's ambition to expand beyond local markets has left him bankrupt. - So, how are Sarah and the kids? - It hasn't been easy. Thank you for dinner. - That's what family's for. - But he has the relentless ambition to build a new company and risk it all again, he just needs the right product. - During Heinz's day, not all the meat was ready for human consumption. Some of it had a pretty strong smell and people would say, "We've got to eat it, it's expensive." - Will you pass the catsup please? - To mask the taste and smell of tainted meat people use a variation on fish sauce used in china for thousands of years. - John? - Yes, please. - It's called catsup. - Walnut and mushroom's all they had at the store. - The catsup really helps. - In the Americas ketchup was made out of celery or nuts like walnuts. This lumpy gray product that had saw dust in it and all kinds of artificial preservatives and things that could harm you. - Heinz realizes that if he can create a new product that people actually trust, there's no one in America who won't want to buy it. And his dream of creating the first mass produced national food product is reborn. At the end of the 19th century people are moving to industrialized cities in record numbers and safe, reliable food is suddenly scarce. - You have to remember you're not self-shopping. There's no supermarket. You went to a store and you encountered a clerk. And you told the clerk what you wanted, and they offered a lot of kind of iffy food. Food is literally dangerous to your physical wellbeing during this period. - The Industrial Revolution has opened the door to all kinds of daring entrepreneurs. And Henry Heinz still has a dream of being the first to mass produce a food product that will appeal to every American, and be sold in every corner of the nation. Even though his first attempt drove him bankrupt less than a year ago. - In earlier times, business failure was seen as a sign of moral failure. There was something wrong with you if your business failed. But by the period of the Industrial Revolution this attitude was changing. For every John D. Rockefeller there were a hundred would be John D. Rockefellers. There was much more willingness to take risks. Along with risks comes the possibility of failure. - Along with his brother, John, he takes his last shot in a makeshift test kitchen in his own home. Draining his family's savings, desperate to create a safe, reliable version of a product the world knows today as tomato ketchup. - After the bankruptcy, Heinz was determined to restore his reputation. He knew that people didn't have the time to make labor-intensive sauces and preserves. And so that's what he focused on. Yeah there was walnut ketchup and there was fish sauce, there was celery ketchup but tomato ketchup, that's something that he believed would catch on. This was pioneering. This was a big idea. - Heinz needs his ketchup to appeal to as many people as possible. - Hey John, try this. - And he struggles to get the taste right. - What do you think? - Heinz adds salt, onion and garlic to his tomato base, thickening it with pulp. Then, he experiments with a natural, but highly acidic preservative, vinegar and sugar to balance out the sour flavor. - John, taste this. - Not bad. Well, that's not bad at all. Good God, it might be it. - Heinz created this magical concoction of umami and sweetness and acidity, sour, tart, all in one. And it goes with everything. - Well done, well done. - Heinz has just invented a groundbreaking new product but now he has a new problem. He has to get people to trust it. At the time, most packaged food products quickly go rancid or are full of harmful ingredients so they're often hidden from view. - In those days, producers would put their products in barrels or stoneware. Sometimes they'd use brown glass or green glass bottles. You couldn't see what was inside the package. But he knew that if people could see the purity of his ketchup, they'd buy it. - In a stroke of brilliance, Heinz packages his ketchup in clear glass bottles, one of the first entrepreneurs to let consumers see his product before they buy it and the most iconic condiment in the world is born. - This is the guy who made the greatest ketchup, that bottle that I see everywhere. That's a piece of America. To say Henry Heinz was ahead of his time is an understatement. - Henry Heinz was a pioneer in every sense of the word. In understanding that if you could deliver a product that had the confidence of the consumer, you'd really be able create new markets and new demand for those products in ways that were unimaginable before. - Now Heinz has a choice, play it safe and sell his ketchup locally or gamble everything on the same strategy of expansion that drove his last company out of business. - Alright, this one's all set. Keep tasting. Doesn't matter how much you make if it doesn't taste good. Remember, John takes random samples of every product. - Meanwhile, Will Kellogg knows that he and his brother are sitting on a potential goldmine, and it's about to be exposed to an unexpected threat. - One, two, three. One, two, three. Keep your knees level. - The Battle Creek Sanitarium has a new patient. - Head up as you go down. - A man with a history of business failures and years of ill health, his name is C. W. Post. - Charlie Post failed at every business he ever created. He had what we might call a nervous breakdown. So, he was a broken man when he came to Battle Creek to try to regain his health. But he was too broke to stay at the sanitarium. - The sanitarium's ground breaking treatments, including Kellogg's revolutionary granola cereal, cost as much as $60 a month, more than $2100 today. So, Post works with Will Kellogg in the sanitarium kitchens, helping to make the groundbreaking granola, to earn his keep. - It was an unknown Trojan horse letting C. W. Post help cook in the kitchen - You're a good worker, Mr. Post. - Thank you, Will. - Will keeps meticulous records of every batch of granola, hoping he can one day convince his brother to sell it and C. W. Post has a front row seat. - C. W. Post, being an inventor and being somebody who loved to tinker, he was fascinated by Kellogg's cereal. So naturally he wanted to understand everything about these health food preparations. He was just so eager to make his fortune. - Will's helper is about to become his most bitter enemy, igniting a war that will last for two decades. In the South, health tonics are booming. Now being marketed as soft drinks, driven by a growing push against alcohol called The Temperance Movement. - You know, the prohibition didn't just hatch. It really emerged because a lot of American wives were concerned about the amount of alcohol their husbands were consuming. And it was just massive. - What do you do when you're not going to drink alcohol? Soda fountains are becoming more and more and more and more popular. And people can be social at soda fountains. - By the late 1800s, soda fountains are a community staple, rivaling pubs in popularity, and they're often located in pharmacies. But just as Coca-Cola is making its mark, John Pemberton is suddenly too ill to produce his syrup. - Coca-Cola was successful locally, but in the middle of this, Pemberton got sicker. It turns out he had stomach cancer and his morphine addiction had taken a firmer hold than ever. He needed money. - In a desperate move, Pemberton takes out an ad in the local paper, offering a 50% stake in his business for $2000, about $50,000 in modern money. Today, half of the Coca-Cola company would be worth over 100 billion. It catches the eye of budding entrepreneurs across the state including an ambitious rival pharmacist named Asa Candler. - Asa Candler went to Atlanta with only a $1.75 in his pocket. He was constantly on the make looking for a single product that could make his fortune. - One minute. I said one minute. - Asa Candler, he had tried Coca-Cola and he thought that it cured his headaches and that was one reason he wanted to get ahold of the company. - You know, a soda fountain up in Alpharetta, they're selling something that they're calling Coca-Cola. - Really? That's funny, I've never been up to Alpharetta. Unless what you're saying is my deal with you isn't exclusive. - Just making conversation. - It's confusing how many people were involved in this early chain of title. Pemberton sold Coca-Cola to a number of different people, in fact, he'd sold off two-thirds of the company. - Candler takes his first step towards untold riches by buying a piece of Pemberton's Coca-Cola company. - Best of luck to you. - But in a new, American industrial age of ruthless ambition and self made millionaires, he's not going to stop until he has it all. Asa Candler owns a piece of the fledgling Coca-Cola brand. - The Coca-Cola Company, capital T. - And he immediately buys up as much of the company as he can from anyone else who has a stake. - Candler was a driven hustler, who was going to succeed no matter what at something and who wasn't going to stop until he did. - Coca-Cola's founder, John Pemberton, still owns a third of the company and he's the last obstacle in Candler's way. Across town, by 1888, Pemberton's family can only watch as his stomach cancer continues to worsen. - Candler wanted to get ahold of Coca-Cola and by the time he wanted to, Pemberton was dying and had already sold off two-thirds of The Coca-Cola Company. - A dying Pemberton has nothing to leave his wife, Anna Eliza, and his son, Charles, except the remaining rights to Coca-Cola. And all the riches they'll someday bring. By the late 1880s, the United States is growing exponentially, and for the first time the nation is linked in a way that, just decades earlier, was unimaginable. Thanks to the Transcontinental Railroad. Now more than 150,000 miles of train track crisscross the nation, creating a path to one of the biggest periods of business expansion the country has ever seen, led by a new breed of pioneer. Driven by the success of fellow industrialists like Andrew Carnegie and J. P. Morgan. - Let's go people. - Who have pushed expansion the of railroads, - Thank you sir. - Henry Heinz has a bold dream to create a mass produced, national product. - The iron and steel industry could ship its goods by rail. The modern oil industry would not have developed without railroads because tanker cars carried oil products all across the country. The same was true for any number of manufactured products. - Okay, let's keep moving. We gotta get these orders out. - Before this period, what you ate in the West and what you ate in the Northeast and what you ate in the South was probably very different. The railroad makes the entire United States a possible market for packaged food. - To reach every corner of America, Heinz needs a factory far more efficient and powerful than anything that exists. And that means he has to build it himself. And as usual, he's thinking big. - It's perfect. - That's a lot of money. Why can't we just rent some place bigger? - Early factories were actually very primitive. We think about the modern assembly line and moving parts, but they were often unsafe, very hot, unsanitary spaces that didn't have a great deal of efficiency. It was a room full of people working together performing certain repetitive tasks. You didn't have automation to speed that process along. And in this period thinkers coming up with new ways to do work that will make it more efficient and more profitable. - Let's focus on what works and not get so far ahead of ourselves. - You're thinking too small. We build as big as we can and then we create the demand for more. - You'll burn through all of our cash flow. - People like Heinz are not unlike Rockefeller and JP Morgan, Ford or any of these other titans. These are huge American industrialists. They are the American dream. - That makes me nervous. It should make you nervous, too. - It'll pay off, trust me. - Heinz's vision is to create a new kind of factory, one that will change the course of American industry and he's risking everything to do it. Hundreds of miles away, another future mogul is prepared to do anything to succeed. C.W. Post is leaving the Battle Creek Sanitarium and he's taking something with him. The ideas behind Kellogg's cereal. Taking square aim at making himself the founding father of the American breakfast. In a test kitchen hidden in an old barn, C.W. Post is working on a revolutionary product that'll single-handedly reshape the American morning, breakfast cereal. - For a family living in a big city, life was pretty hard because both parents had to work, often children were working to help support the households. There was not a lot of spare time. Fast, quick, easy foods were something that people were looking for. - Cereal is promised as bam, here you can have breakfast in a bowl, just adding milk. And you have people kind of rethinking what breakfast is. A total invention, right? I mean, there's no reason why cereal should be for breakfast. It was just invented by American food makers. - Cereal is quick to make, shelf stable and a stolen idea. - For C. W. Post to see what the Kellogg brothers are up to, then take it back when he leaves and form his own cereal, I mean, some would call it thievery, others would call it smart American ingenuity and business. - To perfect it, Post is adding an ingredient the man he took it from. Dr. John Kellogg, never would. - He added in sugar. So suddenly, it was sweet, it was crunchy, all of the things that all of the traditional sanitarium food wasn't. - He calls his new product Grape-Nuts. - It was called Grape-Nuts because they were using grape sugar and the sort of nuttiness of the crunchy consistency. And then, he really began marketing it everywhere. - I need you to fill this one up. - Yeah. - It's the beginning of an American empire and the opening salvo in what will soon become a bitter fight with the Kelloggs. As American industry continues to expand, a much larger market is starting to emerge. By the end of the 19th century, the Transcontinental Railroad creates an unprecedented means of distribution. - If you are producing something in Pittsburgh and you wanted to sell it in New York, before railroads, typically what you would do, was ship it all the way down the Ohio river, down the Mississippi, through the Gulf of Mexico and up the Atlantic Coast to New York. Railroads allowed you to move things swiftly and inexpensively. - New opportunities create the possibility of untold wealth for those bold enough to claim it. Leading a new wave of American entrepreneurship, Henry Heinz is determined to cash in, investing all his profits into a sprawling 17 building complex with direct access to all major rail lines. But his boldest gambit yet is his plan to infuse it with a new technology that has yet to be fully harnessed. In the 1890s, factories are powered by coal, and lit by candles or kerosene lamps. In 1893, George Westinghouse lights the Chicago World's Fair with a new technology that is still virtually unknown to most Americans. It's electricity. And Heinz wants it, at all costs. - It's a lot of money to spend on technology that may not even, may not even be around in a few years. - We're wiring this factory starting today. If this is the future, I need it. - Heinz is determined to become the first to power his entire factory using electricity years before any other major industrialist. - There were some people who thought that electricity was uncomfortably close to magic because things would happen invisibly. They couldn't see the forces at work. And, of course, if you touch it and got electrocuted that made everything more like black magic. In fact, electricity was far safer than kerosene lanterns or candles or anything like that. - If he can pull it off, he'll be ushering in a new era of American industry, but he's already failed once and this is his last shot. - The Lord is my shepherd. I shall not want. - Hundreds of miles away, John Pemberton's battle with stomach cancer is over. On August 16th, 1888, the inventor of Coca-Cola is laid to rest. - No one really thinks about Doc Pemberton. I don't think anybody even knows who Doc Pemberton is. And it is so sad because this man really created the recipe, tried his whole life to come up with this formula, and he never really saw what it was going to become. - The Coca-Cola brand is more vulnerable than ever and Asa Candler sees the opportunity to strike. - Mrs. Pemberton, my name is Asa Candler. I was a business associate of your late husband. - Is there something I can help you with? I don't believe we've met. I'm Charles, John's son. - I'm sorry, listen I can help you. Your father left expenses behind. You have a family to look after. Look, I can pay you in cash. - Pay me for what? - I'll give you $300, right now, today, for the rights to Coca-Cola. - 300 for me, and another 300 for my mother. - Then it's a deal. - Asa Candler was determined to get hold of Coca-Cola, and he did it by hook or by crook. Supposedly, he approached Pemberton's widow at his funeral and persuaded her to sell him the brand for a very small amount of money. So, it was really quite, quite an amazing story. - In an era before products are sold nationally, Asa Candler is determined to dominate Atlanta like Pemberton never could, not yet realizing that he'll someday dominate the globe. - America is approaching the turn of the 20th century, and a new breed of ambitious self-made man is leading a technological revolution. Yet the world has almost no factories with all lights and machinery completely powered by electricity, until now. In 1898, after 8 costly years of construction, Henry Heinz's fully-electrified factory is finally about to be powered on for the very first time. Outpacing Andrew Carnegie and JP Morgan's US Steel by nearly a decade. - One way to understand how committed H. J. Heinz was to being an innovator is that he was willing to take a leap into the future and bring in electricity at a time when people were still scared. I mean, even the president of the United States was scared to turn on the light switch when the white house was electrified. - With a flip of a switch, Henry Heinz has kickstarted an era of industrial progress the likes of which the world has never seen before. - The fact that Heinz said bring this in. It's the wave of the future. It's just amazing. That was a big step forward. Electricity allows Heinz to fully realize his next, and perhaps most important innovation, the continuous flow system. Known today as the assembly line. Heinz pioneers a system where an electric ceiling crane and trolley brings ingredients to a series of chutes and conveyors that move products through his factory, allowing workers to perform one simple task over and over again - If you're making lots of one thing, if you can make that absolutely identically then you can make it at a lower cost. If the individual workers can get more competent, can get faster at the production process you could make their work more efficient. This is the first step toward mass production. - The continuous flow system is decades ahead of its time, and it will go on to inspire innovations in other industries that will change every aspect of American life. - Before Henry Ford had an assembly line for his Model T's, H.J. Heinz had an assembly line for food. He was a pioneer. - Really what you have here is Ford learning from and adopting the technology, that had been applied earlier. Heinz was a genius among geniuses when it came to automation. - Increased factory output helps fuel the creation of a national market. - If there's a single secret to America's rise to the position of world dominance economically it was the fact that it had this single market where by the end of the 19th century a factory in Pittsburgh, could produce enough to serve the entire national market. - Within two years, Heinz overtakes Carnegie Steel as one of the fastest growing companies in the country. And a few short years later he is worth 20 million dollars, over half a billion today. But success puts a target squarely on his back. Other food manufacturers are quick to follow his lead. By 1899 sales of, C. W. Post's Grape-Nuts skyrocket, and he invests in a factory to ship his product coast to coast. The idea of a national market is still new. And since state governments usually regulate commerce, there are no rules in place to oversee it. - There was no limit on advertising. And so you have all these products that are promised to save people from everything, from indigestion to headaches. And there's no boundaries on what they can promise. There was no regulation. - C. W. Post takes full advantage, marketing his cereal as a miracle cure. - He would put out ads that claimed that they would cure everything from appendicitis to impotence. He said anything and everything that could sell a product. - Soon, copycat brands pop up by the dozen. Like Post, all of them capitalize on the Battle Creek Sanitarium's reputation, many of them making outrageous claims. - You know, when you patent a food product, if you're stealing that idea and you change one part of that recipe you're not infringing on the patent. By the turn of the century, there were more than a hundred different cereal companies in Battle Creek. - Will Kellogg is desperate to enter the fight to compete with imitators but his older brother, John, still stands in his way. - Look, another one. They're all making money hand over fist, and none are even half as big as Post. - If you have a point, make it. - Give me one good reason why we shouldn't be making stacks of money off this. I'll do everything. I'll oversee everything. You won't have to lift a finger. - You're not capable! The only reason you work here is because you're my brother. So don't come whining to me if you're unhappy with your job. - The doctor was really designing theirs products for their patients, not for the mass market. The Battle Creek Sanitarium was John Harvey Kellogg's baby and he protected it fiercely. And that drove Will Kellogg quite mad. - Then a simple mistake changes everything - Good morning. - Did you mean to leave that out last night? - Shoot. Help me roll this out. - To try and salvage a batch of wheat cereal dough left out overnight, Will decides to roll it out anyway. The result is a flake. - Well that's a first. - This creation was an accident, an accident! - It'll someday generate over 13 billion dollars in revenue per year. And it's a brand new weapon in the fight against Post. Will Kellogg has spent years watching food titans like C. W. Post make a killing. Now, he's stumbled on a new weapon he can use against his rival, the cereal flake. - Well, that's a first. - This creation was an accident, an accident! You stop and you think, what if they just disposed of it? What if they didn't force their way through the crank? And the thing that I think is so fantastic, is you never know where that moment of inspiration is gonna strike. - To produce flakes, dough is boiled, left out to ferment for several hours, and then compressed through rollers into thin sheets. Those sheets are baked, and naturally flake off when scraped. - Flake cereal was very popular. It was remarkably welcomed by people who ate at the sanitarium. It was a eureka-like moment. - The first flakes are made with wheat, but Will begins experimenting with other grains until the first Kellogg's corn flake is born. - Will Kellogg hated Charlie Post for stealing his ideas and he knew he had a better product than Grape-Nuts. He could see in the dining room how much people enjoyed eating flake cereal. He kept track of people who wronged him and he would strike back. - Will Kellogg has watched Post make millions selling ideas he stole from the sanitarium. He may finally have a cereal that can put Post in his place, if he can bring it to market. In Atlanta, Asa Candler dreams of owning the first national soft drink. He ramps up production on Coca-Cola using a clever strategy to expand quickly and cheaply, an early form of franchising. - These need to be on the first shipment out tomorrow morning. Do you hear me? - Yes, sir. - Candler sells his syrup to independent distributors across the country who mix and bottle it in their own factories, spreading Coca-Cola at no cost to Candler. Soon, coke is so popular Candler opens syrup factories in Dallas, Chicago, Baltimore and Los Angeles. - This is going to be great. You know I haven't been to Texas since I was a kid. I hear Dallas is a real jewel. - Certainly is. - Should we sit down in let's say two weeks? - Sounds good. - Looking forward to it. - All right. - Coke is a company way ahead of its time. It's a company that basically is lean from the very beginning, doesn't have a lot of factories, doesn't have a lot of fixed costs to it. And once it sort of reaches out across the South as a regional product, it quickly becomes a national product. - Candler also tweaks the recipe, removing one of John Pemberton's key ingredients. - Asa Candler very quietly hired a chemical company to decocainize it in 1903. And since then virtually no cocaine has been in Coca-Cola since 1903. It still does contain decocainized coca leaf extracts, to this day. Coca-Cola is the source of legal importation of whole coca leaf, the only legal importation of whole coca leaf into this country. By 1901 Coca-Cola's distributors produce over 500,000 barrels a year, bringing in a million dollars in revenue, more than thirty million today. By 1905, the Heinz Company profits top 11 million, more than 300 million today. But Heinz has a problem. - Let's go, gentlemen, let's go. Move it. There we go. Careful, gentlemen, careful. I know it's heavy but let's be careful. - Now, competitors are multiplying, not only stealing his ideas but undercutting his product by using cheap, dangerous fillers and there's no law against it. - This is really sort of the wild west of food laws because there was almost no regulation whatsoever. You could say that your food was pure and sanitary and it wasn't. So the cleanliness and additives of food are really being called into question on a national scale. - His competitors tried to undercut him by providing food with fillers and preservatives. He always kept an eye on the bottom line and he knew that he had to fight them. - Other producers were using the same kind of glass bottles that he was using so he bought all the glass bottles in Pittsburgh. He used what he could, everything else he put on a barge, shoved it out into the Allegheny river and sank it. He literally sank the competition. Nobody else had any jars or bottles to put their product in. - Heinz can't fight imitators in every market so he devises another shrewd plan to strike back. He'll outwit his foes by using the new movement called Progressivism. - The Progressive Era is a moment in American history where reformers start to take a critical look at American society in the hopes of going after all the social ills that are undermining its republican values. One of the politicians to benefit from this is Teddy Roosevelt, who had come from New York and really built a political career as a Progressive, positioning himself as someone who is concerned about these types of reforms. - In 1904, Teddy Roosevelt rides a Progressive wave to a second term in office, selling himself as an enemy of big business monopolies and a champion of worker's rights and increased federal regulations. - Send this to Dr. Harvey Willey, Federal Bureau of Chemistry. That's all for now, thank you. - Almost 30 years after he created a new ketchup to combat the taste of spoiled meat, Heinz plans to lobby for new food safety regulations that will turn his competitors into criminals. - Is that the last barrel for the Philadelphia shipment? Excellent. - In the process, he'll also pressure test his 28 year old son Howard, a recent Yale grad, with a chemistry degree. - Good to see you, Father. - Good to see you! Come on in side. There are things I would like to show you. - Since he was a child, Howard has been groomed to take over his father's company. Now, he must prove he's ready. - I have a job for you that I wanted to discuss in person. I need you to go to D. C. and fight for the future of this company. - I'm ready. - Heinz sends his son to address the government commission on food safety convened by President Roosevelt, his task, use the commission to hobble his enemies. - I wouldn't ask you to do this if I didn't believe in you. Don't let me down. - By 1905 packaged foods are an established part of American life, with brands like HEINZ, Post and Coca-Cola leading the way. But the food industry has grown so big, so fast, that there's no regulation in place to protect consumers from false advertising and harmful additives. - For most Americans in the 19th century, there was generally a belief that the things that occurred in daily life were best dealt with by states and local governments. Food production companies that were producing for a national market, whose operations spanned across several states they were beyond the control of any state. It hadn't occurred to them that they needed the federal government to step in and improve their daily lives. - But Henry Heinz sees a competitive advantage in the federal regulation of food and sends his son Howard to Washington to lobby for it. - I'm told you're a whiskey man. Both of these glasses contain whiskey you can find on the shelves of any liquor store. One is pure, top-shelf bourbon. The other is cut with methanol, the main ingredient in formaldehyde. The question is, can you tell the difference? Take your time, swirl them around, smell them, do whatever you'd like. - That's the pure whiskey. - Sure enough to drink it? - Okay, you've made your point. - The truth is people are forced to make this decision every day. Only they don't know they're making it. - I'll take it to the president. - Thank you, sir. - Thanks in large part to Heinz's efforts, President Theodore Roosevelt throws his support behind the initiative. - We trust the companies that give us our food without knowing very much at all about how they're getting it to us. We trust them implicitly. Sometimes I think too much, because we don't question. Most of us don't even read the labels. - On June 23rd, 1906, the Pure Food and Drug Act is passed. - The Food and Drug Act includes laws of purity and quality and consistency and what can be included in what you're selling and that you can't adulterate. And also advertising regulation. You have to actually be able to back up your claims of what your food or product can do. - The legislation paves the way for the future Food and Drug Administration, or FDA. And it makes many of products in competition with Heinz illegal almost immediately. - Heinz's competitors lobbied against the 1906 Food and Drug Act. They didn't want to see the act pass. They fought hard. Heinz fought harder and Howard became the representative for the company around the world. - By 1910 Henry Heniz is one of the richest men in America, a true titan of industry. He has created the product that defines ketchup and revolutionized the industrial process. When this visionary dies in 1919, his company employs more than 9000 people and earns the present day equivalent of 200 million dollars. Today, the company he began in his family's kitchen is part of a conglomerate topping 26 billion dollars in sales. - H. J. Heinz was an innovator. He built trust in the American public that you'll get what you pay for. Today, Kraft Heinz produces more than a billion bottles of ketchup a year. They produce enough self-serve packets for every man, woman, and child on the planet to have two of them. You could literally slide to the moon and back on HEINZ Ketchup packets. - You could throw any other bottle of ketchup on the table, but if it's not HEINZ Ketchu, I'm going to think twice. But there was plenty of failure before there was success. Henry Heinz went bankrupt and lost everything, and a lot of people would have given up. But if you have that sort of perseverance and you know you've got that personality to carry something through, it could lead to, I mean, ridiculous success. - At the Battle Creek Sanitarium, Will Kellogg has watched from the sidelines as the national cereal market makes C. W. Post a millionaire. Then in the middle of the night, the sanitarium bursts into flame. For John Kellogg, it's a personal tragedy. For Will, it's the business opportunity he's been waiting for. At the sanitarium that Dr. John Kellogg has spent his entire career building, a furnace located in one of the sanitarium's bathrooms overheats, sending the building up in flames. Leaving one patient dead and John's life work in ruins. - The Battle Creek Sanitarium was this grand complex with beautiful rooms and all sorts of facilities, but like many buildings that were built in the 19th century, had a brick veneer but was mostly made of timber. And the place burned down in a matter of hours to mere rubble. His baby, his creation had burned to the ground. - Repairs will cost a million dollars, some 30 million today and while John Kellogg sees disaster, Will sees an opportunity to wrestle Corn Flakes from his brother's control. - How you holding up? - I'll manage. We'll rebuild. It'll just take some time. - Here. - What's this? - It's plenty, enough to get construction started. - I know, but-- - It's not a gift. I want to buy the recipes, our recipes. - Where'd you get this kind of money? - Private investors, mostly former patients. I'm going to take the recipes and start a new company. I've already leased a factory space. - Are you sure you want to do this? - I'm positive. - Will was ready to get out, so he raised money from relatives and took out loans and it was very hard to get loans and he found one banker who had faith in him. It was about a hundred thousand dollars, which was more than a million dollars, back then. - I'll take your money, Will and you can have the recipes. You'll be out of business in a year. You don't even have a high school education. What makes you think you can run a successful business? - I've been running this place for years, John. You're a brilliant doctor but you don't know everything. - Goodbye, William. - I'll see you around, John. - With the recipes in hand, will sets out to cash in on the Kellogg name and bring his Corn Flakes to the world. Across the country, the Pure Food and Drug Act is starting to take effect. Authorities are cracking down on false labeling, harmful ingredients and outlandish health claims. And in 1909, officials set their sights on one of the most closely guarded secret formulas in the nation. - Everyone stay calm, this is a federal seizure. Stay where you are and follow instructions. - The federal government claimed, with some justification, that Coca-Cola was mislabeled because ironically, it no longer had cocaine in it. So you can't call it Coca-Cola. And it had a deleterious added product, which was caffeine. And so they grabbed 40 barrels and 20 kegs and mounted this huge lawsuit against them. - On March 13th, 1911, the government sues Coca-Cola to force them to remove caffeine from their formula, insisting that it's harmful to children - It was quite an amusing lawsuit in many ways because, some of the experts claim that Coca-Cola hardened the heart so that it didn't beat anymore, they said that it killed rabbits and frogs, but that was because they had them breathe it in. - Asa Candler is determined to fight back, and the case ascends all the way to the Supreme Court. - The federal government has sued Coca-Cola over the amount of caffeine in their secret formula. The case has lasted five long years. Finally Asa Candler volunteers to reduce it. - As a result of that lawsuit Coca-Cola agreed to cut the amount of caffeine in half and Coca-Cola stopped using children in their ads forever more. So they didn't show anyone under 12 actually drinking the beverage. - Despite all his struggles, Asa Candler has turned John Pemberton's obscure miracle tonic into one of the most recognizable name brands in the country. And Candler doesn't want to share the credit with anyone else. - Asa Candler burned early company records quite deliberately and I'm convinced he did so because he didn't want anybody to see them. There may have been some skullduggery there but it's not a part of any official history. - The mad genius of John Pemberton brought Coca-Cola into existence but it was Asa Candler who used raw ambition, shrewd marketing, and national infrastructure to turn it into an icon. - Without each other, we wouldn't know who they were today. You need to have the inventor. You need to have the person who can develop the product that no one else has seen before and can really change the game. But, you need to have the advertising and marketing and business savvy in order to be this successful. You look at how much the world has changed in the last 10, 20, 50, 100 years, yet we're still drinking Coke. That's a piece of Americana that's in you. - Asa Candler goes on to become the richest man in Atlanta, even serving as mayor. The company he created will go on to astonishing success, employing over 60,000 people in some 200 countries, becoming one of the most recognized brands in the world. - For me Coke is a staple in, in everything that's American, and I've traveled the world and anywhere you go, it's Coke. - Just months after buying cereal recipes from his brother, Will Kellogg's factory is up and running. - You guys take a break in about 30 minutes, okay? - And for the first time Kellogg's iconic Corn Flakes hit the mass market. - Yes. Very good, very good. - In his first year, he manufactures 25,000 cases per month thanks to his proprietary industrial rollers. - Will Kellogg developed a way of rolling out dough very thin. He worked with a Detroit based company. They made steel rollers mostly for the tobacco industry and it was a way of flattening the tobacco leaves before they were crushed up and then made into on cigarettes. Will gave them specifications that he needed to make his cereal on a grand scale and they designed the first rollers. - Will's flake rollers use a revolutionary water cooling system which prevents the dough from burning and sticking to the metal rollers, which produces crisp flakes with no waste. - He added a little bit of malt and a little bit of salt to make it taste better. And then he put his name on the cereal box, so it became Kellogg's Corn Flakes. Now, Will says it was because "I wanted to put my moniker on it. "I wanted to tell my customers that I endorse this product." But he had to know that the name Kellogg was very very marketable because of the doctor. But Will Kellogg was off to the races and he never looked back. - With state of the art equipment and his famous last names scrawled across every box, Will is finally ready to go to war with C. W. Post. On the next episode of The Food That Built America. A small time candy maker, named Milton Hershey hits on a big idea. - I don't care how they do it in Europe. I'm using fresh milk. - That'll build an American empire. - It's chaos out there. - And a father and son duo named Frank and Forrest Mars forge a dynasty that'll rival Hershey and tear their family apart. - Help, help - An outdoorsman named Clarence Birdseye, joins forces with with cereal empire scion Marjorie Post. - I'm not interested in owning three quarters of anything. - To introduce the nation to frozen food. - How much for the rest? - Ruthless tactics lead to an all out cereal war. - I'm gonna bury you. - A gun slinging Kentucky businessman rises from a gas station kitchen, - I made you a promise, remember what I said? - to become an American icon. And the McDonald brothers turn the restaurant kitchen into an assembly line. - Okay those are done, those are done! Flip 'em, let's go! - But it's Ray Kroc who will turn their invention into the biggest chain in the world. - The American people never forget the name McDonald's. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 