Sunderland 'Til I Die: Season 1, Episode 4 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Sunderland 'Til I Die 
 s1e4 - Rocking and Rolling - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Sunderland 'Til I Die (2018–…): Season 1, Episode 4 - Rocking and Rolling - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Absolutely fed up now. Absolutely fed up like we all are in the North East. Basically, I think they've just sort of rushed into getting Grayson 'cause no one else wanted to be here. Gary, I'm going to interrupt you. Simon Grayson's left. Praise the Lord! Praise the Lord. -About time. -What you're saying is-- I've been following Sunderland for 60, 70 years, you know. There's something wrong in that club, whereby they have got to get rid of managers repeatedly. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 I think if you're an up-and-coming manager, and if you strung together a set of results, you know, you'd be hailed a messiah. Can I get a beef joint from out the back please? It was only going one way last night, and I think Simon Grayson's probably is a very relieved man this morning not to be Sunderland manager. Five, ten minutes after the game announcing it, I thought it was bit raw. But, if my staff performed the way Sunderland Football Club did... if they gave me that dross, I'd sack my staff. With Sunderland Football Club, we're drawing 3-3 to Bolton at home. We got beat at the weekend. Yeah, Sunderland's at rock bottom. It is at rock bottom. We've had eight managers in the last four, five years. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Eight managers. That's too many. We're a poisoned chalice. They drove me to drink yesterday. 'Cause I don't normally have a drink on a school night. So when I got home yesterday, had a shower, sorted meself out, and I had a vodka about that... Like that. The way we are at the moment, you can only hope to stay up, simple-like. This club cannot go down one division. Who knows? Who the hell knows? Difficult. Difficult. In many ways, the announcement that the manager had lost his job and the way it was done... I know it didn't sit comfortably with one or two players, but... they have to understand that where we are at the moment is completely unacceptable. And making decisions like we made and in the manner in which it was done, it's all about.. Coming down to the bottom line, it's not good enough. I imagined that you never, at the start of this week, expected to be in this position, now. It's been a whirlwind couple of days, really. We came into a meeting with Martin. He said he'd like us to take the team for Sunday. And that's as far as we know, medically. I don't want any discussions going on beyond that. Came in Wednesday morning, and that's when you have those conversations. As difficult and as raw as they are, they need to be done because you need to move forward. This is my first time, really, that a management change has happened during the season to me. Robbie Stockdale has been at the club a long time, and his stock has risen in the last couple of years. So, I think they see Robbie Stockdale as one of the upcoming young coaches. And he's committed, and he's a lovely guy. So, fingers crossed, it works for him. You're sort of disappointed that a colleague's not there anymore. But, if I don't prepare the team properly, then I'm not doing my job. Boys, come. Two minutes. Robbie is a top coach and will be a top manager, I'm sure. If Robbie was given the opportunity, he would do a sterling job. He's trusted by the board. He's trusted by the players. I think the players, if he got the job, will be more than happy. We'll wait and see. Be in twos. Let's go! Forty-five seconds! Lively! From the side. Come on, Grabs. Good, Jonny. Like that. Drop into it so you really give yourself a little stretch. In an ideal world, I would like to have somebody in place for our next game. And I know time is not on our side. The longer we don't have a manager in place, the more the clamor will be as to what's going on, you know, and who are we getting. I might have conversations with some people... who might be people who would like to come. Then you spend time having those discussions, and ultimately, they say, "No, thanks. I've thought about it.'' And that puts you back in time as well. The game this weekend for Sunderland is critical. They've forgotten how to defend. They've forgotten how to see games out. Players are so short on confidence, and they're going into an away game where Middlesbrough is showing a bit of form again. I think it's a tough one. I'm a Middlesbrough lad. I grew up there, played for them. I spent majority of my career there. The derby is bragging rights for the supporters. When you play in them, and I was fortunate to a few times, when you're on the touchline in them, it feels different. It feels like there's more of an intensity to the build up. There's more of an intensity to the game. What I really hope is that the players perform, and prove a few people wrong, and get this club going in the right direction. Holly goes to the footballs every week. She attends Pauline Quirke Academy on Saturday morning. Next along, we've got is Niall. My favorite player growing up was Niall Quinn. So, me first born son, I decided to call Niall after Niall Quinn. I wanted to make a Sunderland sleeve. At the moment, we've got Quinn and Phillips. Then we've got the outline of what's gonna be Peter Reid coming across the top. I'm due back in December for the next bit where all this is gonna be really done. We're gonna have Kevin Ball coming down the side. It will be finished before the end of the season, trust me. Well, the 131st league derby between Middlesbrough and Sunderland is upon us. Another manager gone, another relegation. A distinct possibility. The problems run deep. This occasion, though, does afford them a chance to lift the mood. Sunderland's grey strip rather matching the mood on the Wearside at the moment. Grayson certainly committed himself. And Cattermole steaming on to it. Here's Ndong. It's opened up for him. Go on! It will fall for Grabban... They can't keep spurning these chances. Lee Cattermole involved in a cut and thrust. Goes right in behind here. Tavernier waits. Tavernier crosses! 1-0 Boro. That is weak as piss, that. Goals change games. You know, that was their first opportunity, Middlesbrough. Where does it end up? In the back of the net. That's the difference. It's not all going as planned for Robbie Stockdale. Williams still waiting down below. Make you wonder how're we gonna make a change? I think we need to make a change. You've gotta try to get a hold of the game. You gotta change it, do something. Williams will finally come on now. Williams now just inside the Middlesbrough half, taking it away down the left-hand side. Rolling it down to Oviedo who's trying to pull it back, and here's McGeady! McGeady's... It's gone around the side netting and behind. He's got to hit the target. And that's the the first touch Williams has got on the ball, and it has made things happen. That's it. Middlesbrough win by a goal to nil. Gutted. Whoever's gonna come in, clearly, still has a lot to do to address the problems. This result leaves Sunderland at the bottom of the Championship. I don't know who'd want to take the job on. It's a poisoned chalice. Whoever takes the job has got to be mentally strong. 'Cause he's gonna be in for some stick. It's not gonna be like a Christmas Eve party. He's got to be mentally strong. We were struggling to get a manager at the start of the season in a level playing field. Now, we're bottom of the league. How're we gonna get a manager to come now when we couldn't get one to come in the summer? The word's on the street that Sunderland's in a plight. Massive absolute plight, and unfortunately, I hate to say it, I cannot say, I don't know how were gonna get out of it. If I sat here in my position and said to you, "Sunderland was unmanageable," then I'd be throwing the towel in. But there's lots and lots of speculation that umpteen names have been interviewed or are coming to Sunderland. And I just keep my cards close to my chest on that one. I have an individual in mind who's the number one target and who, I think, will be a great fit for the club. So I'm gonna go after that with conviction. Good morning, everyone. Thank you for coming along and joining us this morning. The club in recent weeks has carried out a thorough process... to recruit the right man for the job, and the best man for Sunderland Football Club, and Chris was our first choice all along. I'm delighted that he's here with me this morning as the new manager of Sunderland. I had a conversation with Martin. I was very, very impressed with what he had to say. So, it took me 24 hours, really, to think, "Could I make an impact here?" When I sat down with Chris, the moment he and I started discussing Sunderland, I could see in his eyes that this was for him, and for the future of the football club. I believe Chris Coleman is a massive signing. Chris's reputation speaks for itself. He's got pedigree. He was able to create a squad where everyone enjoyed meeting up, and enjoyed his training sessions. It's no surprise we did so well. Our team spirit was second to none, and he created that. He's an experienced manager. More recently, he was extremely well known for his results with the Welsh national team when he took them to semi-finals at Euros. Which was a tremendous achievement, and from Chris's perspective, I think, really put him on the managerial map. I see a lot of positivity in this football club. It's a huge football club. Possibly the biggest one I'll ever manage. When Martin gave me the opportunity to come here, regardless they're bottom of the Championship, this or that, I was always gonna come. It's a great appointment. Obviously, he's pedigree, bringing the Welsh team from over 100 in the world up to the top ten. I think he's worked miracles there, so, he can work one here. You got pork sausages, Jim, or not? Cheers, Philip. We actually done a sausage. It was called Welsh Dragon. It's a Welsh dragon sausage made with chili and leeks. We just got that in the back, ready for Chris Coleman to be a success. We might make some to celebrate his first win, you never know. Everyone's absolutely delighted. All of my friends, especially the ladies, are absolutely delighted. But no, seriously, I think the whole of Sunderland are delighted that he's come. I'm absolutely over the moon that we'd get somebody that high-profile. I'll put it this way. I'd rather catch me missus in bed with Coleman than the window cleaner. Right, I've said this is the happy floor in the place. Tell the boys what you do. Yeah, I'm the supporting liaison officer. So, I get a lot of fan feedback after games. So, they send me the transfer suggestions in January, so I'll send through to you, Chris. We better win some games and make it a bit easier for you, right? -That's Leslie. -I'm Chris. Nice to meet you. -Hi, I'm Claire. -Claire, nice to meet you. So, I am the other half of the communications dream team with Adam. I'll be the one bullying you into doing it. He bullies me three days a week, might as well keep it in the family, yes. More? There's more? There's rooms everywhere. I'm Chris. Nice to meet you. Would you like to take part in Secret Santa? I'd like to take part in having a taste of that little chocolate you got there. You got... These are fantastic. Popping candy. No, that's great. Thank you. Thanks very much. Cheers. See you later. Take care. -Nice to see you. -Nice to meet you. I think Chris will be a major milestone in the history of Sunderland Football Club for years to come. This is where the magic takes place. What a stadium. -48,500. -Fantastic. Amazing place, isn't it? This is what you call, a proper football stadium. Robbie Stockdale looking for a first home win of the season, and only a second win of the season for Sunderland, which just shows what an appalling state Chris Coleman has come into. The game underway. Williams, a big favorite of Chris Coleman's. Oviedo from the line. It's dropped to Grabban! Lewis Grabban has put Sunderland in front! There's the free kick. -No, no, no. -Unbelievable. Saville again to take the free kick for Millwall. And he scores! Millwall are 2-1 up in two identical free kicks. Matthews darts down towards to goal line, pulls it back. Oh, no! -Now Williams is down. -You're right. Williams is down. Williams' involvement in the game is gonna end, and that'll be a blow to him. It's a blow to Sunderland. Wretched luck for Jonny Williams. I had an idea of a formation I wanted to play before I got to the club, and that quickly was thrown out the window when we lost Jonny, after the Millwall game. I know you won't want to make excuses, but I suppose the injuries is the last thing you needed in your first week on the job. It'll make me a better manager, whichever way it goes. We have a big club in a tough situation. That's where we are. Though we never saw Sunderland bottom of the league on the back of a relegation, we saw Sunderland. Sunderland's a huge football club. It's exciting for a manager or a coach to get the chance to try and build something. Here, I thought, we can make an impact. We can make a positive impact here. Looking forward every morning, going into the office, doing the training sessions, trying to improve the players individually and collectively as a team, and putting your own game plan in place. Okay, get cracking. Chris and myself have a style and way a we like to train and play. Go to two groups, the purples and the oranges. Start from the bottom. Chris's big word when he first spoke to the players was accountability. Everyone's gotta be accountable. There's not hiding places. Here we go, guys! We're going wide to Donald. That's it. Can we affect it? -Little yard! -Good defending! There we go. There we go. Well done, you three. Delay, delay. Well done! Great reactions! Great reactions! Love that! Yes! Some players will sort of drift through sessions and go under the radar a little bit. It's our job to design the sessions whereby they can't do that, even maybe ones who want to. And you draw them out of themselves a little bit, I think. And we want to see people's personalities. Check back. Come, get up, get up! The normal rotation for you is about 60. And it's pretty tight here already. Reaching around behind your back here. The big part is getting movement back. Because if you get really stiff now, or you don't get on with it, it's very difficult to recover the movement. The weeks are longer when you're injured. Spending a bit more time... doing rehab and physio, and you're not with the lads training. You can get a bit isolated at times. There's days where I just can't be bothered, really. It helps when you're working with a manager that knows what I need as a player. He knows me as good as anyone in the football world. He's known to get the best out of me on the international stage. So hopefully, he can help me do that in a red and white shirt. Great strike. It was a recurrent theme of me getting into the first team at the end of a manager's reign, and then they'd be gone in the next couple of weeks. I'd have to start from scratch, because a new manager comes in. I've only got a couple of appearances to my name. That's not exactly a good resume for them to start playing me. I've always thought I gotta do something that other people don't. So mine was... What can I do that other people can't do well? For me, the easiest one was just to work harder than everyone else. Off the field, on the field, or whatever. I just want to play every game this season, really. Breathe, lad, breathe! Breathe! Whether I fail from that or succeed, I'll always think back when I gave it much more. So it's sort of a satisfying way to think about it. Mother Mary! Wise Men Say, Sun FM preview show. With Stephen Goldsmith and Gareth Barker. All things Sunderland. Chris called me when he came in, on his first press conference, and he said he wanted to get the city rock and rolling again, didn't he? Rocking and rolling. If we lose to Burton, we're only rolling in one direction. Chris Coleman is here to take your calls. There's been a few false dawns lately, but hopefully, you're the man to take us forward. Thank you very much. Appreciate it. I believe in empowering people. What I've seen so far has been promising. George Honeyman, who's done really well for us. Good legs, good energy going forward. We have got options. Any successful team at any level, you need players. Coleman For a new manager coming in, especially in Sunderland's situation, it's kind of perfect, isn't it? If we win, we're definitely off the bottom. It's just the chance to get that momentum going. I know what I'm faced with. I know what's coming. But I'm excited about that challenge. I am genuinely excited. I'm here to do my best for Sunderland. It's gonna be a good, tough game, and a big one for us. Drives this in. It's flicked across the face... James Vaughan. Vaughan has scored! It's Sunderland 1, Burton nil, and Sunderland on course for victory. One-nil up, with just over five minutes to play. Taking it into the penalty area. Trying to go around Murphy, crossing it here... It's Sunderland 2, Burton nil. But it was Honeyman who smashed it into the back of the net, from just a couple of yards out. And Honeyman has wrapped it up for Sunderland. On behalf of myself and a lot of Sunderland fans, I really want to thank Chris Coleman for what was the first moment of passion we've seen in what seems like 18 months. It's slowly becoming an iconic moment. It just felt normal and natural. In my experience, be yourself. People accept you, or they don't. Just got to be yourself and get on with your job. Mark, I think they want that printer in there. You never know. See if he gets that one right. You tall enough for that? We beat Burton on the weekend. You think we beat Barcelona. We're just all over the moon. Turned a corner. It's a new regime. It's a new start. Just like that one win, everyone's just positive thoughts. We knew that when the new gaffer came in, there'll be room changes, there'd be stuff to do. -It's the way it's always been. -It's not always a bad thing. It's good to change. Freshen all up. Change it around. -Without a doubt. -New start. When Chris comes in, he's kind of like, "Yes, I'm with you, mate. I'm with you." It sounds mad, but it's that effective? It's true, innit? Just the way he talks, it has somewhat... Somewhat of power? -Happy days. -Yeah, without a doubt. He's got a spring in his step now from these boards. Whatever you want. I'll work the night shift tonight as well. -I'll run through fire for you. -I'll put it out. Brilliant. Just the whole place feels lifted. It's changed a lot of things around here. All for the better. -Breathe in, Mick. -All for the better. Divide yourselves into threes. Good. Set. Break. Good. Good. Get it around. Good. Set. Break. -Good man. -Good position. Good. All the signs here, after two weeks of being here, some of the younger players are capable. We need to be careful with them. Put them in, take them out at the right times, but what I've seen, they're definitely capable of making an impact in the situation where we find ourselves. Young Josh, we've got to be careful where we don't overexpose him too early, and ask for too much too soon. So we've got to get that balancing act right. No, I'm only 18. Nineteen in a few days. Joel's got more tricks than me. His nickname is The Flash. That's Joel. It's his speed. And he's Magic Maj. You don't know what's gonna happen, so yeah. -Yes. -You're lucky, man. My mom, she's a Christian, so... Yeah, she's got me into my beliefs. Definitely helps on the pitch 'cause just gives me that belief in myself, and belief that people are on my side, if you know what I mean? Yes. Josh Maja and Joel Asoro are the likely lads. They are inseparable. I think they are very, very good friends. On top of that, they are both talented. They're both attacking players. They both have no fear, and there's a bit of swagger about them. It's good to see that confidence and swagger in a player at a football club which has been so badly beaten... over the last few years. And players ground down. Yes! The enthusiasm with which they talk about wanting to play however difficult circumstances are. Tap into that, and you think, "Yeah, there is a future here. The future's quite bright." Maja, to be fair, he's worked hard. So, certainly... highly rated, I think, by the coaching staff. A season like this could actually be the making of Josh Maja. We haven't won a game here since December 17 last year. Almost a year. So I think now is the time to win again. We keep hoping, once Sunderland wins one game at home, then more wins would follow. It's become a massive psychological barrier for the players, I think. It'll be a tricky game for us on Saturday. I know what's been said about the Stadium of Light. We've not won there for so long. You just got to show a bit of mettle and a bit of courage. I think the fans can see that in Chris's appointment, that the club have made a determined effort to get stronger. It needs to get better. The fans have got a massive part to play at the Stadium of Light because at the time of year, with the holiday season coming up, it would just be great. Today is a really important day. It could be a turning point for the club, in terms of getting that home win that everybody craves. Hello, how are you? It's cold, eh? How are we, boys? -Would you like a team sheet? -Yeah. Thank you. Getting a win today is really important for obvious reasons, and it just helps as well with morale. I think, hopefully, it'll kick start us as well. Once we get that win, I think that'll be it. That'll set us up on a roll. Help yourself to some food. Or you can buy some drinks, alcoholic drinks. So, yeah? And Chris is brilliant. He's really brought something to the club that was missing. That's not being disrespectful to anybody that was here previously. He's just injected some life. He's just got a presence. I feel like that's kinda soaking in throughout the team and the club. So, hope he gets it. Hope we're getting points for him as well. Not just for the supporters and the team, but for him. The club's always meant a lot to me. I'm not from there... ...but it's meant a lot to me for 40 years. 1977 is when I started going. Probably turned into my life more than anything else. Today is the 200th consecutive game I've managed to get to, home and away. I think it's gonna be 3-1. 1-0. I'd be happy with 1-0. Before every home game, Bob Stoker's foot is dutifully rubbed by the pair of us. I don't think it has any bearing on what the 11 players do on the pitch, but I just can't not do it. I've got a good feeling. I really have. We've got to stay positive. We've got to... Hey, come on. I want to walk out of here at full-time with a bloody smile on me face. And away we go. Fulham unbeaten in their last six visits. Sunderland need to start on the front foot. Matthews. That's dangerous. Vaughan on the end of it! What a save! Sensational save from Bettinelli. Sunderland don't want to go a full calendar year without winning here. This is Honeyman. Beaten away. Towards Grabban! They still keep banging on the door, but it just will not go in. How did we miss that? So, Joel Asoro and Josh Maja are coming on here for Sunderland. Listen to the reception that this young man gets. He's seen as a really exciting prospect. And look at the two youngsters flying forward and demanding the ball. It's squared across goal... and it couldn't reach Maja. Should we go out? Gibson bringing it back for Sunderland. Now there's space for Matthews to work with. Moved in towards Maja. Great first touch! Second touch, Josh Maja! That's how you introduce yourself, on Wearside! Josh Maja! Terrific first touch at his feet! And his second one isn't bad either. Into the bottom corner. And Sunderland lead. Sunderland four minutes away. Listen to the noise. Referee had a look at his watch. He's yet to blow. He does now! Sunderland have finally won a home game, 364 days on from the last! Hopefully, this is a turning point, 'cause we are Sunderland. And we're Sunderland till we die. Happy days. Come on! Well, it was organized. A bit of confidence. Three clean sheets. That's what you gotta remember. Anyway, I'm bloody freezing. I'm gonna go home and have me tea. All right? Absolutely amazing. It's just a really, really nice feeling to come in and just to be happy. And just to see everybody feel it. It's just great. It's just we've been waiting for so long. Maja, Maja, Maja! First goal, first league game. Just buzzing. I'm very happy. I'm happy I got my opportunity today, and I'm glad I took it. Yeah, delighted. The whole place, you can feel the energy here and the happiness. A good Saturday afternoon for us because it's been so long. We deserved it today, and the supporters certainly deserved it for sticking with us. No other manager... David Moyes couldn't do it. Simon Grayson couldn't do it. This man, Chirs Coleman, we love him. We've been waiting a long time for it. Chris Coleman, top man. Brilliant. What a speech! That's been a good one. It's electric. Once we scored like, the whole stadium erupted. Even at the end, you know, you'd think we won the cup. All's we done was win a game first time this year. To see the young lads come on as well. He was only on a few minutes. Five minutes. Class, man. It was class. I've got a gammon cooking for tomorrow. So once that's cooked, I'm gonna put my dressing on top. Honey mustard and brown sugar, and roast it. That's for our Christmas lunch with turkey and all the trimmings. The place is buzzing. Just relief, really, just to get that first win... in 364 days, it was. Instead of having one vodka, I had two vodkas to celebrate. Doubles, trebles. Merry Christmas! Grinch. Got him a special hat. Hopefully, we're on the up now. They do say miracles happen at Christmastime. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 