Sunderland 'Til I Die: Season 1, Episode 2 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Sunderland 'Til I Die 
 s1e2 - We Can't Walk Away - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Sunderland 'Til I Die (2018–…): Season 1, Episode 2 - We Can't Walk Away - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Huddlestone... out for Johnny Russell. He's gone inside here, Johnny Russell! Where's it gonna drop? Bradley Johnson delivers for Derby. Well, that's how life tends to be here in Sunderland. Derby's first attack, and they take full advantage. Well, Simon Grayson's face really tells the full story. They've dominated the opening 10 minutes or so. You've gotta be stronger defensively. Derby take the lead. An expected threat with the players that they have. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Being a keeper, if a goal's gone in, you've gotta get on with it. You've just gotta come back stronger. Try and turn it round. Was that a handball? -It was! -Penalty Derby disputes it, but the decision is made. A penalty, you should score. I think a penalty, you should definitely score. It's probably the best chance that you're gonna get to score. That's how I think about it. Because I've already put myself forward to take it. Not that anyone has, but I've got no intention of missing it. That's Lewis Grabban. Can he beat Scott Carson? Yes is the answer! 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 And Sunderland on the board! And they will certainly feel that's much more reflective of what they've put into this. But amidst adversity and the questioning of their character, Simon Grayson's side have certainly come up with an answer. We are Sunderland! We are Sunderland! It's great for Sunderland and Simon Grayson that people write them off. The pressure isn't there. They've got the opportunity now to go and show how good they'll be. Sunderland! Sunderland! Into the penalty area, Vaughan has headed onto Grabban! Lewis Grabban scores for Sunderland! Now McGeady with the shot! That's a fantastic goal from Aiden McGeady! Sunderland on the left with McGeady, bending the ball into the penalty area. Grabban's there! That's 3-0! Lewis Grabban scores! That should solve the points for Sunderland. Given their supporters so much to be hopeful about. So it may be a brand new Sunderland. You have. Come on. Be honest. Sandy, do you want a cuppa? There's been a real togetherness, since the start of the season. First league win in August since 2010. And for me, that is... an unbelievably positive start. Now we're gonna do double-knee! I need you to blue. High and long! We just gotta keep building on it. And in football, wins cover everything. I think Simon and I both recognize that. When you've got suspensions and injuries kicking in, that's when you need that depth of squad. So, it's very much myself and Simon sitting down and planning what we have to do to strengthen the squad. Big money is being spent in the Championship. Wolves have been throwing money around like confetti. Middlesbrough have been very busy in this window, and it didn't go without them making one more signing. As the transfer window gallops to a close, fans across the country are glued to their radios and the internet, wondering can their club afford to buy that special player. The transfer window gets the pressure on the clubs to get the right business done. A period of massive expectations for football fans everywhere. This transfer window's vital for Sunderland. We're lacking in numbers, and the numbers we've got is not the best quality. Every player we buy has got to be right. The August transfer window is absolutely key for a club like Sunderland, who suddenly are in the Championship. The people at the top have to help the manager get in who he wants. Any money they have, use it. Make some significant deals happen... to get yourself out of the Championship. As soon as a new manager comes in, then immediately you're talking about rebuilding the squad. You would discuss with the manager who the players are as such that you wanna bring in and what positions they play. I'll make sure we've done background checks and got the right medical history on the players. You work together to try and make it happen. I knew that we were not gonna have loads of money like other clubs, but we're very short on numbers. A lot of players left the club, and they need replacing. So what we try to do is bring in some players that will be hungry, and get some sort of value. Hopefully, the more victories will keep everybody happy and real positive. My black book has scribbles of figures and more figures relating to different players and different deals. I would like to say it's more scientific than it looks, but it's not. We are keeping track of the motion in the transfer window. We've got Barnsley standing by. If anything happens between now and when we go off air at 7:00. Last couple of months, I had some opportunities to play in Belgium, Greece, Denmark, stay in Holland as well, but... I had one dream, and I wanted to play for a club in England. I do lots of measurements as I go along. It takes a little bit longer, but then I can tell the club a fair amount today rather than doing measurements afterwards. It's fine. That's better, then I can sign today straight after the medical. Exactly. That's it. All good. -Thanks very much. -You're welcome, Robbin. And best of luck up in the Northeast and with Sunderland. -Yeah. I will give them my best. -Get them back up to the Premiership. -This season. No pressure. -I hope so. When I first came to the club, we didn't have a goalkeeper. We signed Jason Steele, but we needed that competition for players. We needed two goalkeepers to really push each other, and try and get the number 1 jersey. So to get him on a free, was a good bit of business we did as a football club. We must get you a Sunderland shirt. Yes, you can. Because of my job, we have to move to another country. Jade, she has to leave Holland as well. And she has to leave Holland because she loves me. I've got respect for her, and I'm really happy that she's willing to travel with me to England. And my son is going to be four months and... hopefully, he's gonna learn two languages. Then he will speak better English than his father. It's not always easy. My wife, she supports me all the way. This is my dream, and I have to follow it. Hopefully, I can show myself down, and if I do well, I will keep my spot between the sticks. Good luck. Opposite sides. Good. Yeah. Bring that ball. Great stretch. I've always been the number one at Utrecht. It's always when you come somewhere new, you have to compete with someone else for the spot. Steeley, last one! Yes! Get that hand up! That's the life of a goalkeeper. You compete with others. Nice and sharp. Good. As a striker, maybe you can play on the right wing or on the left wing. As a goalkeeper, it's not possible... because there's only one spot. Two keepers left the club in the summer. So it was always on the cards that they were gonna sign two. First time I met him, Robbin was in the changing room before training. He come in, and we shook hands. Listen, we're here at work, and it is what it is at the end of the day. Tough being in the first team. Like I said, it was dog eat dog. You're constantly getting hit. It's how many times you get back up. The last man standing wins, don't he? We always knew the new players who were gonna come in were gonna give the other players a kick on the backside and say, "We're here now to make this team better, and we'll take maybe your places." The intensity of training has increased, and hopefully, the proof will be in the pudding over the next few weeks with a few good results. Just to find out the very latest news on transfer's ins and outs... and rumors of what might happen next. Well, I think it's been made clear right from the start, right from the word go of Simon Grayson coming in, that he wasn't gonna have a huge pot of money to spend. He probably knew it would depend on quite a lot of wheeling and dealing, but it doesn't seem to be... There isn't a great deal of news about too much at the moment, is there? Ultimately, football these days is about money. Players are hard to come by. They are expensive. In terms of financial pragmatism of the club, there's been a number of mistakes in the past. Over the last five or six years, the club spent somewhere in the region of £343 million in transfer... and only recouped... I think the net spend is about 198. That's a colossal amount of money. I'm realistic enough to know that the club needs investment in the squad. So, I'm looking at a couple of young lads that aren't even 20 yet to come in. Up till January of last year, the club's last 40 signings... only three have yielded a profit for the club. So, what I'm suggesting or advocating is that... and this may seem fanciful, 75% of the first team pool... should be under 25. That would leave a manager with the potential to play six players in his starting 11, who are over 25. So any manager canny say, "You're asking me to win the league with kids?" They become assets. We're testing our best young talents, rather than playing with players who get us better results, but no end product for the club. I think the only question marks you would have... if they can meet the challenge without embarrassing us too much. I think it would be healthier for the club, healthier for the young players, and cheaper. I suppose we just really need to speak to Simon. Tell him because... I don't mean "tell him." We're gonna have to be resolute in it. Easy for me to say. Relegation last season was horrendous for the football club. Ultimately, if you go out of the Premier League go into the Championship, you go from 100 million in TV revenue to 40 million in TV revenue. So, the business has a cataclysmic shift, which is really hard to contend with. It's really just an attempt to... change the way we've been recruiting players. And there is an opportunity for us to recoup, as a club, a value on some of these players at that age group. We can try and do that, and if we look at the team at Preston, the average age of that team is about 22, 23. We've bought players for 20 grand, 50 grand. I knew I wasn't coming into a club that had everything going in the right direction, in a real positive manner. I knew there were gonna be hurdles, previously, along the way, because it's a rebuilding situation. Martin was one of the people who put his neck on the line by employing me, and ultimately, they're the people who make the decisions, and they're the people you do need a relationship with. We are gonna give an opportunity and pathway to our younger players. And hopefully, we will get the benefit of that. Obviously, I think the Academy is really good. I think we've got an unbelievable Academy. I just think it's such a big weapon. What's this? What's this? It's nice watching someone else run about. If we can build up some sort of setup for this to keep happening, then... you're building the club on a much more sold basis rather than buying in unknown players for how ever many million that look good on YouTube. Look at Jordan last year. He went for 30 mil. He's been at the club since he was seven. You know? It's like, he's one of my best mates. Growing up on the streets with few mates, all you would do is play football, day in and day out. I was about six at the time, and there was a young side just training. And they didn't have a keeper, so I just went and joined in 'cause I was bored. That's how I became a goalkeeper... basically. Sunderland have agreed to sell England goalkeeper Jordan Pickford to Everton for up to £30 million, which would make him the third most expensive keeper in the history of the game. You get your full first actual contract when you're under nine's. I got offered one then, and I've never looked back. We are into a penalty shootout. Fourth time against Jordan Pickford. Saved! Jordan Pickford! The quarter-finals of the World Cup. There are many people in this crowd today who would not even have been born the last time England were in a World Cup semi-final. There were chants of, "You're one of our own." Jordan Pickford is a hero! It's been a while since we got this far. Lads on the team from Sunderland, which is fantastic. He's only the second England keeper to save a penalty in a World Cup penalty shootout. It's a big change since I was 8 years old, going to the Academy of Light every day. George is the only one who's still there since I was there. He's a year below me, but known him since I was a 10-year-old. He's a great lad. You got dreams. You know what I mean? I would absolutely love to play for England. Get Sunderland back in the Premiership. They're all dreams at the minute. Just try and take it game by game. My aim is just to stay in the team one week at a time. George, at this moment, has proved he's got some good qualities. He's very energetic, he can handle the ball, he can play in different positions, which helps. We've talked about the risk that it entails, but we will give them the opportunity. Then it boils down to their attitude, their character. They've got this opportunity, and don't let it pass you by. I'm 22, and I'm only just breaking into the team. You have a lot of doubts. There's times when I thought, "Is it ever gonna happen?" Mistake by Jones, and it's McGeady loitering and looking to make something happen. He's warmed the hands of Joe Murphy. Promising start from both teams. Honeyman. I've worked my ass off for this. The manager came in and gave us a decent chance. We're gotta repay him when he gives us that chance. Can they just find that little moment? George Honeyman... Honeyman in with a chance here! And it's in! George Honeyman with a beautifully-taken winning goal. His first for the club he's served since he was just 10 years of age. It's what I was dreaming of. Now, it's actually happened. I've been here for more than half my life. I've been in the Academy for so long, and the club put faith in me. It was just a really special moment for us. Today, you saw his quality and his work rate, endeavor. Great opportunity for local lads to make a career in the game. The big thing we've talked about was momentum in this league because the games come thick and fast. It's gonna be a long, tough season, but... we just gotta keep grinding. Desperate for squad depth. The point you make about fatigue is absolutely spot on. They did. They looked knackered by the end, didn't they? It's a tough division. There's no getting away from it. It is a tough division. The squad, at this moment of time, it's very depleted. Relying a lot on youth players. It shouldn't be just youth players. The biggest deals of the day so far, Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain going to Liverpool for £35 million from Arsenal. Spurs have signed Serge Aurier, as well for £23 million. They're gonna need help from the bench. There will games where they will tire out. We need someone to bring on to help them out. And definitely a striker. That's what I'd like to see. I think that's the job of the manager now to bring a load of players in, who are ambitious and forward-thinking and gonna go and get promotions. Get up! Everybody who gets appointed the manager of Sunderland thinks that they're the one that's gonna be the real successful one. You do think that you can be the one to go and turn it around. Come on! Just keep it on the move. But... this isn't gonna happen overnight. It's like the Titanic or a big juggernaut that you're moving. George! I know that I'm judged on results, but hopefully, we'll be given the time to turn it around. Fuck off! Lee, a bitterly disappointing afternoon today. Yeah, very frustrating. We need some bodies. Let's be honest. We've not signed enough bodies. The squad's not big enough to cope. Hopefully, the club will approach that right. I think we suffered every year for lack of bodies. It's up to the lads we've got here now... to put on better performances than today. -Cheers. -Thanks, Lee. Appreciate that. All right. Let me see what I can do. All right. Okay, cheers. I've got seven scouts in England and one in Scotland... ...and their main focus has been going to League One and League Two games. So what we're charged with, as a recruitment department, is to produce a list of people that we think-- You've done this in terms of profiling these types of loans. For example, with not understanding what the wage budget... -might be. -Absolutely. You're a bit in the dark, aren't you? Run that by me again. What you're saying is, these are the leagues we've looked at certain players in? So in League One you've looked at 66 players that you've tracked. That's how many reports we've had back. Some are duplicates. For the club's circumstances, it won't make sense, 'cause you've looked at six in the Premier League, but it's unlikely we'll attract six Premier League players. Well, I think what the lads have tried to do, Martin, is just trying and cover a spectrum with a hint of pragmatism about it. Absolutely. I think this club is an excellent vehicle for any player to try and make his mark. I don't disagree with you. You think we make enough of that? I don't think we do. Why would a player come here as opposed to somewhere else? All the clubs are after this similar bunch of players, really. I think there's a lot of great signs that we're on the right track. I still think that we have got to be out there more. Talking more about what we do, showcasing more about what we do in and around. No, agreed. Get in and show your presence. No better way to do it than that. That speaks volumes for sure. At the moment, the whole outside world thinks... this club has nothing to offer. For sure. Then the final thing-- Why am I looking at Ibrahimovic at the bottom of this list? Did you find some money from somewhere? I'm the chief scout in charge of match reports on opposition. And sending the scouts out to cover games. And recruiting. Player recruitment. -Hi, mate. You all right? -Not bad, mate. Yourself? -Okay. Are you far off? -Just over five minutes, top. Do you want to go in this car, though, save your car? No, I'm all right. I'm not driving with you, mate. I want to make kick-off. You ever seen the film Driving Miss Daisy? Let's just say he's a careful driver. He'll never get done for speeding, that's for sure. -Hey, pal. Good to see you. -Nice to see you. Right, here we go. Can't wait, mate! You gotta go and look at what's gonna be available for you. It's no good just taking a game in for sake of the game. The job's hard enough. You have to concentrate on the players that you have in mind and what you have to work with there. Yeah, great Tuesday night out, to be fair. Honestly, it's better than sitting at home. It's a great pick out, innit? -Great pick out, innit? -Very good. That said, I prefer the other one. He's got gloves on. It's not even cold. It's not cold. They'll want two pairs on in Sunderland. There's better. There's better out there that I think we can get. I do. Things have got to change now. It's not good the fans keep saying, "We'll get better. We'll get better." We can't get better unless they invest, and they've got to get this club back. It all boils down to money. It isn't the players' fault. It isn't the manager's fault. It's not even Simon Grayson's fault. It's Ellis Short. Ladies and gents, good evening. Tonight is about an informal gathering. 'Cause many of you have been clients of the football club, and, obviously, supporters. I've looked, tonight, at the number of guests and someone gave me the specific level of spend, who you are, and what you're companies do. And I genuinely appreciate it because it is a significant amount of investment. Just to reiterate what Martin said, we appreciate your support. And, again, tonight, feel free to ask us whatever you want. Simple matter is we've got to win football matches. Without winning football matches, the club will get worse and worse. I think if a player becomes available that you think you might need, and not for a lot of money, two or three million, I think that player should be bought. That approach of the past is no longer the desire of the owner. He's not prepared to have a go again, and quite a large degree of investment into the playing squad. -That's not what he wants to do. -I think nobody can question Ellis Short's financial commitment to the club previously. I think the difficulty is that the decisions that Ellis Short made is what's wasted that money. Ultimately, he's now made the decision that's no longer gonna be funded to the kinda level of what it was previously. We can't walk away from this football club because we were born here. We were bred here. This football club is in our blood. He's put us in this position, as an owner. The decisions that he's made, to the people he's employed, and the money being spent, he's put us in this position. But it's us that's left with it, on a weekly basis, on a daily basis. If you're heading out to work, what're you doing? It's Deadline Day. Don't worry. We'll keep you across everything you need to know on our live transfer blog. Of course we want your views, too. What're your hopes and fears for your club today? As soon as I know anything concrete. It's still all over the place. If Cardiff is messing the journey up, then I have got another option. Give me five minutes. Nobody seems to do deals when they really should do deals. It always seems to go down to the last 24 hours. Mark, I think I can get the guy from Redding to Farnborough. We inquired about one or two options that we thought might come available. So, we've got two coming out of Farnborough, with agents? Just text them, though... We would like another striker, but the reality is, everybody else, right the way through football, is looking for that striker who's gonna get you a win. If you could get in the car now and start heading south to Farnborough airport... Good man, Gary Cottrell out and about. It's not just in the Premier League, big money is being spent in the Championship. What a day Birmingham's had! They signed Jota from Brentford at a record fee. Can my medical people speak to your medical people? Yeah? -Hello. -Hold off booking that plane. I've got a problem, and tell Brandy to come and see me. Right. Will do. He wants you there now, yeah. I don't even know when he came. Whenever we bring players to the club, their injury history is massive. Out of all these players, he was the perfect age and availability. No injuries. They come at a price. Gotta find the perfect player, but who doesn't come at a cost. That's where there's a lot of pressure on. Time is running out for clubs to make any last-minute buys. It's Deadline Day. So, we've got Marc Wilson coming in. Karen Casey. Nice to meet you. He's a central defender. There's another one as he charged across. When you had the issues with this knee, did it swell up? -It actually didn't swell up too bad. -More than just a pain thing -you were struggling with? -Just when I was striking the ball. We thought that Marc would be an experienced player. Republic of Ireland international. Experienced in the Premier League, and would contribute guidance to the younger players. Then from West Brom, I've got Callum McManaman. We knew about your ankle. You mentioned it. There was no suggestion of surgery. We needed an extra wide player with a little bit of pace and trickery about him. And we're hoping that he's gonna be the one that's gonna fill that role that we're looking for. I think when we look at Jonny, we were looking for a player who has something different. That little bit of creativity. Hopefully, we'll get the supporters on the edge of their seats. Hopefully, he's gonna be fit, and we'll see a real talented player in our books. Principally, the main parts of the deals are agreed with the agents and players. So now it's a case of getting them all scanned with the medical team, and back to here to go through the paperwork. And no doubt, some final negotiations. Plenty of activity up at Sunderland. In through the door, Callum McManaman on a free from West Brom on a two-year deal. Marc Wilson's there putting the finishing touches to a one-year free move from Bournemouth. -Welcome to the club. -Thanks very much. You'll be a roaring success. Congratulations. Well done. Congratulations. Another good one, good deal for us today. Jonny Williams, injuries of note: he ruptured his left abductor. So his groin. Traumatic injury. He missed off and on around about 10 months. Shoulder dislocation in December 2016. He has had an ankle injury as well. I've had a few injuries in the past. Ruptured my groin, broke my leg. Different ankle injuries, and dislocated my shoulder. I'm hopeful I can just come here and get back to my best. He's on his cardiac as we speak. Should be done in the next five minutes. Match-fit to play? -Yes. -He's training at the minute, isn't he? -We're happy. -Happy? Good. -Congratulations. -Thank you. Look forward to meeting you and having you as a great success. Thanks very much. -Once again, good luck. Well done. -Thank you. There he is, Big Ben, the old pal. We are getting closer to the famous moment, the eleven o'clock deadline fast approaching. Let me tell you this. Frantic activity around the country. No matter how many times you go through it, there is always an organized chaos. ...few minutes of this Deadline Day. There was a last minute twist where we had a player who we got contacted to say, "Okay, that might be an opportunity." Barry, it's me. Who's with you at Villa? I've made no secret that Ross McCormack is a player that I've liked, I had at Leeds. We would like to sign him for this football club. He's got the experience, he's a goal scorer, and he'll bring different type of qualities to the squad that we haven't got at this time. Great strength from Ayew darting at the heart of the Forest defense. McCormack! That's what Aston Villa have been waiting for. Ross McCormack gets his goal in front of the whole ten. Villa 1, Forest 1. Ask him for his email, so I can send a loan agreement. If I don't get it signed in two minutes, it won't happen. I'm sending this over to you just now, okay? Know what you're witnessing? Another signing taking place. Thirteen minutes to go. That's how I was instigated before the deadline. His agent rang and said, "There's a deal to be done with Aston Villa." And then it was basically hell for leather. Speaking to them, speaking to Chief Exec, speak to the agent. Okay, all right. Cheers. Fucking hell. Kill the camera for this part. The club desperately needed a striker. I completely get that. And when it came to the transfer, the financial terms were completely different from Villa's perspective. And the wrong thing to do in a transfer window is... jump in, and commit to lot of money, and plug the gaps in a way the club has done for a number of years. It's sticking plasters to solve problems. Don't go out and splash cash. It's not the thing to do. Five minutes after that, Martin comes in and... and tells me the news that I didn't want to hear. -Transfer window over. -Done. Done and dusted. Thank you. It's been a long day. A long two days. In fact, it's been a long summer. But I think we're pleased with what we've brought in. When somebody like Ross comes available, who has signed for Fulham for £12 million, recognized striker scores, then you get them over the line. I know it's difficult for people to understand, but I was brought in to restructure, to rebuild. We just need to win on the pitch. I've not been able to bring in players that maybe Sunderland supporters expected. Did I agree with it? No. But that's just my opinion. Subtitle Translation by: 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 