Slow Burn: Season 1, Episode 1 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Slow Burn 
 s1e1 - Episode #1.1 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Slow Burn (2020–…): Season 1, Episode 1 - Episode #1.1 - full transcript 
 Martha Mitchell, wife of Nixon's attorney general John Mitchell, makes a discovery that changes her life and threatens to take down a sitting president. She will be the first of many to ... 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Okay. I'm gonna tell you a story you probably haven't heard, a subplot of a story you might think you know. The story I'm talking about is Watergate, the two-bit burglary gone wrong and the series of extraordinary events that led to the undoingof an American president, Richard Nixon. - Out of Washington, D.C. is the talk of the capitol today. Five men were arrested early Saturday while trying to install eavesdropping equipment 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 at the Democratic National Committee. - You see, a lot of people went down in history because of that burglary in 1972, many of them the President's men. But there's one significant woman who was somehow left out of the script. - Martha, welcome. It's so good to haveyou with us. - The party's just beginning. - That's right. - Her name was Martha Mitchell. She was a fearless and charismatic woman who at that time was a prominent presence on the political scene. - Bill, how are you? 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 - Martha's husband was John Mitchell. He was Nixon's presidential campaign manager and a former Attorney General of the United States. - I was more involved than just being the Attorney General's wife. - Martha was not your typical cabinet wife for the era. She was a glamorous and outspoken Southern belle who had a reputation for talking a little too much. And in June of 1972, on the weekend of the Watergate break-in, Martha found herself across the country in California in an unthinkable situation. Afterwards, she had quite the tale to tell and no one to believe it. - Some of these things sound so incredible and yet the things you've said before... - The whole thing is incredible. - Have come true. - It's like reading a James Bond novel. You can't believe it. I can't believe what's happened to me. - What led her there? What did Martha know, and when did she know it? And why did no one listen when she tried to ring the alarm on Watergate, long before anyone else would be so bold? - Oh, David, you've opened up a kettle of worms. To go through that is utterly impossible. Itit dates back from the beginning. - But you get a lot of - Don't get me shot tonight, David, please. I'd like to live another 24 hours. - I have a hunch that by looking closer at Martha's story, we can glean a better understanding of the whole Watergate affair, because what we know about the scandal involving Nixon and his men is only part of the story. The rest is filled with surprises and the cast of unsuspecting participants just like Martha. - It is my constitutional responsibility to defend this great office against false charges. - What was it like to live through Watergate, without knowing how it was all going to end? - ...is causing this nation to neglect matters of far greater importance. - One way to find out is to look at that moment of American history... - Over. - As seen through the eyes of the people who lived it back when they had no idea it was coming. - If we learn the important lessons of Watergate, we can emerge from this experience a better and a stronger nation. I'm Leon Neyfakh. This is "Slow Burn." - My special guest today is certainly one of the most unusual women Washington has ever met. President Nixon admires her spunk, and her husband calls her his unguided missile. Please welcome the wife of the United States Attorney General, Mrs. John Mitchell Mrs. Martha Mitchell, here today. - Imagine it's 1971 and this is the way you've come to know Martha Mitchell. - These are hand-made. - Way before the Watergate scandal rocked the country, Martha was a household name. - And when you're called on in 15 minutes to be at the White House or something like that, you have to be able to - A constant fixture on talk shows, she became known in Washington as the Mouth of the South. - This is all teased in the front. - To understand how this singular woman's story came to intersect so decisively with President Nixon's, there's no better place to start than the town she came from. Pine Bluff, Arkansas. - Pine Bluff literallyand I can tell you without a doubt this was the greatest place to grow up as a kid. We knew everybody because we all went to Pine Bluff High, which was the high school in Pine Bluff. So in the South, everything revolves around football, and I was captain of what we called the Zebra Girls, and we're just like the little pom squad. Z-E-B-R-A-S! Zebras, Zebras are the best! Let's go, Z's! All right! And Thursday night of homecoming, we have a big bonfire. Thatthat night I actually had my cheerleader uniform on and then when it was time to announce the queen, umoh, my gosh. I mean, this just makes me want to tear up, I swear. Ittheythey said, "And your 1982 homecoming queen is," and then they did a drum roll, and they said, "Mandy Abbott!" And I literally jumped up out of my seat. My mouth is like thi they have a picture and it's in the yearbook. My mouth is as big as it could be. I screamed. I could not believe it. I'm Mandy Abbott Ware. I am a true Southern belle. - Wait a second. Where was this story going? - Okay, so my dad is Bob Abbott. He's pretty much a man about town. He's a mover and shaker, that's for sure. - I'm Bob Abbott and I own Abbott Enterprise. - And we own the Martha Mitchell House. - Oh, that's right. Martha Mitchell. - This is the Martha Mitchell home. It was built by her grandfather. I have been the caretaker of this house for the last 40 years, and I have the responsibility to make sure it doesn't disappear. - Bob Abbott bought the Martha Mitchell House in 1975, just a year before she died. - Martha was special. During her funeral, every major newsperson everABC, NBC they even had people from from England writing a story about it. And I knew that from that day that this old house was a historical house after that because if she hadn't have been historical, they wouldn't have showed up here. Martha Mitchell was born up there in the bedroom right up over us. Across the hall upstairs, we have Martha's bedroom when she was a teenager. This painting that's hanging on the wall here was commissioned for the inaugural ball. You can look at that and she's a Southern belle, isn't she? No, she's a Southern lady there. - So a Southern belle would definitely be very demure. We have a genuine graciousness to us and, um, just want to make people feel at home or part of the family. It's usually uh, a little bit upper middle class to, you know, uppermiddle class. - When Martha was young, the most famous version of a Southern belle was a character in one of the most popular movies of the time, "Gone With the Wind." The character's name was Scarlett O'Hara, and in addition to her beauty, she was known for her willfulness and her departure from social norms for women of her era. Scarlett was bold and uncompromising. Martha Mitchell would grow up to become the real thing. - I have to say today I've had a lot of people calling and talking about the Martha Mitchell house andand they also talk about what's happening inin D.C., and some of the ladies will say, "I wish she was around now. I'll bet you she'd give them her tongue." And, uh, they just seem to think that that Martha saved the world at one time and they need somebody like her up there again. - In 1946, Martha married a salesman named Clyde Jennings, and the couple moved to an apartment in New York City. A friend picked up on hints of unhappiness in her marriage and set her up on a blind date with a successful Wall Street lawyer named John Mitchell. - John Mitchell, he was a prince of a guy. Always had a pipe. Kinda easy-going, but Martha was a character. She was very talkative. - John and Martha started seeing more and more of each other, spending evenings sharing Chinese food in the Village. Soon Martha left her first husband and officially became Martha Mitchell. - John Mitchell was a decent man. He was an investment bond lawyer up there in New York and probably was minding his own business and never never intended to get involved with politics. - There's one thing for certain about New York. There's only one direction to go, and that's up. - In 1967, Mitchell's law firm merged with that of another very successful young lawyer, a man named Richard Nixon. - The two grew fond of each other. Mitchell advised Nixon regarding his political aspirations, and in the run-up to the 1968 election, Mitchell helped spearhead Nixon's first successful presidential campaign. - All right, thank you very much. - Nixon eked out a slim victory that election year against Hubert Humphrey, just enough to install him in the highest office in the country. In 1969, Nixon thanked his friend Mitchell by offering him an extremely high-profile job. - And I will bear truth, faith, and allegiance to the same. - Attorney General of the United States. And Martha was right there next to him. While John Mitchell busied himself with the affairs of the president, his wife found ways to amuse herself. - What's your life like in Washington? - It's just so different, that one cannot tell you, because even when I tell my own friends what life is like, and they look at my long schedule, they don't believe me. - Of course, a political life isn't like a normal person that can do and say what they please. - Right. - But I do say what I please. - Yeah. I've been called everything in this town, girl. It don't make any difference. - Martha's transition from small town Southern belle to media-savvy D.C. socialite was remarkably smooth. Over the course of Nixon's first term as President, she became a bona fide celebrity. - Over time she gradually developed this persona of this public figure an image of herself, um, as flamboyant. She liked the attention. - How are my boyfriends? - Has he confided anything in you? - Well, I understand that that rumor was started because somebody made a telephone call and said it was Martha Mitchell. - Martha Mitchell liked to talk, and she particularly liked to talk to reporters, and she particularly liked to talk to reporters between about like, 1:00 a.m. and 3:00 a.m. - Oh, ladies and gentlemen! - To tell them all the gossip that she heard and just share her opinions more broadly, which was really unusual for cabinet members' wives in the era. - Please excuse me. - Martha's late night calls were legendary, and a red rotary telephone became an iconic symbol associated with her. - If you don't call me, I will call you. - But you're a woman whose husband is, uh, powerful in the country. I mean, has anybody ever tried to stop you from talking out loud? You know, 'cause see, I'm sure youyou realize that could be dangerous for a political party. A wife speaking out. I mean, that's always been like, ugh. I would think they would try to say, "Uh, gee, Mrs. Mitchell, maybe you shouldn't make those statements." But nobody ever does? - Oh, heavens, no. They laugh at me. - Iis this the partyto whom I am speaking? - Yes, this is Martha Mitchell. - Tell me, Mrs. Mitchell, do you have any time at allleft over for hobbies? - Yes, I like to read the funny papers. - The funny papers. Wwhich onesare your favorites? - The "New York Times" and the "Washington Post." - Oh, Mrs. Mitchell,you know its gems like that that make me understandwhy they call Washington, D.C."Martha's Vineyard." Hhello?Hello? - With her fondness for gossip and her cozy relationship to the press, Martha walked the line of getting on Nixon's bad side. On one occasion, he told his chief of staff in a meeting, "We have to turn off Martha." One might wonder why a man as powerful as the president would be bothered by the day-to-day musings of a cabinet member's wife, but Martha was not merely a talker. She also listened closely to her husband's conversations, to his meetings with staff, to late night phone calls between their apartment and the White House. But here we should take a step back from Martha for a moment. To understand how she got herself mixed up in this in the first place, it helps to know a little bit about how her husband's boss conducted himself in office, because whatever concerns Nixon may have expressed about Martha, it could have only been heightened by a major obsession of his... Leaks. - An FBI report that leaked out yesterday said - To find the sources of unauthorized leaks to newsmen - Expressed some unhappiness over the leaks on the talks in Washington. - There are leaks to the press because somebody wants to show off. They have more power than they do or that they actually have the power. There are leaks to get back at someone. Vengeance leaks. There are all kinds of reasons that people leak. - Nixon hated leaks. He hated when classified information and even just private information from the White House would make it out into the newspapers. - I think it is time in this country to quit making national heroes out of those who steal secrets and publish them in the newspapers. - And if you're Richard Nixon gearing up for re-election, trying to fix those leaks, who do you call? - In 1971, this so-called plumbers unit is created. The head of the unit was a guy named Howard Hunt, a former CIA operative who also wrote spy novels. One of the people he hired was G. Gordon Liddy, by far and away the most zealous, over-the-top enthusiast. He was former FBI. Bud Krogh who had been active in Nixon's drug policy. There was David Young, who was a Kissinger aide. There was a whole kind of cluster of these shady figures, some with some government experience or police experience. The plumbers' job, as the name suggests, was to plug the leaks. - All of it was done behind closed doors. It could only be effective if you didn't know what was going on. - They would do almost anything on the president's behalf, because to stop leaks in the White House is like trying to stop Niagara Falls with a squeegee. - With his team of plumbers occupied, Nixon focused on winning a second term in the White House. He quietly set up campaign offices one block up Pennsylvania Avenue, a stone's throw from the White House, and in 1972, he officially formed the Committee to Re-Elect the President. - Committee for the Re-Election the President. May I help you? - Which critics referred to by the acronym "CREEP." - The Committee to Re-Elect was unlike any political campaign I had been in before or after. My name is Roger Stone. In 1972, I was the youngest member of the Committee to Re-Elect the President. Ran like a corporate headquarters. Burnt orange carpets, ring tone phones, no posters on the wall, no campaign paraphernalia anywhere in sight. It really ran like a button-down IBM-type corporation. - The committee was initially headed by a Nixon aide named Jeb Magruder, though it was generally agreed upon that he was just keeping the chair warm for John Mitchell. - Jeb Magruder, I remember I was impressed at how highly-polished his shoes were and how letter-perfect he looked. He looked like a Ken doll. - In addition to high-level operatives like Magruder and fresh new political workers like Stone, somehow many of the former plumbers made their way on to the CREEP staff. One of these was a man named James McCord, a former CIA officer with zero prior experience in politics. - Jim McCord was the director of security. He sat at a desk right near the front door, uh, and I knew him to say good morning to, and I hadhad to go him to get my photo ID to get into the office after hours. I thought he was kind of a spooky character, to tell you the truth. - But first, the Attorney General on the campaign... - Confirming the public speculation, John Mitchell eventually resigned his role as Attorney General to head up Nixon's re-election campaign. - This had been expected. Mitchell said that he could most benefit the American people by helping to keep Mr. Nixon in the White House. - Together with the band of former plumbers and the president himself, Mitchell strategized about how to keep Nixon in the Oval Office for a second term. Martha, on the other hand, looked at it a little differently. - Martha didn't like this move from being Attorney General because she regarded that as a demotion and she decided that if her husband was gonna be head of the Committee to Re-Elect the President, that she herself was also going to work. And so she campaigned for Richard Nixon very hard. - She was very politically conservative, and although she didn't agree with Nixon on everything, she believed that he was the right man for the country. - Hello, everybody. Isn't this a great,great day? I'm having so much fun. - While the Committee to Re-Elect the President was the official engine of Nixon's campaign... There remained an undeniable connection between its offices and staffers at the White House. - My office at the start of the president's re-election campaign was doing a lot of the work. My name is John Dean. I was White House Counsel, otherwise known as Counsel of the President. The campaign wasn't really our job, but, uh, we found ourself just taking on these responsibilities so they got done. - Bill, how are you? - At this point, Mitchell was still Attorney General. - Committee for the Re-Election of the President. - And the Committee to Re-Elect was just getting its bearings. - And the re-election committee didn't have aa lawyer, so Bud Krogh said, "Do you know Gordon Liddy?" I said, "No, I don't. I don't know him at all." He said, "Well, he's a former FBI agent, "he's a good lawyer, and Erlichman thinks he, uh, would be ideal over there." - Ehrlichman was one of Nixon's closest advisors and at his suggestion, CREEP hired Gordon Liddy, one of the Plumbers, as general counsel for the campaign. - One day my secretary said, "Gordon Liddy wants to see you in his office right away." I thought that was strange, so I knocked on the door. He said, "Come in." I walked in. He said, "Shut the door." I shut the door. He was looking down at a paper. He looked up to me and he said, "Get a fucking haircut. "You represent the President of the United States. Now get the hell out of here." Then he looked back down. There was this tremendous desire among Nixon's people to show how tough you were. This was meant to impress the boss. - As the committee soon found out, there was a lot to Liddy's background that was left out of the introduction. - I realize today that they were trying to get Liddy out of the White House. They think he's a loser, he's trouble, he's a loose cannon, so they pawn him off on myself and John Mitchell. I had been told to tell him that one of his assignments would be to gather political intelligence, that Mitchell clearly wanted that to be part of the general counsel's responsibility. The problem is nobody had any idea that Liddy would flip that upside down. Jeb Magruder, the number two man at the re-election committee, calls me and said, "Liddy has developed his intelligence gathering plans "for the campaign, "and he wants to present them to Mitchell. "Would you attend? Because I just think you should be there." At this meeting, Liddy has charts on an easel that I later learned he had had the CIA prepare. And he uses a series of gemstones as the keys. There's crystal, there's ruby, there are all these different plans. It's craziness, though. He says to Mitchell, "General, what we're going to do to deal "with the anti-war demonstrators "is we're gonna kidnap their leaders and drug them and take them below the border..." "And keep them out of commission during the campaign." And Mitchell kind of puffs on his pipe and says, "Well, Gordon, II don't know if that's necessary." He had other things like he was going to intercept ground-to-air communications of the president's opponent's airplane by having a chase plane. He went on and on with these different plans... And I was dumbfounded. At one point I look over at Mitchell, uh, who's puffing his pipe and he kinda winks at me. Like, he's just hearing this out. He doesn't wanna cause a ruckus over it and throw Liddy out the window, which is what he should have done. I kept my mouth shut for a long time until Liddy finally said, "We also have a plan, General, to crack the inner circles of the Democratic party." - Will the 36th annual convention of the Democratic Party please come to order? - Liddy says, uh, "Down in Miami near the convention center "we are leasing a house boat that'll be on a canal "and it's got a two-way mirror on it, "and we will record the Democratic Party officials who we'll lure to these house boats with hookers." "We will get them to confess up some of the inner secrets of the Democratic Party." And at that point I said, "Gordon," I said, "You gotta be kidding." And he shoots daggers in his looks at me when I interrupt his presentation and he turns to Mitchell and he says, "General, I want to assure you, "these are the finest girls from Baltimore. They're very competent." But when Liddy says, uh, that he can do all this for a million dollars, Mitchell very clearly says, "Gordon, that's far more money than wewe're gonna spend "on something like this. "Why don't you go back to the drawing board for something more realistic? - John Mitchell seems to think that while some of Liddy's stuff is either too expensive or too ridiculous, um, that other elements are perfectly fine. - And so what I said is, uh, "The things you all are discussing "should never be discussed in the office of the Attorney General." I just thought it was insane and was giving everybody a way to end this thing, and II didn't know if that would end it or what would end it. - Dean's warnings didn't seem to stick, and Liddy did not get kicked out of the office. With orders to trim his budget, he got to work, and Mitchell turned his attention to another aspect of campaign life: the parties. It was here in Southern California where the fate of the Mitchells would ultimately unravel. Richard Nixon was a California native and throughout the years, he would return to his home state in search of support for his political campaigns. - In June of 1972, my husband and I hosted a Hollywood Nixon soirée. My name is Caryl Carothers, Mrs. A.J. Carothers. In the '70s we were living in Brentwood and also in Pacific Palisades. We did have a lovely large circle of friends. A lot of them were in show business, were in film and television. Mary Ann Mobley and Gary Collins were very dear friends of ours and, uh, they wanted to host a fundraiser for the Republican Party. So they asked if they could use our house, because we had a larger house and we lived on the Palisades Cliffs overlooking the ocean, so it was a nice setting, and so Iwe said, "Sure, of course." - During the '72 campaign, the Committee to Re-Elect the President went west many times and the glamorous Hollywood soirée was a common event. These parties were held at lavish beachfront homes like Caryl's, and they were meant to attract donors as well as high-society interest, to get a sense of what it felt like to be immersed in Nixon-land in the summer of 1972. - It was a light-hearted affair. A very nice gathering. It was a lovely day and full of glamorous people. Some politicians who were there as well. Statesmen, I should say. John and Martha Mitchell were the main attraction. There was a lot of press outside in the front of the house and they were all waiting for John and Martha Mitchell to come. - She loved the campaign trail, and she was a big draw by this time. They knew that if they invited Martha, the event would be sold out, packed to the gills if she was gonna be there because she was such a media sensation. - You're really in demand, aren't you? - Well, I don't knowabout that. - But do you likedo you like show business or politics? - Well, they're very similar. - Now, I don't know - Martha loved celebrities, and there were plenty of them. Here we see Charlton Heston, Clint Eastwood, and John Wayne. - One of The Monkees was there, and it was Micky Dolenz, and that was kind of exciting for the boys. - The one that stands out the most was one of The Monkees. I was eight years old in 1972. One of the things that I remember most clearly about that day was walking around the house and in particular walking around in the front yard, because the party was going on in the back, so my brothers and I were kinda hanging around in the front yard, and at one point we found grown men in suits hiding in the bushes. We found out later that they were Secret Service men, but at the time, we didn't even know what a Secret Service man was, so it was confusing and surprising andand we thought it was hysterical, so my brothers and I kept going up to them. You know, right up to them and saying, "Hi. What are you doing here? Why are you in the bushes?" - It was no wonder the Secret Service was swarming the place. First Lady Patricia Nixon, someone who always held Martha at a cool distance, was also in attendance. - There was two such totally different women. Martha was up and vivacious and very celebrity conscious, and I think Patricia was always uncomfortable in that circumstance. Patricia was very low-key andand not flashy at all and I think she thought that Martha was sort of aa flighty kind of person. So I don't think that they were close friends. - But aside from the tension between the two political wives, the party was a great success, bringing in thousands of dollars for the Nixon campaign. At the same time, there were hints of other pressing business in the air. - There were some Secret Service men who came in looking rather, uh, agitated and said, could they useuse a phone someplace that was private? And so they went upstairs to my office. And I heard someone talking to Jeb Magruder. Then Mary Ann told me very quietly there had been a break-in, and that's what they were concerned about, but she said, "Don't tell anybody," so of course I didn't. - There was a break-in at the Democratic Party headquarters. Everybody thought it was nothing more than just a local Washington, D.C. B&E;, as they called it breaking and entering. I'm Lesley Stahl, correspondent at "60 Minutes." When it happened, CBS thought they should send someone because it was the Democratic Party headquarters. Uh, so they sent the new kid. They didn't think this was important at all. I didn't have a camera. I was just sent to cover the arraignment of the burglars. So I walked in with very little hope that I was gonna have a real story. According to police, five men were caught with bugging equipment inside the Democratic National Committee Headquarters at the Watergate. - While trying to install eavesdropping equipment - The burglars broke thorough a fire escape door - By the time the first news of the burglary was trickling in over the airwaves, John Mitchell would have been fully aware of the situation, and in looking at images of that day, you begin to see them in a new light. What was going on behind the scenes, and how concerned was Mitchell in this moment? - At one point, uh, during the afternoon, John Mitchell walked out to the edge of our property which overlooked the ocean and down, uh, to the Pacific Coast Highway down the cliffs. There was not a fence and he was awfully close to the edge, and so I just pulled him back and said, "I think you should step back a little bit." And he just said, "Thank you very much," and commented on what a pretty view it was and, uh, then went back inside, but I know what he was thinking as he looked out, uh, over that vast, uh, ocean to what was gonna come next. - When John Mitchell learns about this, he is very eager to get on a flight back to Washington, D.C. to handle things, but he can't show that this bothers him at all, because he's not even supposed to know about this burglary. - And he didn't say a word about any of this to Martha. Because the last thing that he wants is to have his very nosy, very gossipy wife, Martha Mitchell, sniffing around. So he decides to keep Martha back in California. - Martha, unaware of the trouble back in D.C., was looking forward to spending the weekend unwinding by the pool. By the next morning, the Mitchells had arrived at their usual vacation spot. - Further south toward Newport Beach, there are six lovely miles of sun-warmed sand for those who care. And who doesn't? - Newport Beach is one hour south of Los Angeles. A modern hotel has long since replaced the Newporter Inn, which operated on these grounds in 1972. Back then, the Newporter Inn was a favorite of the Mitchell family and it was a comfortable place for John to leave Martha while he went back east. - John just told her that he needed to go back to Washington but that everything was fine and she could stay on the west coast and enjoy the sun and the beach and not worry about anything going on back in Washington. - John Mitchell quietly got his staff together and flew back to D.C. - They left me in California. And I knew something was wrong, but I didn't know exactly what it was. - The first day, John Mitchell kinda keeps her busy with pool parties and meeting with people, things like that. But then he has to kinda just make sure that she's in lockdown. - Most of the offices have been checked for electronic bugs, and none has been found. - This Democratic National Committee break-in is going to be a story. It's going to be a story in "The New York Times" and "The Washington Post" and "The Los Angeles Times." - One of the suspects, James McCord, operates his own security company in Washington... - And he knows that if she hears about the Watergate break-in, the jig is up, because one of the burglars is a man named James McCord. - This is a police photograph of James W. McCord. He is one of five persons surprised and arrested yesterday inside the... - James McCord was somebody who Martha Mitchell knew because he had worked as kind of a bodyguard for John Mitchell, and he was somebody who had been driving her kids back and forth to school. So Martha Mitchell knew that he was somebody connected to John Mitchell and the Committee to Re-Elect the President, and so she would know that he was connected to the administration and that the administration was involved. - Well, thank you very much. - So he's got to keep her away from the television, away from the radio, away from the newspapers. - McCord is a former CIA employee. - It cleans and shines. - So he has some of his people, including a bodyguard named Steve King, keep her huddled away in a room. - But the quarantine did not last long. Despite King's best efforts, within the first days after the break-in Martha got her hands on a copy of "The L.A. Times." - She sees James McCord's picture, and predictably flips out. - I call it the shock treatment. I didn't know anything was going on. Why did they let me go all this time without knowing about the break-in at Watergate? Why did they leave me out here? Why did they suggest that I stay in California? - In the article, Martha's husband was quoted saying that McCord wasn't really a member of the Committee to Re-Elect the President. - Former Attorney General John Mitchell said McCord and the others were neither acting on behalf of the campaign committee, nor with its consent. - All McCord had done for CREEP, according to Mitchell's statement, was help install their security system months before the burglary. - Mitchell said he was surprised and dismayed at the reports. - Martha knew that her husband was lying, but she didn't know why. - And so she does what Martha Mitchell does best. She sneaks away, finds a telephone, and she calls Helen Thomas, who covers the White House for UPI. - She was in California and she sounded unhappy, and she sounded, I thought, low and a bit lonely. - John Mitchell and Richard Nixon's worst fears were about to come true. The Mouth of the South herself, Martha Mitchell, knew that something was going on, and she was going to talk about it. - And I've never talked to her yet but what I haven't gotten a good news story, and the Democratic headquarters alleged bugging incident had broken out, and that was my immediate question. "Well, what do you think about that?" And this really set her off. - She doesn't say, "Listen, I've got the dirt on James McCord." That would have made all of this a lot easier. Instead what she says is that her husband needs to get out of the Committee to Re-Elect the President, that she will leave him if he doesn't leave politics. - And she said, "I've given John an ultimatum," and pretty soon, I mean, we're into a conversation. - And at this point, maybe she would have spilled the beans, but according to Helen Thomas, the thing that happened next is that she hears Martha yelling that somebody is taking the phone away from her. And then the line goes dead. - And that was the beginning of my behind held a prisoner. I am up calling Helen Thomas, and this bodyguard rushes in and jerked out the telephone. - Mitchell then tries to escape, and in the kind of wrestling back and forth with the bodyguard, Steve King, she somehow puts her hand through a plate glass door. There's blood everywhere. It's an absolute mess. They also call in a psychiatrist. She recalls being held down on the bed while someone injects her with some kind of psychotropic drug. - Meanwhile, back in Washington, Helen Thomas had heard enough to know something was up. - I heard her saying, "Get away, get away," and I didn't know what was happening, and then there was a phone disconnect. She was just launching into something, and it was very clear that somebody didn't want her to talk. So then I tried very hard to get in touch with John Mitchell and finally got him on the phone, and he was not too perturbed, and he said, "I love that little girl." And he said, "There, there, I've promised her that I am going to leave politics. So it seemed that everything was going to be all right. - But everything was not going to be all right. In fact, things were about to get very ugly. After getting her hand stitched up at a local hospital, Martha flew back east, but she remained furious at her husband and deeply shaken by her experience. - No, no, no, no, when I got back to New York... - Well, how did you - I had both arms in bandages. - Was it the bodyguard, Steve King, who did that to you? - Right. - And how could he dare to do that to the wife of the former Attorney General and now head of CREEP? - And why could they keep me in one room for so long, David? - I don't know. - Because I was the greatest challenge they had. I can answer your question. - Earlier this week in one of her celebrated phone calls, Martha Mitchell threatened to leave her husband, John, unless he quit politics. She also claimed she had been manhandled by security agents working for President Nixon's re-election committee. - Martha started to blow the whistle on Watergate. - Hey, get off of my ! - And the Republicans began to portray her as crazy so that we wouldn't believe her. - The Nixon Administration was putting out the line, a line that was put forward by John Mitchell, her husband, as well saying, "Poor Martha, she's just gone a little crazy. "Poor Martha, she had to go to a mental institution. "Poor Martha, she's an alcoholic. She needs to go dry out." - These White House rumors are persistent. "Martha Mitchell's crazy. "Martha Mitchell's an alcoholic. Martha Mitchell's this, Martha Mitchell that." - And putting out those stories, especially in a time when women weren't taken that seriously, it was a pretty easy way to discredit her, by saying that she was hysterical, and that's exactly what the Nixon Administration did. - You did say, Mrs. Mitchell - Some people feelthat perhaps Martha is imbibing a bit or maybeshe's a little bit high when she makessome of these calls. What do you think? - You brought up the rumor that is going around that Martha Mitchell drinks a lot. - Yes. - Do you do that? - I drink as much as anybody else does. - You said, "Barbara, a lot of people say that I drink, that I'm an alcoholic." - This is the normal thing that the White House has put out about people they want to discourage and get rid of. - The White House tried to have you - I can document it and I have. - Do you drink, Martha? Do you drink when you make those phone calls? - I amwhen I make phone calls? - Phone calls. - To be fair, Martha did like to drink. Johnnie Walker Black on the rocks to be precise. And she took pills. She lived an indulgent lifestyle that to an outsider could very well appear to be, well, crazy. - And if you think about it, her story sounds insane. - Martha, are you still in control of yourself, of your mind? - Well, I feel I am. - Like, nobody held you hostage and threw you through a plate glass door and then held you down and injected you with drugs. - Is it possible that you are a paranoid person? - I mean, this sounds crazy. - Let me ask you the obvious question. - What is obvious? - Are you crazy? - Yeah. - So maybe she was crazy. The question is, does that mean she was wrong? - Even I fell under the sway of this campaign to make her seem like she was nuts. - The smear campaign worked. Over the next few months, the story of the break-in would drift away, but the unflattering portrayals of Martha would linger. As she had requested, John resigned from CREEP. - The former Attorney General said he was quitting in order to be able to devote more time to his wife and family. - And the Eastern, Midwestern and Southern states indicate that if this... - And in November, Nixon would win re-election handily. - President Nixon will be re-elected in a landslide, and it may, may surpass the record popular vote... - Despite his resignation, the scrutiny of John Mitchell and his role in the Watergate affair remained. And over the course of the following year, things would get worse for the Mitchells. - When did you first hear of bugging plans? - On June 17th. - Were discussions of bugging ever held in your presence with G. Gordon Liddy Jeb Stuart Magruder? - No such operations were ever approved by me at any time under any circumstances. - Mr. Mitchell - Mr. Mitchell has become the fall guy. - You say - Don't you agree with me? - By the spring of 1973, Martha began to fully defend her husband against the gathering storm of Watergate. - And you can place all the blame right on the White House, and if you've got any sense at all, you'll go out and find out where it is. - What do you mean,"on the White House"? - What do I mean, "on the White House"? - The blameon the White House. - Well, where do you think all this originated? Do you think my husband's that stupid? And whom do you think he's been protecting? Whom? - I have no idea. Who? - The president and I have never discussed the Watergate aspects and those details except in so far as they affected the campaign. - Why not? - Excuse me, ladies and gentlemen. - Why not, Mr. Mitchell? - The noose was tightening around John Mitchell. - So you boys go out and get some information. That's what I'm asking you. - Mrs. Mitchell - Go out and get some information. - And Martha Mitchell was kind of the canary in the coalmine. She kept telling us, "This is gonna unravel. Something awful is happening." - Isn't it horrible, isn't it unbelievable that John and I, we go to Washington and tried to do something good for our country, and what do we end up? Isn't it horrible? I'll tell 'em. I'll tell 'em all. And you know what they're gonna do, they'll probably end up killing me, but II depend on you, the press, to protect me. - Your wife has said or at least been quoted as saying she felt her life was even in jeopardy. - Well, I don't know who quoted her as saying it, but she looks pretty good time and I think she's in pretty good shape. - Did she in fact say that? - Behind the scenes, a bitter divide was forming in the Mitchell household. Even has Martha proclaimed John's innocence, their marriage was rapidly disintegrating. - The man is not John Mitchell that I knew, not anywhere near the man I knew. He's another person. Just a few months ago he was still telling me I was the most wonderful woman on the Earth. You just don't change overnight like that unless something happens. - After her experience in California, Martha had made one request of her husband. It came down to a question of loyalty. He had to choose between her and his old friend, Richard Nixon. Ultimately, John chose the latter. - The strain of the past few weeks has been obvious. He's a very angry man. - Come on, fellas. We gotta get to the plane. - As far as John Mitchell's concerned, he's dead, absolutely dead. He doesn't exist. - Well, you know,you're separated now and planning to get divorced,are you, at some point? Will you ever marry again,do you think? - No. No, no. - Why not? - Well, I've lost my trust in human nature. - You've lost your trustin human nature because you've seentoo much what? - Because I have loved a man to the hilt and then all of a sudden everything turns out to be lies. How could you take it? How can you trust anybody? How can you believe in anybody? It's impossible. - Here on more details in the news, and here is Lew Wood. Good morning. - Good morning, Barbara, thank you. Good morning, everyone. As you have learned, Martha Mitchell, who was known for her outspoken comments at the time of Watergate died this morning in a New York hospital. She had been under treatment for some months for bone cancer... - Martha died in 1976, estranged from her husband and ravaged by bone cancer. - Martha passed away in a big New York hospital all by herself and alone. If she had been around here, I'm certain without a doubt she wouldn't have been alone. So I guess that's the price you pay when you leave home, isn't it? If she was around now, no telling what would be going on. - After her funeral, Pine Bluff erected a bust in her honor. On the bust's granite pedestal, there is an inscription. "Ye shall know the truth and the truth shall make you free." - She kept telling us, "This is big. The whole structure of our system's gonna unravel." She was a major figure. Doesn't get enough credit for her bravery. - Psychologists talk about a phenomenon in which someone gets diagnosed as delusional 'cause they're saying things that seem totally crazy and implausible, but then it turns out they're not crazy at all. What they're saying is true. They call that phenomenon the Martha Mitchell Effect. In the aftermath of the break-in, Martha was not the only one raising hell over crazy, implausible things, and as we will come to see, there were plenty of those to go around. Wads of foreign currency in the hands of CIA operatives. - President Nixon has pulled down an iron curtain of secrecy. - Death threats wielded in Capitol Hill elevators. - He's proved himself to be a gutless coward. - Recording devices hidden in the Oval Office. - That is cancer be removed immediately. - Anybody who'd be in politics right now would do the same thing as Nixon is doing. Impeach Nixon now! Impeach Nixon now! - It would all unfold on television in the living rooms of millions of Americans, who, like Richard Nixon, had no idea how any of it would turn out. The story keeps getting stranger, and we're just getting started. - I actually realized what had happened, 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 