Frisky Dingo: Season 1, Episode 5 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Frisky Dingo 
 s1e5 - Kidnapped! - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Frisky Dingo (2006–2008): Season 1, Episode 5 - Kidnapped! - full transcript 
 Killface, desperate for $12 billion to complete the Annihilatrix, decides to kidnap billionaire tycoon Xander Crews. But things quickly go south for our villain, starting just about the same time that Pil vomits in the minivan and finishing up when plucky reporter Grace Ryan falls into drums full of super-intelligent, radioactive waste-covered ants. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Previously on Frisky Dingo... [Screeches] CREWS: What do you mean they got smart? From living inside the computers. ll think they've been eating RAM. Hey, baby. It's me. Oh, my God. Guess who's giving me an exclusive interview? And as God is my witness, 1 will have my revenge on Xander Crews! All right, Phil. Come on. Hurry up. Xander Crews isn't going to kidnap himself. Inside Phil's tummy. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Shut up, Phil. And what do you think you're doing? [Mumbling] Oh, really? Well, bright young lads who bring home a "C" in Earth Science and a "C-" in Algebra don't get to go on a lovely kidnapping. [Mumbling] Yes, as a matter of fact. We'll probably use algebra like mad today. STAN: What are you doing? CREWS: Fish sticks, we don't want them in here. The government closed down the ant farm keyboard factory, and I can't take them to my house. My mom has this like bug-a-phobia thing. I bet she's loving you right about now. And fillet of you. And what is that on your head? 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 WATLEY: I think those are gonna be eye stalks. You are all [beep] up. This whole company's [beep] up, thanks to you. How is this possibly, any of it, my fault? Besides the dolls nobody's buying, and the super- intelligent ants that may very well mean the end of [beep] civilization? - Well, obviously besides that. - Dammit. Watley, take the damn ant farm keyboards to the dump. Oh, and that radioactive waste... can also go. - What the hell's that doing in here? - Got a lot of dogs in the fire, Stanimal. I also have a new plan for the dolls, so shut up and let's go. - We're not going back to Vegas? - We can't ever go back to Vegas! Yeah, 'cause that's how my love burns. Don't worry, baby. I'm coming for you. Do you even know how huge this Killface interview could be for me? Uh, so huge your boyfriend will learn your name? - [Laughter] - Why would you even say that? Because I care about you. We all do. Really? [Sniggers] No! We don't. KILLFACE: Right, then, here we are, smack in the belly of the beast. Now on my signal, I want you to pop that canister of sleeping gas, and-- - What are you doing? - Nothing. You're getting pretty for the crab man. - No, no, no. - Yes, you are. - Hey, is that Crews? - Shut up, Phil. You want to marry him, and have little crab babies and live happily ever after in your clam shell under the sea. And you'll say, "Oh, I know. Let's have that lovely Sponge Bob over "for shish-kebabs some night. "And Patrick.” So now you're just going to get him to sign a contract giving you the rights to make him into a doll? Yeah. Looking back, operation Snooper Fax was a little convoluted. Convoluted. Dammit. You just about used up all of our operating capital. [Gasps] Do we still have enough to pay for Train Island? - Yes. Your little choo-choos are safe. - Nice. And only because I made some pretty deep cuts in... Well, elsewhere. XTACLE 1: Guess I'll call Jan and tell her we're not going to Orlando. XTACLE 2: Orlando? Dude, this won't even cover my mortgage. WATLEY: And I'll put the ant farm keyboards in the radioactive waste, thereby minimizing the ecological impact of both. Way to go, Watley. You're doing it. [Gasps] Sinn? Hey, what are you doing here? Hi, squiddly diddly. Ha ha, squiddly diddly. Yeah, you're no prize yourself, Philip. What are you doing at my work? - Arthur, can you hear me? - Ihaven't seen you since Las Vegas! Dammit. We only have 11 minutes... for this part of the kidnapping. I'm gonna cut the glass with my giant pincer-like claw. Oh, Arthur. - You're so clever and strong. - [+ Romantic music] Ha ha. - [Squelching] - Oh! Oh, my God. Ah, and the cloaca blooms. You're gonna be sick, aren't you? You want me to hold your wimple? - No? [Splat, car alarm beeping] [Car alarm stops] So, what brings you here? Well, it's a funny story, really. XTACLE 1: The way I see it, our only option is to kill Xander Crews, and the first thing we should do-- XTACLE 2: Let's do it... Is distribute the rocket boots. Wow, yeah. That is a funny story. It's a got a nun in it and everything, but Mr. Crews actually went to look for you. KILLFACE: He what? Where? Yeah, I'm not really “in the loop... [Doorbell ringing] CREWS: It's nice to get out of the office. Isn't it, bub? Oh, shut up. Bubbles. [Doorbell ringing] Bubblupagus. Bubbo. Bubbo Baggins, that's you. Bubble bubble-- Oh, for [beep] sake. [Door opening] Hi, little boy or girl. Is your daddy home? Is that a rocket launcher? SINN: Well, then, why don't we just go back to Crews' office and wait for him to show up? There's no time for that. I'm meeting the news lady at the Annihilatrix, and Philip, God help you if any of it got in the air vents. 4 bloody bowls worth. This whole kidnapping is just ruined. - Look, it's him you want, not me. - Nice. So just let me out on the corner, and no harm done. All right? [Mumbling] ...What did he say? I don't even know if he's a he. - Dammit! - Oh, right in the knee. That's gotta kill. - I'm all right. It's titanium. - Nice. - [Tires screech] - Hey! Hey, take it easy, Osama! There's only a [beep] rocket launcher back here. Shut up! Some idiot just ran a red light. Oh, my God. I just ran a red light. Come on, Watley. Keep your head in the game. These super-intelligent radioactive waste-covered ants are a dangerous combo. KILLFACE: [Sniffs] It's still there. - But, sir, I sprayed-- - Still there. - The heater coil-- - Well, then, why do I still smell it? And what's he doing in my space? Oh, that positively tears it. So, what's this now? Some kind of calm before the weird berserker storm? [Tearful] When I'm on stage at the airport Radisson accepting my local Peabody, I'm not gonna mention any of you. Oh. - Oh, where's the elevator? - I don't believe it. - Come on. - You didn't kill the taxi driver? I was, but I think it's hard enough on the Arabs in this beastly country right now, so-- - I don't think he's Arab. - No, I'm pretty sure that guy is Filipino. Oh, well, then. London calling. GRACE: Oh, my God! Yes! That is exactly the kind of blood lust that makes for a phenomenal interview. Hi, Grace Ryan, - Force 10 News. - And you must be Killface. Oh, what am I saying? Of course you're not Killface. Not with a face like that. Nobody in their right mind would ever think to call you-- I'm Killface, if anybody is. Come on. How are you? Hey, a news van. I love news. So, this is the famous Annihilatrix. God, it's so... massively impressive. Well, you know go big or go home, as the-- [Mobile rings] Don't freak out. I'm turning it off. Oh, my God. Is that Cat Party? - Yeah, the ringtone. - Here. Put it on mine, please. - Has that got Bluetooth on it? - No, you big, sloppy man. - I just want Cat Party. - No, no, no. Bluetooth is-- Tell him to give me Cat Party or it's going to be talon party - at your face's house. - Are you getting this? Am ll--am I getting footage of me, the cameraman? Absolutely not. Well, here we are, but you haven't heard the last of this, cameraman. - Oh, God! - Xander! - Grace? - Simon? [Mumbling] [Tires screech] I'll just see what all the fuss is about, and then I'll take these super-intelligent radioactive waste-covered ants to the dump, 'cause man, that's a dangerous combo. Baby, what are you doing up here? Casper the mumbly [beep] ghost over there kidnapped me. - Simon? - STAN: Double kidnapping. You did this all by yourself? [Mumbling] Come over here and hug papa's neck. - That's your son? - Oh, he is a he. Oh, I'm so proud of you. We're going to split a half pint of lager and watch Cinemax all night. - You can forget being an action figure. - Sorry, what? Can we just forget the whole action figure conceit, please? Xander Crews, ll demand a ransom of $12 billion dollars. - Oh, terrific. - For you. He's not paying you a dime, Killface! Yeah! 'Cause dead men don't pay ransom! No! Guys, hey, whoa. Not so fast, Xtacles. Oh, come on. He's mine. - CREWS: What the...? - Oh, my God. Going to freak out now. Is that a vest? Who even are you? - Who, me? - Actually, a very funny story. Your girlfriend's lover. - What? - That's all. - What happened was-- - You son of a bitch! Kill him. Great Scott! - Damn it! - No! - Grace! - Mi amore! Lovely news lady. This is Grace Ryan, Force 10 News, dangling helplessly from high atop the Annihilatrix, my microphone now literally a lifeline because if I fall, 1 will drop right into what appear to be drums full of super-intelligent radioactive waste-covered ants. [Whispers] Oh, God, please fall. Next time on Frisky Dingo... Oh, my God, she fell. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 