Marvel's Hero Project: Season 1, Episode 1 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Marvel's Hero Project 
 s1e1 - Sensational Jordan - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Marvel's Hero Project (2019–…): Season 1, Episode 1 - Sensational Jordan - full transcript 
 Inspired by her limb difference, Jordan has honed her skills as a designer, and an inventor. A champion for inclusivity in the industrial design community, she is giving the next generation the tools to build a more accessible world. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 At Marvel, our stories and our superheroes are inspired by real-life heroes. So, the editors of some of our best-known comics have come together to work on a special project: to find and tell the stories of kids doing the extraordinary, helping communities near and far, and changing the world. These are the kids who will inspire our stories for years to come. This small idea has grown into, like, this humongous thing. This arm gives me so much confidence, 'cause I made this. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 And I could use what I made to help a lot of other kids. Jordan is already a hero. Now, we bring her story to the world with the surprise of a lifetime. Making her into a Marvel superhero, immortalized in her very own comic, as a member of Marvel's Hero Project. They're everyday kids... who have accomplished the amazing. Now, their true stories... will reveal the heroes that live among us. This is Marvel's Hero Project. So, let's talk about Jordan, an official Marvel hero. And she is owning the fact she's different and finding a lot of joy in it. She wants to make the world more beautiful and fun and exciting. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 She's embraced who she is in a way that is very inspiring and has taken it to another level through her inventions and the things she's done to turn herself into sort of a superhero. It's exactly the type of tech that only someone with a distinct perspective on the world could come up with. - Almost like a Wakandan point of view. - Yes! Like the way Shuri builds things in Wakanda and these things other places in the world wouldn't even think of. - That's what Jordan does. - That's so true. I like the comparison because I get the sense from Shuri that every day there's some new invention coming out of that lab. Jordan is encouraging people who are coming from the same background as she is and saying, "If we can include them as designers, as engineers, then what a different world it will be, because now everyone is going to be represented." I'm just really excited that we can share her story with everybody. Any parent wants to see their kid be confident. She was like, "I want to be a cheerleader, I want to do this." And she did. - Hi, Jordan! - What's up? It's a lot of fun, because I know everyone who's on the team. It's just really fun hyping up the crowd. She learned all of the things you have to learn and it's not easy. And she does all that knowing... ...that there's a little more of a spotlight on her. You're in a big room full of strangers there and you're proudly being yourself. Yeah! Yeah, Vikings! Yeah! Go, Vikings! I've definitely grown more confident, but I'm still a little nervous. I just need to get more people knowing what limb difference is. Heck, the fact that I have a difference is so cool. And I can use it for so many cool things. I'm still working on doing so much more. The day she was born, Jen's the first to notice. I said to the whole room, I'm like, "Where's her hand?" And the doctor stopped, and goes, "Oh. She's fine." And I looked at her... ...and I looked at Randy... ...and I said, "She's fine." And he looked back at me and said, "She's fine." We're gonna do whatever it takes to take care of her. And, quite frankly, we haven't had to do much to take care of her. She played tee-ball, she played basketball. She's done everything along the way. Good job! I was very stubborn. I was hardheaded. I wanted to learn everything. I wanted to do it on my own. When she figured out how to put on her socks at 18 months old and her four-year-old brother was still asking for help, I realized I'd been scammed. She's been congenitally forced to be a problem solver. All those tiny things that I thought she wouldn't be able to do... Oh, she figured it out. It's just I did have to learn things a bit differently from everyone else. Like I had to find my own way to tie my shoe. I may have one hand, but heck, I can do the same thing as anyone else. Good job. Just a little different. Hi, puppers. Oh, hello! - Hey, babe. - Hi, Mama. Hi. How was the day? It was okay. Can I help? A hug. A hug? Come here. Babe. - I love you. - I love you. - Whatcha cookin'? - Pizza! It gets annoying when people look. What's the look people give you? It's definitely, like, just a quick... But when I catch them, they're like... If you see Jordan, you've never seen someone with one hand, you're gonna think, oh... "Oh, that's gotta be hard." No. She is a confident 13-year-old. Who in this group talks the most? It's good to be different. I feel like people who are different is, like, what makes the world unique. And I think it's so cool. When you have such an obvious difference, your first step is the double take or the whisper. The next level is just the assuming that you can't do anything. But she has the incredible perspective that you may not have ever imagined. I got invited to a workshop in San Francisco to learn how design works and how to make things. I went there after a lot of convincing. There was an expectation of the workshop. Like, you have a difference. How can you build onto your difference that can be fun? Tell me your name. - Jordan. - Jordan. When I got to the workshop, I just really enjoyed the fact that I can make anything. So, this pushes the bubble. Mm-hmm. She was like, "Why not shoot glitter out of my arm?" I think that was an extraordinary moment for her. She saw how cool it was that people appreciated her creativity. This is my design area. So, when I shot this it was, like, more of a poof instead of, like, a spray like I wanted it to. Push in the circle thing. Her hope was to keep working on that concept. She was partnered with a design partner. And every Friday after school they would work on their new ideas. 9.34. From the beginning it was clear that Jordan took this whole thing very seriously. And that's been the constant through and through. I think by me growing up having to figure out things in a different way than everyone else, uh, has given me the design-thinking and maker-like thoughts. People who are disabled have the ability to problem-solve. She is greeting me with ideas before we can even really say hello to one another. Jordan, what are we about to do? Shoot him. You're gonna shoot Sam? We eventually got to the point of deciding compressed air was the way to go to push the glitter out. - Whoa. - Whoa! The next one is this one. I decided since I named it Project Unicorn, might as well make it into a unicorn horn. I wore this on the Rachael Ray Show when I was pitching it to the Shark Tank cast. Oh, that's amazing! I think this broke down. Why don't we just design this part? I was still working on refining it, and refining it, and refining it. I sent Jordan the final glitter arm in the mail... and I think the first thing Jordan said was, "Can I wear this to school?" I love it. I made this and... I have, like, this unique idea. People with two hands can't shoot glitter out of their arm. Might as well take your difference and make something really cool... that shows the joy of differences. Whoa! It went viral. She realized this fun idea was a moment of showing that disability is an opportunity. Use your differences for good, because your differences are amazing and you never know what amazing things you can do with them. It was a moment where we saw so much happiness and joy at a scale that we could have never imagined, even though that was really just the beginning. The time I got shot with glitter was when you did the photo shoot in the garage. And I was like... "I got shot with glitter!" I think the fact that I'm different... I feel like I have the ability to teach people. I want to show my friends. - They're so cool. I wish... - I can't fit my hand in there. I was gonna say, they're so cool. I wish I could wear them. When she saw all this interest in what she was doing, she decided, "It shouldn't just be about me." She and I made a pact that we would help others who are different, because she was so worried about what's gonna happen to people who are different. We have two days to come up with ideas and make some cool stuff. So I was thinking, 'cause it gets really hot inside of a prosthetic arm. I decided to work with my mom to make workshops to let people who are disabled build off of their disability. What we're interested in is reframing disability. Like, how can you take something that other people perceive as a disadvantage and make it something special and wonderful? I love Jordan! It was really cool to have someone else to talk about what it means to be a person with one arm in this world. Having something that's custom for what you need and what you want in your life. And it shoots from here. This is a cool thing. This is for people who don't have fingers on one of their hands. It allows them to play video games or do computer software. She wants to help kids see that their differences gives them perspective, and identify design flaws or opportunities that you can't see if you have a typical body. People who are disabled, they're being ignored, definitely, in the design community. Like paper towel dispensers in bathrooms that say, "Use two hands." I can't do that. We need more people who are different in the design community so that we, like, have people who are designing things that have the second thought of, "Oh, I should make sure it works for everyone." Accessibility. I watched her become an advocate. You can look at the statistics. Most adults with disabilities do not have a full-time job. Oh, my God, that might actually work. She wants to really build an army of kids who understand design thinking and build these career pathways. I wanna change the world. Create something that I think is good for me, and then other people can do it for themselves and it will just keep going on and on. You ready? Watch it! - There it goes! - Whoa! A curator of the Museum of Science and Industry in Chicago reached out and asked if Jordan would be interested in being a featured creator... as part of the wearables exhibit. It's just crazy that this small idea has grown into, like, this humongous thing. I'm just glad that I've gotten the opportunity to be seen as a creator. I feel like it's just starting to sink in, like, that this is actually making an impact. "My name is Jordan Reeves. I'm an inventor, activist, and designer. I realized my physical difference and my creation started a new kind of conversation. My work helped them learn that it can be really cool to be different." Oh, my gosh! Hey, I have something like you. Ready? Do a high five. Double high five. We've got everyone. This is awesome! - Hey! - Let's see a nice smile. That was awesome. There you go. It is an amazing world of people who are disabled and it's so cool. I've seen her go from mentee to mentor. Aw. So cute. We just came here to be with Jordan. Because she was different like me. You're not, like, just the same as everybody else, because same is boring. I don't think there really is a normal person. I think we're all different. And we should all celebrate us for being us. She's got a big heart, and she wants everybody to feel empowered. - Aw! - Yay! She got 100. I'm gonna make something like Jordan's, but just where I can shoot glitter out of my fingers. So, it can, like, shoot, shoot, shoot. Since I saw Jordan's videos, I think I can make it. My mom and me made it together, and they're glow in the dark owls. She's really comfortable in her own skin. She's been able to tell her story. It is a story that hopefully will encourage more kids to think about their own potential. Days like today make me incredibly proud. What an inspiration Jordan is to all these kids in the limb different community. She empowers them. In her comic, I think we all wanted to focus on the fact that... as she is, the way she was born, she's a hero. You get her as a cheerleader on the field. And you've got her reaching out to someone else with a limb difference. You get her as a designer in the lab. That's what's gonna resonate with her, I think. Her whole thing is about design and that her power is inventing. I think she's gonna love the fact she has a lab. - I think that's her fantasy right there. - That's her superpower too. You know, her inventiveness, her creativity. All that. And that's one of the things I love about this. And it's all the while without her glitter blaster on there. It's the person inside that makes her a hero. That's why she's so, so great. The one place we wanted to make sure we did see the glitter cannon, - was on the cover. - Mm. And our cover artist, Natasha, did such a great job. - We got the glitter cannon. It's purple. - Right. - Favorite color. - The unicorns! Great! I can't wait till she sees what we all made for her. Yeah. She's gonna be extra surprised because not only does she get - the great comic book and all the... - Yeah. Her father and her brother are also traveling to Cambridge. - Usually she just travels with her mom. - That's great! Yeah. So, seeing them I think is gonna get her super surprised. She's gonna love it. None of this would be possible if it wasn't for Jordan coming up with the idea for Project Unicorn... and encouraging us to bring these workshops to other kids so they could create these life-changing projects. I think I'm gonna have Jen come up. What? Oh, my God. "Dear Jordan, in this venue, surrounded by excited and inspired kids who have been brought together because of your work and passion... your friends at Marvel have something amazing to tell you. You have dedicated yourself to helping people navigate how difficult it can be when you're unlike everyone else. Your devotion to making the world a more inclusive place inspires us. You stand out because you are making a difference. And that is what makes you unique. And that's what makes you a superhero. Jordan, because you strive to change the global conversation around people with disabilities, we believe that you represent everything Marvel stands for." Oh, my God. Hi. Hi. "So, there's a box in front of you, Jordan. And as you open it, you will join an elite team of kids like you. The next generation of heroes whose differences fill us with awe. Welcome to the Marvel Hero Project. Go ahead and take out that jacket. It was made just for you." Oh, that's sick. Whoa! "Just like the classic X-Men uniforms, this jacket will serve as an unmistakable symbol of your membership in the elite Marvel Hero Project." Oh, my God. "To show you how much you've inspired all of us, we are making a Tony Stark sized donation in your honor - to an organization... - Aw. ...that supports kids with limb differences in the amount of $10,000." Oh! "Jordan... your amazing energy has led to this moment. And as Marvel's newest hero, the terrific talents in the mighty Marvel Bullpen wanted to make sure your story lived on. We've worked overtime to create this instantly historical collector's item classic, starring you, and celebrating the differences of others. Go check it out." Oh, that's sick. I know what it is. "We hope that in these pages you see yourself in the same way we see you, as a true superhero." That's sick! Uh-huh. Whoa! That's sick. "We couldn't be prouder to have you as part of the Marvel Hero Project. Your friends at Marvel." I thought I was gonna cry. I'm so happy that her work has more opportunity for people to know about it and share it. - Oh! There's words. - There's words. - Oh, that's sick. - Look, I have a little... Okay, that's really cool! That's so cool. Also, the mannequin doesn't have an arm which I think is very funny. Oh! I just noticed that. The fact that, like, that's me, and I'm in this comic book. Like, that's just really cool. It's kind of surreal seeing your own family member in the same style that you see, like, Spider-Man, Iron Man, Captain America, Captain Marvel. It's really cool. My sister is a superhero. She already was but, like, now we have proof. Hi, Jordan. I'm reading your comic. - You have a comic. - Is that okay? Yeah. It's cool when somebody else other than me realizes that she is a good human and doing great things. Go to Halloween and I'm like, "Who are you?" I'm like, "Myself." "I'm myself." People see what I'm tryna change in the world. It's just really cool to know that. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 