Great Performances: Season 36, Episode 4 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Great Performances 
 s36e4 - Rise and Fall of the City of Mahagonny - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Great Performances (1971–…): Season 36, Episode 4 - Rise and Fall of the City of Mahagonny - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 We gotta keep going! - Well, the motor's had it. - Yeah, then we can't keep going. - We gotta keep going! - There's nothing but desert ahead. Yeah, then we can't keep going. Well, in that case we gotta go back. But the G-Men are after us, and they got our faces memorized. Yeah, then we can't go back. You know, they found gold up along the coast. - Yeah, that's one long coast. - Then we can't head up that way. - Well, they did find gold there. - Yeah, but the coast is too long. - Can't we keep going? - Nope! 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Good! Then we'll stay right here. If we can't make it up there, why not stay here? Everybody who went up to the gold fields and came back said that panning gold out of those rivers is a rotten life. It's damn hard work, and we ain't cut out for it. But I've seen those guys. If they ever get any, they give it away. It's a lot easier to get gold of men than out of rivers. So we might as well build a city here. And we'll call it Mahagonny that means spider web. Spider web! It will be like a web spun out to catch all the plumb, juicy insects. All the world's full of hard work 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 and striving. And striving. But down here we'll have fun. But down here we'll have fun. All a human being can want is not to suffer, but do what he feels like. That fact is our gold nugget. Gin and whisky, young girls and boys, and every week here will be seven days away from working. And the big hurricanes don't travel northward this far. Instead, all relaxed, our men will smoke in rocking chairs While the red sun sets. Every other day we'll have boxing; lots of vice and violence! But those fights will be fair. So stick that curtain rod in the ground right there, and run this old rag up it for a flag, so the ships heading down from the gold coast can see us. Set the bar up there under that tree. This is the town. This will be its center. Which we'll call "The Hotel for Rich Men". Still, we're only building Mahagonny because the world is so rotten. There is no peace on earth and no contentment. And there is nothing a man can depend upon. Still, we're only building Mahagonny because the world is so rotten. There is no peace on earth and no contentment. And there is nothing a man can depend upon. Oh show us the way to the next whiskey bar. Oh, don't ask why. We must find the next whiskey bar. If we don't find the next whiskey bar I tell you we must die! Oh moon of Alabama we now must say goodbye. We've lost our good old mama and must have whiskey, you know why. Oh, moon of Alabama We now must say goodbye We've lost our good old mama And must have whisky, oh, you know why Oh show us the way to the next little dollar. Oh, don't ask why. Oh, don't ask why. We must find the next little dollar. If we don't find the next little dollar I tell you we must die! I tell you we must die! Oh moon of Alabama. We now must say goodbye. We now must say goodbye. We've lost our good old mama We've lost our good old mama and must have dollars, you know why. And must have dollars, you know why. Oh moon of Alabama, Oh moon of Alabama, We now must say goodbye. We've lost our good old mama and must have whiskey, you know why. We live in giant cities. They have gutters below them and nothing inside; only smoke overhead. Life may have joys, but city men don't know them. Rapidly we die. The cities live on, but are dead. Far from the cares of the world... The noisy diesel trains don't stop nearby. Paved with gold brick: Mahagonny! Just yesterday they asked about you there.  In these troubled times you can find in every city, In these troubled times you can find in every city, millions looking for a better life. Wise men set out for Mahagonny, the golden. Where the booze is a bargain. In these giant cities full of noise and smoke. You are insecure and restless. There's nothing you can depend upon. The world is so rotten! But come and meet the people But come and meet the people down in Mahagonny. Down in Mahagonny. Down in Mahagonny. Their life can be yours. Their life can be yours. Their life can be yours. Soon you'll feel the tension Soon you'll feel the tension seeping from your pores. Come see how nature makes life there a snap! Come see how nature makes life there a snap! When San Francisco shakes you see that's all it takes. When San Francisco shakes you see that's all it takes. When San Francisco shakes you see that's all it takes. Cities are big mistakes they'll end in scrap. Cities are big mistakes they'll end in scrap. Life may have joys, but city men don't know them. Rapidly we die. Rapidly we die. The cities live on, The cities live on, but are dead. Then off to Mahagonny! Just yesterday they asked about you there. - Off to Mahagonny! - The air is clean and fresh! - They've booze and poker tables. - Good whores and good horseflesh. Shine on, harvest moon of Alabama! Light the South! Tucked into our shirts today, we've the dollar bills to pay for a great big grin upon your big and stupid mouth. Off to Mahagonny! The wind is blowing free. Off to Mahagonny! The wind is blowing free. Fresh meat for sale on every street and no bureaucracy. Fresh meat for sale on every street and no bureaucracy. Shine on, harvest moon of Alabama! Light the South! Tucked into our shirts today, we've the dollar bills to pay for a great big grin upon your big and stupid mouth. - Off to Mahagonny! - Our ship will sail at dawn. - Off to Mahagonny! - Our civilization will soon be gone. - Off to Mahagonny! - Our civilization will soon be gone. Shine on, harvest moon of Alabama! Light the South! Shine on, harvest moon of Alabama! Light the South! Tucked into our shirts today, we've the dollar bills to pay for a great big grin upon your big and stupid mouth. When you're a stranger in the city, then at first you are always slightly nervous. Then at first you are always slightly nervous. You're not exactly sure just where to go. You're not exactly sure just where to go. - Or just who you can yell at. - And to whom you take your hat off. You have that problem when you are a stranger in the city. Gentlemen, welcome. We're so glad to see you. Gentlemen, welcome. We're so glad to see you. You must be Jimmy Maclntyre, famous for switchblade throwing. You must be Jimmy Maclntyre, famous for switchblade throwing. Every night before you go to bed you like your gin and bitters. - Widow Begbick! - Glad to meet you! And for your enjoyment we've been baking bread today. And for your enjoyment we've been baking bread today. Thanks a lot, madam. Thanks a lot, madam. - And you must be Billy? - Bank-Account Billy. - And you must be Billy? - Bank-Account Billy. - And this must be Joe? - Alaska-Wolf Joe. - And this must be Joe? - Alaska-Wolf Joe. In order for you to feel at home here we offer a small discount. Thank you kindly! You'd like to start your visit with some nice fresh girls? You'd like to start your visit with some nice fresh girls? Gentlemen, every man carries in his heart the picture of his true love. Gentlemen, every man carries in his heart the picture of his true love. What looks like a lot of woman to one man may seem scrawny to another. A set of curves like that might be right for you, Mister Joe. That might be even more right for me. I was thinking more of something in brunette line anyway. I was thinking more of something in brunette line anyway. - And you, Mister Bill? - I'm fine, don't worry about me. - And you, Mister Bill? - I'm fine, don't worry about me. - And Mister Jim? - I can't tell nothing from pictures. I don't make up my mind about love till I have it in my hands. Come out, you beauties of Mahagonny! We've got the bread, let's see you spread! Seven years up in Alaska where it's freezing, where there's gold. Come out, you cuties of Mahagonny! Just turn us on, you've got us sold. Well hello, you big boys from Alaska. Was it cold there, did you get rich? Behold the beauties of Mahagonny! If you can pay, then choose what pleases your itch. This is the girl for you, Mr O'Brien. If her hips ain't got no swing This is the girl for you, Mr O'Brien. If her hips ain't got no swing your fifty bucks ain't worth shit on a shingle your fifty bucks ain't worth shit on a shingle Thirty bucks! Thirty bucks? Won't you change your mind, Mister O'Brien? Won't you change your mind? A girl can't live on thirty bucks! Won't you change your mind? A girl can't live on thirty bucks! That won't keep her in stockings! That won't keep her in stockings! I come from Havana. But my mother was a pure white girl. She always said to me: "You mustn't sell yourself for thirty bucks or less, the way I used to do." She said: "Look at what my life did to me." Won't you change your mind, Mister O'Brien? Won't you change your mind, Mister O'Brien? - In that case, twenty bucks! - Thirty, mister. - Forget it. - Maybe I'll take her. What's your name, kid? Jenny Smith from Oklahoma. I got here about two months ago. I was working down in some big city. And there's not one thing And there's not one thing that I refuse to do. That I refuse to do. I know those Jimmys from Alaska's snow. The dead don't have it half so bad as they did. That's how they made their dough. They stuffed their jackets full of greenbacks and paraded down to the train and off to Mahagonny they go. Oh, Jimmy, sit here on my knee. I've never found the man for me. Let's both drink from one glass now! Okay, I'll take you! What's with those guys? - Has the ship gone yet? - No, it's still here! Idiots, blockheads! Look at them, running for the ship. And their pockets still loaded with cash. What a bunch of lowlifes! No sense of humour! Now I wonder why they're leaving. If it's good, they should stay here. I bet something here is fishy. I bet something here is fishy. However, my good fellows let's all move on to Mahagonny. However, my good fellows let's all move on to Mahagonny. It won't cost me anything to make the price of whiskey lower. Seems this Mahagonny, after all we've heard about it has such low rates, I don't trust it. - To me it all looks too expensive. - Jimmy, does it look okay to you? If we're here, then it's okay. Jimmy, sit here on my knee. I've never found the man for me. Let's both drink from one glass now! Those are the Jimmys from Alaska's snow. The dead don't have it half so bad as they did. That's how we made our dough. They stuffed their jackets full of greenbacks and paraded. Down to the train and off to Mahagonny they go! I've learned in my trade when you meet a man for the first time you must ask him just how he likes things. You must ask him just how he likes things. So please tell me how you want me to be, sir. So please tell me how you want me to be, sir. You look fine to me just as you are. Call me Jimmy, and I might begin to think you like me. Okay, Jimmy, now what about my hair-do? In bangs, or comb it back? You might wear it different ways, depending on where we are. Then there's the matter of my lingerie, should it be fancy underwear or should I just skip the undies? Skip the undies! Your wish is my command, sir. And what is your wish? Perhaps we'll talk about it in the morning. Fatty and Moses! Have you two seen what's happened? People are leaving again! There's a whole bunch down at the harbor, I just saw them. There's a whole bunch down at the harbor, I just saw them. What's to keep them here? A couple of bars and a dump full of silence. What's to keep them here? A couple of bars and a dump full of silence. Who are these people? Guys who think catching a fish is happiness! They sit on the porch and smoke, and that's contentment! They sit on the porch and smoke, and that's contentment! Oh, damn this Mahagonny for doing lousy business! Oh, damn this Mahagonny for doing lousy business! Today I had to put whiskey down to twelve bucks! Tomorrow it'll probably down to eight. And it won't ever recover! And it won't ever recover! Oh, damn this Mahagonny for doing lousy business! Oh, damn this Mahagonny for doing lousy business! I just don't what I can do! Everybody wants something from me, and I don't have anything left to give them. What more can I offer them to stay and still survive myself? Oh, damn this Mahagonny for doing lousy business! Now even I have spent time with my back up against a wall with a man. We had pretty phrases to dream and had our passions to talk of. But when the money went who had time to be passionate? Cash breeds passion! Cash breeds passion! Cash breeds passion! For nineteen years now misery's been in charge For nineteen years now misery's been in charge For nineteen years now misery's been in charge and I've been fighting just to stay alive. And I've been fighting just to stay alive. This was my last big plan: Mahagonny, the spiderweb. This was my last big plan: Mahagonny, the spiderweb. But nothing's been caught in our web. But nothing's been caught in our web. Oh, damn this Mahagonny for doing lousy business! So it's time we started turning back, went back on our tracks through a thousand little hick towns and somehow went back in time for nineteen years now. Pack your cases! It's time we went back! Sure, Widow Begbick! That's just what they'd like you to do! "A squad of G-Men has been seen in Pensacola, "A squad of G-Men has been seen in Pensacola, inquiring for a female suspect known as Leocadia Begbick inquiring for a female suspect known as Leocadia Begbick they made a thorough search of every building here and then traveled onward." Damn! Now there's no escape left. Widow Begbick, you don't get no prize for dirty business. And those who choose a life of crime And those who choose a life of crime always die young! Always die young! If we had money! If we'd made any off this webless spiderweb then who'd care if the G-men came! Didn't some new suckers show up today? They looked like they had some money. If we don't get their dough we're lost! - Jimmy, why are you running away? - Give me one good reason to stay. What are you looking so gloomy for? I must have seen one of those signs that says, "Don't do it." - Don't you have cheap whiskey? - Too cheap! - It's peaceful and quiet. - Too quiet! If you want a fish for dinner you just go out and catch one. If you want a fish for dinner you just go out and catch one. That don't make me happy! That don't make me happy! - You smoke. - You smoke! You take a snooze. You take a snooze! - You swim. - You go jump in the lake! You gaze across the water. You forget. But there's something wrong! Think of how the sky turns beautiful at twilight, Think of how the sky turns beautiful at twilight, and think what joy it is to sit and talk to friends. And think what joy it is to sit and talk to friends. And think what joy it is to sit and talk to friends. But there's something wrong! But there's something wrong! Think how you love the peace and quiet and the warmth of sheer contentment. But there's something wrong! You know simple life has its grandeur. You know simple life has its grandeur. And there is nothing that can top the great outdoors. And there is nothing that can top the great outdoors. But there's something wrong! I think that I just might eat my hat. I think that I just might eat my hat. I think that'll see me through. I think that'll see me through. Tell me, why shouldn't I sit and eat my hat, when there's not one when there's not one when there's not one damn thing to do! When there's not one damn thing to do! You've learned to read the ABC's of booze. You've seen the moon beaming out until the dawn. You've seen the moon beaming out until the dawn. The bars are closed, you gamble and you lose. The bars are closed, you gamble and you lose. And face it, nothing is going on! Jimmy, don't get in a state, we'll find a bar that's open late. - Jimmy thinks he should eat his hat! - Now why would do a thing like that? - Jimmy thinks he should eat his hat! - Now why would do a thing like that? You're just a crazy nut! We'll punch you in the gut! You're just a crazy nut! We'll punch you in the gut! Don't be such a dope! We've got a rope! If you keep on acting smart-ass. We'll tie you up till you start acting human! Oh, fellas. I'm sick of being human! All right now, you've had your say. So go back with us like a good boy. That's what I call eternal art. Deep in Alaska's snow-covered woodland, my three pals and I cut all the timber we could, and worked as a team to haul the logs to the stream. And worked as a team to haul the logs to the stream. Lived on rotten horsemeat and hoarded money. Lived on rotten horsemeat and hoarded money. Seven years I sweated and slaved and here's my reward now. Trapped in that cabin for seven freezing winters. Carving out curses in the one crummy table. We sat and dreamed of the places we'd go to, of the places we'd go to, if we had enough money. I put up with all that garbage, and here's my reward now. When our time was over, pocketed our bankrolls. Picked as our target of all places this damned Mahagonny. Headed this way just as fast as we could. Not a moment's thought and so we're stuck with this place. We could not have done worse than this, because we're too dumb to imagine the worst. And here's our reward now! Yeah, what the hell is this? You think you can do that to us? Well, that's where you're wrong! Come on out, you old bitch! This is Jimmy Maclntyre from Alaska! He don't like it here! - Just what don't you like here? - This shithole! I heard the word, "shithole." Did you happen to say "shithole"? Yeah, I said it, me, Jimmy Maclntyre! Seven winters, cutting down the trees like a fiend. And the river frozen every day. I put up with all that garbage and here is my reward now. But I really hate this place, because nothing here is wrong. Jimmy be a good boy, put the knife away. Jimmy be a good boy, put the knife away. Jimmy, come along with us and please behave. Jimmy, come along with us and please behave. Seven winters cutting timber. Seven years of freezing weather. I put up with all that garbage and I've gotten nothing for it. You have quiet, friendship, whiskey, women! Stow the switchblade in your belt. Loafing, smoking, fishing, swimming! - Jimmy, put the knife away! - Those are the Jimmys from Alaska. Try and hold me back or there may be bloodshed! Jimmy, put away that switchblade! Try to calm yourself! If these stupid jerks would only stay in the Alaskan forest! Throw that bastard out! Throw that bastard out! Go throw him out! Go throw him out! Go throw him out! Go throw him out! Nothing in your damn Mahagonny Nothing in your damn Mahagonny Nothing in your damn Mahagonny will ever make people happy. Will ever make people happy. Because there's too much peace, too much contentment, and there is too much a man can depend upon. A typhoon! A hurricane is moving towards Mahagonny! How frightful! A disaster! The town of pleasure will be doomed! On the mountain peaks the hurricanes hover. Sudden death rises up out of the sea. Sudden death rises up out of the sea. How frightful! A disaster! Oh, horror! What a fate! How frightful! A disaster! Oh, horror! What a fate! Go build me a shelter to keep me safe. Go dig me a cellar that can hide me. Go dig me a cellar that can hide me. Go dig me a cellar that can hide me. Go dig me a cellar that can hide me. Go dig me a cellar that can hide me. Go build me a shelter to keep me safe. Go build me a shelter to keep me safe. Go build me a shelter to keep me safe. How frightful! A disaster! Oh, horror! What a fate! How frightful! A disaster! Oh, horror! What a fate! Stand bravely, brothers, have ye no fear! Life's fleeting glimmer Life's fleeting glimmer will soon disappear. Will soon disappear. Rage is unavailing there's no use in wailing! At your pains the hurricanes will jeer. - Oh, moon of Alabama... - Don't try to escape it. - We now must say goodbye! - There's no use! We've lost our good old mama... Go where you like I will catch you. Oh, moon of Alabama... The best thing you can do The best thing you can do is to sit still awaiting is to sit still awaiting that last moment. Stand bravely, brothers, have ye no fear. Life's fleeting glimmer will soon disappear. Will soon disappear. Rage is unavailing Rage is unavailing there's no use in wailing at your pains the hurricanes will jeer. What's so funny? Look here, this is your world. Peace and contentment, they don't exist! But of hurricanes we've got plenty and with whirlwinds we're very well supplied. And it's just the same way with Man: he will destroy all you give him. It's redundant to have hurricanes. You think a typhoon is frightening? Just look at Man when he starts acting funny! - Oh, shut up, Jim! - What are you babbling about? Sit up, have a smoke and forget it! Why build walls and towers as tall as Himalayas so that Man can pull them back down because that's how he gets his kicks? Whatever's good will be twisted soon. And what stands high will fall in the dust. We don't need help from hurricanes! Let whirlwinds do what they can! For though they may cause their share of pains. The most frightening force is Man. Fierce is the hurricane, fiercer still the typhoon, but the worst of all is Man. Now look, you've put signs all around with instructions on them: Now look, you've put signs all around with instructions on them: This is forbidden and kindly don't do that. This is forbidden and kindly don't do that. That's not the way you promote happiness. - On that wall, there's a signboard. - We don't need help from hurricanes. Says tonight is forbidden to sing and enjoy song. But before 2 o'clock strikes, you'll hear me singing and enjoying. So you can see that it's not forbidden! Oh, shut up, Jim! You talk too much. Oh, shut up, Jim! You talk too much. Come inside with me Come inside with me and love me some. No, I've got more to say. If you're short of cash for a thing you wanna buy, then go get the cash. Just head for the street and find a rich man. Hit him on the head and take all his cash. Just do it! See a house where you'd like to live? Then march in that house and lie down in a bed. When the wife comes home make her lie down with you. If the roof starts to leak then pack your bag! Just do it! When you start to imagine thoughts you don't dare think, go ahead and think them. Sacrifice your wealth, or give up your home go ahead think those thoughts! Or give up your home go ahead think those thoughts! Just do it! In the interest of order! For the good of the state! Just do it! In the interest of order! For the good of the state! Just do it! In the interest of order! For the good of the state! For the future of mankind! For the future of mankind! And for your personal satisfaction! And for your personal satisfaction! Do it! Do it! Then you mean it was wrong for me to make things forbidden here? Sure, because when I feel I like it, I ignore your signs and your laws, and kick down your walls just like the hurricane does. You can make money out of it. Have some! So do whatever you enjoy, So do whatever you enjoy, or typhoons will do it for you. Or typhoons will do it for you. For when hurricanes start to destroy, there's nothing that we can do. There's nothing that we can do. We'll live out our everyday lives We'll live out our everyday lives with hurricanes all about us, but until that hurricane arrives, we will never let anything flout us. We will never let anything flout us. Everyday come what may, Everyday come what may, till the hurricanes rout us. They're dead in Pensacola! And the hurricane's now moving straight ahead for Mahagonny! Pensacola! The G-Men have been struck down for good. And law enforcers and crooks all bite the dust together! The whole town goes down the drain. So I say what I said before: Now's the time to enjoy all forbidden games. When the hurricane strikes, our games are done! So sing, why don't you? Sing because they've forbidden it. - Keep quiet! - Sing along with us! Sing a new joyous song with us! We are forbidden to sing! Let's sing! In this world you must make your own bed. And no one will show you the trick. So lie down and get kicked if you want to. As for me, I would rather stand up and kick! Stand bravely, brothers! Stand bravely, brothers! Have ye no fear! Have ye no fear! Hurricane approaching Atsena at 120 miles per hour. Hurricane strikes Atsena. Atsena in ruins. Hurricane heading straight for Mahagonny. Only three minutes away. Hurricane has made a detour around Mahagonny and has gone on its way! Oh, glory, what a rescue! The town of pleasure has been saved! The mighty hurricanes have retreated The mighty hurricanes have retreated up to the mountains. Up to the mountains. Sudden death sinks in the water for good. Oh glory, what a rescue! First don't forget to stuff your faces. Second comes the loving match. Third put the boxers through their paces! Fourth comes drinking down the hatch. But first make sure it's clear to you that there is nothing you can't do! I've eaten two calves, head to crupper! And now I will eat one more calf. Not enough by half. I may eat myself for supper! Brother, with pleasures like that, never stop at half! O'Brien! Why fight your fat? Stay and eat one more calf! Brothers, watch me, doing my best. I'll eat my fill of it yet. When it's gone, I'll be at rest then I can forget. Brothers, give me more! Brothers, give me more! Brother Jack has departed! See his look of sheer ecstasy! See his look of sheer ecstasy! See his look of complete satisfaction. See his look of complete satisfaction. His whole face is shining. His whole face is shining. That man went the whole hog! That man went the whole hog! That man went the whole hog! That man never stopped himself. A man without fear! That man never stopped himself. A man without fear! A man without fear! Brother Jack has departed! A man without fear! Second comes the loving match! Spit out your chewing gum first! Then give your hands a good washing! Give her some time and say a few words to the girl. Spit out your chewing gum first! Then give your hands a good washing! Give her some time and say a few words to the girl. Quick, fellas, hey! Sing the man the song of Mandalay! Quick, fellas, hey! Sing the man the song of Mandalay! Love doesn't have days and weeks to be reckoned. Love doesn't have days and weeks to be reckoned. Move fast! We don't care waste a second! Will the moon shine every night over you, Mandalay? Will the moon shine every night over you, Mandalay? Fellas, move faster! Fellas, move faster! Fellas, move faster because the harvest moon is sinking! I beg you, dear clients to kindly wait in silence. I beg you, dear clients to kindly wait in silence. There will soon be three beds free, so please let's have no violence. There will soon be three beds free, so please let's have no violence. There will soon be three beds free, so please let's have no violence. You surely can see that when love's so costly a toy You surely can see that when love's so costly a toy what you pay for, you need time to enjoy. Cash alone won't breed passion. Quick, fellas, hey! Sing the man the song of Mandalay. Love doesn't have days and weeks to be reckoned. Love doesn't have days and weeks to be reckoned. Fellas, move fast! We don't care waste a second! Fellas, move fast! We don't care waste a second! Will the moon shine every night over you, Mandalay? Fellas, move faster! Fellas, move faster because the harvest moon is sinking! I beg you, dear clients, to kindly wait in silence. There will soon be three beds free so please let's have no violence. You surely can see that when love's so costly a toy. What you pay for, you need time to enjoy. Will the moon shine every night over you, Mandalay? Will the moon shine every night over you, Mandalay? Fellas, move faster! Fellas, move faster! Fellas, move faster because the harvest moon is sinking! First don't forget to stuff your faces! Second comes the loving match! Second comes the loving match! Third put the boxers through their paces. Third put the boxers through their paces. Fourth comes drinking, down the hatch! Fourth comes drinking, down the hatch! But first make sure it's clear to you. But first make sure it's clear to you. That there is nothing you can't do. This is the place, gents. The match of the week! Fought to the finish till one or the other is K.O.'d. Fought to the finish till one or the other is K.O.'d. And on the card it's Trinity Moses. And on the card it's Trinity Moses. Versus me, big Alaska-Wolf Joe. What! You are challenging Trinity Moses? You'd better throw in the towel! You'd better throw in the towel! We don't mind a prize fight. God damn it! We don't mind a prize fight. God damn it! But homicide is strictly foul! I'm still alive and I'm pretty limber! All the dough that I made cutting timber I'm gonna bet that I will come through. And I hope all my pals won't con me. You better put your money on me. I'm counting especially on you! If you value brains over brawn in a fight, and speed over strength in facing a foe then if your wits are about you tonight you'll bet your cash on Joe. Joe, you know how much I care. But when cash comes into question, I come down with indigestion, when I see Trinity Moses there. Joe, we'll always be friends, come what may! Unto death you're my blood brother. All my dough is on you today. All my dough is on you today. You're a true friend like no other! You're a true friend like no other! Jim, you're so good I can't bear it; Jim, you're so good I can't bear it; because Alaska comes in view! Because Alaska comes in view! The seven winters, the freezing weather, the giant pine trees we felled together! Joe, cross my heart, I swear it I'd give all I own to you! Those seven winters, the freezing weather, the giant pine trees we felled together! - You're so good I can't bear it. - Joe, cross my heart, I swear it. - Because Alaska comes in view! - I'd give all I own to you! Those seven winters, the freezing weather, the giant pine trees we felled together! - Hearing you talk I can't bear it. - Your dough will be safe I swear it. - Because Alaska comes in view! - I would kill myself for you! Give three cheers for Trinity Moses! Hiya, Moses! Lay 'im out flat! - This is foul! - Sorry about that! Give that weakling double doses! The black trunks is Moses, muscle and guts. The black trunks is Moses, muscle and guts. The red trunks is Joe, pale and skinny. The red trunks is Joe, pale and skinny. Nuts! - Hiya, Joe! - Hiya, Jim! - Hiya, Joe! - Hiya, Jim! - Don't swallow your mouthpiece! - Don't look so grim! - Don't swallow your mouthpiece! - Don't look so grim! Let's go! It's fixed! Crap! No clinches! Watch it! Keep moving! That's low! No holding! Right on the kisser! G'wan Joe! Nice work! He's sinking! Break! Go, go! Go get him! Chop 'im up for hash! Give 'im one more bash! The man is dead! A K.O. is a K.O. The guy couldn't take it. A K.O. is a K.O. The guy couldn't take it. - The winnah: Trinity Moses! - Sorry about that. - The winnah: Trinity Moses! - Sorry about that. I told you so. Now he's out for good. Hello, Joe. First, don't forget to stuff your faces! First, don't forget to stuff your faces! Second, comes the loving match. Second, comes the loving match. Third, put the boxers through their paces. Fourth, comes drinking, down the hatch! But first make sure it's clear to you that there is nothing you can't do! But first make sure it's clear to you that there is nothing you can't do! Bottoms up, friends! Have one on me! Time we all got drunk. Because you need it when you see a guy like Joe get sunk. Widow Begbick, set 'em up for all the guys! Here's to Jimmy! Why the hell not! He's a prize! If you had five bucks a day you could stay in Mahagonny. But a guy who liked to play needed lots of extra money. Guys would go there for the action. Guys would go there for the action. The saloon was Mahagonny's pride. Never got them no satisfaction. The saloon was Mahagonny's pride. Never got them no satisfaction. The saloon was Mahagonny's pride. Never got them no satisfaction. But they all felt satisfied! But they all felt satisfied! Time to pay up now, gentlemen! Jenny, come here! I'm out of money! We better beat it, ya know? And it don't matter where we go. Friends, why don't you get on board here with me? We'll have a little sail on the open sea! Stay right here next to me, the deck is shaking like an earthquake! And you should too, Billy, stick with me for now, because I'm gonna head right back up to Alaska. Right tonight I'm gonna steer this ship due north up to Alaska! We chucked all our whiskey straight down the toilet! We tore those chintzy pink curtains down! We had a good time, and nothing to spoil it! Alaska's next if we don't drown. Alaska's next if we don't drown. Hello, Jimmy, master navigator! Hello, Jimmy, master navigator! Hello, Jimmy, master navigator! Just watch him running all his sails up the mast. Just watch him running all his sails up the mast. Jenny, take your clothes off, we're near the Equator! Don't lose your hat, Bill, in the Gulf Stream blast! My God! I can see a typhoon out yonder! My God! I can see a typhoon out yonder! See how the sky is darkening over our heads now! See how the sky is darkening over our heads now! See how the sky is darkening over our heads now! - Look at the clouds! - The ship's no velveteen settee! - Look at the clouds! - The ship's no velveteen settee! - Look at the clouds! - The ship's no velveteen settee! Stormy's the night and raging the sea! The ship is rocking! Stormy's the night and raging the sea! The ship is rocking! Six of us three are turning slightly green! How black the sky is now, just look how black! See how the sky is darkening over our heads now! We should sing, "Stormy's the Night," just to keep our courage up. "Stormy's the night" is terrific when you feel your courage sinking. Stormy's the night on the raging sea! Will our brave ship stay sound? Will our brave ship stay sound? Hear the bell toll for a poor lost soul! Hear the bell toll for a poor lost soul! Pray we don't run aground! Pray we don't run aground! Pick up your speed, hold your tiller! Don't even sail against the wind! Pick up your speed, hold your tiller! Don't even sail against the wind! Don't try any new tricks! Shouldn't we lash ourselves to the mast if the storm gets any worse? No, those aren't storm clouds! Don't you worry! Those are the woodlands of Alaska! Now we are home! We can all relax! Hello! Is this Alaska? Awright, pay up for those drinks! Oh, it's Mahagonny! Jimmy, you offered us drinks as our host here! Jimmy, just for that we'll drink you a toast here! You offered us food and good liquor too. Well, suppose you pay me now. Sure, but there's something funny: Sure, but there's something funny: Seems all my cash has just gone, somehow! Seems all my cash has just gone, somehow! There's no way that I can pay your money. What, you don't want to pay me? Jimmy, take another look. You must have something tucked away! Like I told you before... The gentleman has no cash to pay? The gentleman does not wish to pay? Do you know what that means for you? Fella, now you're really through! Couldn't you put up something to tide him over? - And you, Jenny? - Me? - Sure, why not? - You're kidding. - The things they ask us girls to do! - You wouldn't even think of it? - No, to tell you the truth. - Tie him up! When I was young my mother painted my future completely black. She said I'd end up on a stone slab She said I'd end up on a stone slab or at any rate on my back! Or at any rate on my back! Well, that stuff isn't hard to say. But I say I won't end up like that. I'm not going to stand getting fleeced! Just let anyone try walking over me! A girl's not a beast! In this world you must make your own bed, and no one will show you the trick. So lie down and get kicked if you want to. As for me, I would rather stand and kick! In this world you must make your own bed, and no one will show you the trick. So lie down and get kicked if you want to. So lie down and get kicked if you want to. As for me, I will stand up and kick! As for me, I will stand up and kick! When I was young a fellow told me while gazing in my eyes: "Tonight's love is all that's important." "Tonight's love is all that's important." "Who knows if tomorrow's sun will rise?" "Who knows if tomorrow's sun will rise?" Well, loving, that's an easy game. But we all still get older. And love doesn't stay quite the same. So you have to use your time as best you can. So you have to use your time as best you can. A girl's not a beast! A girl's not a beast! In this world you must make your own bed, and no one will show you the trick. So lie down and get kicked if you want to. As for me, I would rather stand and kick! In this world you must make your own bed, and no one will show you the trick. So lie down and get kicked if you want to. As for me, I will stand up and kick! Everybody, come get a thrill! Look at the man who can't pay his bill! Rudeness, vice, and all that mean stuff! Rudeness, vice, and all that mean stuff! The worst part is: no green stuff! The penalty's the noose, no doubt. The worst part is: no green stuff! The penalty's the noose, no doubt. The worst part is: no green stuff! The penalty's the noose, no doubt. But please, dear clients, don't let that put you out! But please, dear clients, don't let that put you out! You don't need five bucks a day, living in your little boxes. If you'd rather work than play then you don't need all the extras. If you'd rather work than play then you don't need all the extras. Nowadays they get their action at God's suburban cosy fireside. Nowadays they get their action at God's suburban cosy fireside. And they all call it satisfaction. But they don't feel satisfied! But they don't feel satisfied! Don't let false hope blind you. There is no eternal life! The night creeps up behind you. Let each day's end remind you. Night's wind cuts like a knife. When the sky turns brighter, then we start an accursed day. As of now there is peace, for there is darkness. Pray tonight, Pray tonight, pray tonight won't be over! Pray tonight won't be over! Pray the day, pray the day won't ever come! I am afraid they'll be here shortly. I'll have to hit the ground as soon as they arrive. They'll have to drag me up if they expect to take me away! Pray tonight, Pray tonight, pray tonight won't be over! Pray tonight won't be over! Pray the day, pray the day won't ever come! Put that in your pipe and try to smoke it! Stuff it up your pipestem! Stuff it up your pipestem! Put that in your pipe and try to smoke it, Put that in your pipe and try to smoke it, aging youngster! Pray tonight, Pray tonight, pray tonight won't be over! Pray tonight won't be over! Pray the day Pray the day never comes! Never comes! Every day you lived was good enough for you. And tomorrow? Stuff it up your pipestem! Surely the sky will stay dark for a long time. Don't let the light come, don't let the sky lighten, for then we start an accursed day! Everyone step up and buy your ticket! Everyone step up and buy your ticket! We've got a few seats left for just five dollars We've got a few seats left for just five dollars Two really entertaining trials only five dollars for a seat. Only a fin, gentlemen, to see the wheels of Justice in motion! First comes the case of Toby Higgins. First comes the case of Toby Higgins. You are charged with premeditated murder. You are charged with premeditated murder. For the purpose of cleaning out an old revolver! Till today the world has never known a deed so frankly brutal. Till today the world has never known a deed so frankly brutal. Every normal human feeling you have shamelessly defied! Every normal human feeling you have shamelessly defied! Every normal human feeling you have shamelessly defied! And the mortally offended heart of justice And the mortally offended heart of justice raises a loud cries of retribution! Raises a loud cries of retribution! Hence on behalf of the prosecution I demand Hence on behalf of the prosecution I demand that in view of the accused's unrepentant stance, which proved his unbelievable depravity, that justice be given free rein! That justice be given free rein! To condemn him, given the circumstances, to freedom! To condemn him, given the circumstances, to freedom! Let the defence present its argument! Will the injured party rise? - If no injured party comes forward - Dead men don't tell no tales. We must of necessity release the man. Dead men don't tell no tales. Dead men don't tell no tales. Second, the case of Jimmy Maclntyre. Second, the case of Jimmy Maclntyre. Charged with petty larceny and defaulting on debt. Billy, can you lend a pal a C-note? Give a man a chance to make his case heard? Jim, you know how much I care! But with cash it's quite another matter! Bill, won't you try to remember the time we spent up in Alaska? The time we spent up in Alaska? Sure! Sure! The seven winters, the freezing weather, the giant pine trees we felled together! And how hard I worked for all money! Jimmy, that's why I can't give you any! Jimmy, that's why I can't give you any! Yes, that's why I can't give you any! Yes, that's why I can't give you any! Yes, that's why I can't give you any! The defendant is charged with never paying The defendant is charged with never paying The defendant is charged with never paying for whiskey and a curtain rod he used! For whiskey and a curtain rod he used! Till today the world has never known a deed so frankly brutal. Every normal human feeling you have shamelessly defied and the offended heart of justice raises loud cries of retribution! Hence I demand for the prosecution that justice be given free rein! I declare the general hearings open concerning you, Jimmy Maclntyre! When you first came here to Mahagonny you did seduce a girl named Jenny Smith and did compel her with cash to commit a carnal act with you. Will the injured party rise? I'm the one. And on the night of the great typhoon, in our hour of doubt and confusion, you sang an illegal joyous song. In our hour of doubt and confusion, you sang an illegal joyous song. Will the injured party rise? Will the injured party rise? No injured party is speaking out because no injury has been done. If no injury has been done, If no injury has been done, then you may escape one yourself, Jimmy Maclntyre! Then you may escape one yourself, Jimmy Maclntyre! But on that night the accused behaved as though the typhoon were in him, and he seduced the entire town destroying their peace and contentment! Destroying their peace and contentment! He's a simple lumberjack from Alaska He's a simple lumberjack from Alaska who discovered the laws of human happiness, by which you all have lived in Mahagonny. He is the hero of Mahagonny. We'll never let him go to jail, he's Jimmy Maclntyre. We'll never let him go to jail, he's Jimmy Maclntyre. Jimmy Maclntyre, the lumberjack from Alaska! Jim, I'm doing this for you because I can't forget Alaska! The seven winters, the freezing weather, the giant pine trees we felled together. But during a boxing match this simple lumberjack from Alaska, so he could win a lot of money, sent his friend to a certain death! But who, just who really killed the aforesaid friend? But who, just who really killed the aforesaid friend? Who did kill the said Alaska-Wolf Joe? Who did kill the said Alaska-Wolf Joe? This information is not in the possession of the court. But of all the men who stood around and watched not a single one bet on Joe when he gave up his life to fighting, only Jimmy Maclntyre, the man you see. Only Jimmy Maclntyre, the man you see. For that we'll see him rot in jail, that Jimmy Maclntyre! For that we'll see him rot in jail, that Jimmy Maclntyre! We'll never let him go to jail, he's Jimmy Maclntyre! Jimmy Maclntyre, the lumberjack from Alaska! Now comes the main count against you. Now comes the main count against you. You enjoyed three bottles of whiskey You enjoyed three bottles of whiskey and you made use of a certain curtain rod. But why, when it was time to pay, did you refuse? But why, when it was time to pay, did you refuse? I don't have the dough. I don't have the dough. He has no dough! There's no way for him to pay up! That's it for Jimmy Maclntyre! That's it for him! Now will the three injured parties rise? See how the three injured parties rise! Those are the threes injured parties! Your Honor, what is your verdict? You, Jimmy Maclntyre, hereby are sentenced... As accessory to the murder of a friend. To three days in jail! For destroying our peace and contentment... For destroying our peace and contentment... A year's loss of civil rights! A year's loss of civil rights! For the seduction of a girl known as Jenny... Four years on a chain gang! Four years on a chain gang! For the singing of illegal songs during hurricanes... For the singing of illegal songs during hurricanes... For the singing of illegal songs during hurricanes... To ten years in prison! To ten years in prison! But because you drank my three bottles of whiskey and used my curtain rod without paying you are condemned to death, Jimmy Maclntyre! In the whole human race, there is no greater criminal In the whole human race, there is no greater criminal than a man without money! Than a man without money! There is no money in this land. There is no boy to shake with hands. Where is the telephone? Is here no telephone? Is here no telephone? God damn me, no. God damn me, no. Let's go to Benares To Benares, where the sun is shining. Let's go to Benares. There is not much fun on this star. There is no door that is ajar. Where is the telephone? Is here no telephone? Sir, God damn me, no. Benares is said to have been perished by an earthquake. Oh, my good Benares! Oh, where shall we go! Oh, my good Benares! Oh, where shall we go! Benares is said to have been perished by an earthquake. Benares is said to have been perished by an earthquake. Oh, my good Benares! Oh, where shall we go! Where shall we go! Where shall we go! Settle up your personal business, because the gentlemen who are waiting to watch you go have no interest in your private affairs. Dearest Jenny, I'm leaving now. Dearest Jenny, I'm leaving now. The days that I spent with you The days that I spent with you all were pleasant ones. And the end, when that came was pleasant too. Dearest Jimmy, I also enjoyed I also enjoyed the little time I spent with you. The little time I spent with you. And I don't know where I may end up now. Take my word, there's lots of guys as good as me. That isn't true I know I won't see I know I won't see a time like this again. A time like this again. Are you wearing white? It's like you were a widow. Yes, I'm your widow now. And I'll never forget you when I'm back with the girls. Kiss me, Jenny! Kiss me, Jimmy! Think of me! Sure will, Jimmy! Don't think badly of me! Why would I? Kiss me, Jenny! Kiss me, Jimmy! And now I'll leave you, my dear, to my close companion Billy. He's the only one left of us four Musketeers who came down here from Alaska! So long, Jim! So long, Bill! First don't forget to stuff your faces, First don't forget to stuff your faces, second comes the loving match. Second comes the loving match. Third put the boxers through their paces Fourth comes drinking, down the hatch! Have you anything else to say for yourself? Yes. My fate was sealed when I first came to this town. The happiness I bought was no happiness. The freedom money gives is no freedom. I drank and was still thirsty. I ate and was still hungry. Don't let false hope blind you there is no eternal life. The night creeps up behind you. Let each day's end remind you night's wind cuts like a knife! Night's wind cuts like a knife! Never let them to cheat you. Never let them to cheat you. Life was not made to grieve. Let all its good things treat you. Your death will still defeat you, Your death will still defeat you, the day you take your leave. The day you take your leave. Don't let them console you; your life will be too brief. If you let Death enrol you before you are in your hole, you never will feel joy or grief! Don't let blind hope lead you to drudge your life away! With fear don't let them feed you. You know like beast they breed you, there is nothing but today. One morning when the sky was gray feeling our whiskey, God came to Mahagonny. Feeling our whiskey we saw God had come to Mahagonny! Must you swill like sponges all my precious corn year after year? Did you think that I was never coming? Are you ready now that I am here? They thought the matter over in Mahagonny. Yes, answered the people of Mahagonny! One morning when the sky was gray feeling our whiskey. God came to Mahagonny. Feeling our whiskey we saw God had come to Mahagonny! Where were you on Friday evening? I saw Mary Weeman in the lake Where were you on Friday evening? I saw Mary Weeman in the lake floating belly up like some dead codfish. Floating belly up like some dead codfish. And she won't dry out, make no mistake! And she won't dry out, make no mistake! They thought the matter over in Mahagonny! They thought the matter over in Mahagonny! Yes, answered the people of Mahagonny! One morning when the sky was gray feeling our whiskey, God came to Mahagonny. Feeling our whiskey, we saw God had come to Mahagonny! Does this gun look familiar? Did you shoot a man who served me well? Do I have to live with you in Heaven with your dirty hair and drunken smell? They thought the matter over in Mahagonny. They thought the matter over in Mahagonny. Yes, answered the people of Mahagonny! Yes, answered the people of Mahagonny! One morning when the sky was gray feeling our whiskey, God came to Mahagonny. God came to Mahagonny. Feeling our whiskey we saw God had come to Mahagonny! Feeling our whiskey we saw God had come to Mahagonny! You can all go to hell now! Get a pack of cigarettes and go! Double-time it down to Hell! Soon you'll be burning there below! They thought the matter over in Mahagonny! No, answered the people of Mahagonny! One morning when the sky was gray, feeling our whiskey, One morning when the sky was gray, feeling our whiskey, you come to Mahagonny! You come to Mahagonny! Feeling our whiskey Make trouble in Mahagonny! Well, we won't move a muscle! We're out on strike! There's no way for you to drag us down to Hell forever! Can't you tell we are in Hell already? They thought God's offer over in Mahagonny! No, replied the people of Mahagonny! They thought God's offer over in Mahagonny! No, replied the people of Mahagonny! Still, we only built this Mahagonny because the world is so rotten! There is no peace on Earth and no contentment. And there is nothing a man can depend upon! We don't need help from hurricanes. Let whirlwinds do what they can! Let whirlwinds do what they can! For though they may cause their share of pains. For though they may cause their share of pains. For though they may cause their share of pains. The most frightening force is Man. The most frightening force is Man. In this world you must make your own bed; And no one will show you the trick. So lie down and get kicked if you want to. As for me, I would rather stand and kick! As for me, I would rather stand and kick! Still, we only built this Mahagonny, because the world is so rotten! Still, we only built this Mahagonny, because the world is so rotten! Still, we only built this Mahagonny, because the world is so rotten! There is no peace on Earth and no contentment. There is no peace on Earth and no contentment. There is no peace on Earth and no contentment. And there is nothing And there is nothing a man can depend upon! Oh, moon of Alabama Oh, moon of Alabama we now must say goodbye. We now must say goodbye. We've lost our good old mama and must have dollars, you know why. You can wet his mouth with vinegar, you can wipe sweat off his brow. You can bring surgical forceps, draw his tongue out of his mouth. Nothing you can do will help a dead man. Nothing you can do will help a dead man. Nothing you can do will help a dead man. You can try to sweet-talk him or you can yell at him. Or you can let him lie there, or you can drag him with you. No prescription you prescribe ever will help a dead man. Nothing you can do will help a dead man. Nothing you can do will help a dead man. You can shove cash into his hand, you can dig a hole for him, you can shove him down in it, you can prod him up with a shovel. Nothing you can do will help a dead man. Nothing you can do will help a dead man. Nothing you can do will help a dead man. You can reminisce about his shining hour. You can reminisce about his shining hour. You can let his shining hour be forgotten. You can let his shining hour be forgotten. You can put a spotless white shirt upon him. Nothing you can do will help a dead man. Nothing will help him or us or you now! Nothing will help him or us or you now! 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 