Great Performances: Season 38, Episode 7 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Great Performances 
 s38e7 - Passing Strange - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Great Performances (1971–…): Season 38, Episode 7 - Passing Strange - full transcript 
 A young black artist leaves his Los Angeles digs and travels to Europe to find himself. A theatrical stage production of the original Broadway musical. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Hey, what's up? I feel like Barack next year. It's really cool. You can do that. ♪ Now you don't know me ♪ ♪ And I don't know you ♪ ♪ So let's cut to the chase ♪ ♪ The name is Stew ♪ ♪ And I'll be narrating this gig ♪ ♪ So just sit tight ♪ ♪ We might play all night ♪ 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 ♪ Been on the road, me, Heidi, and this band ♪ ♪ For 10,000 days of one-night stands ♪ ♪ And oh, by the way ♪ ♪ Can we crash on your couch tonight? ♪ ♪ I said, is that all right? ♪ ♪ Is that all right? ♪ ♪ Is that all right? ♪ ♪ Well before we cab it back to your uptown flat ♪ ♪ We're gonna do a little play since you paid for that ♪ ♪ A play where this band tells you where it's at ♪ ♪ So just follow along, just follow along ♪ ♪ Just follow along ♪ ♪ Well, if this mic feeds back or the drums rock out ♪ ♪ Or an amp explodes or the bass player pouts ♪ 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 ♪ Hmm ♪ ♪ Or if you're ever not sure what I'm on about ♪ ♪ Just ask the song ♪ ♪ Just ask the song ♪ ♪ Just ask the song, okay? ♪ ♪ Now since it's my job I'ma set the scene ♪ ♪ In a big two-story, black middle-class dream ♪ ♪ With all the mod cons, the manicured lawn ♪ ♪ Some savings bonds ♪ ♪ A boy and his mom ♪ ♪ A colored paradise where the palm trees sway ♪ ♪ A colored paradise where the palm trees sway ♪ Cue music. Sunday morning, South Central L.A., 1976. Mother stands in doorway. Youth is sleeping. Wake up, pillow-huggin' son o' mine. It's your turn to rise and shine. Fo' too long now you been on the wrong side of right. I ain't studyin' how late you was up last night. Lord, have mercy, child. Look at your head. Look just like a feather bed. Now let go of dat pillow. Leave dat dangerous dream be. Jump out of that bed and come a-churchin' with me. She drops the Negro dialect and speaks in her natural voice. It's such a beautiful Sunday morning. And so begins her weekly sermon. Son, it wouldn't kill you to go to church this morning. Youth's eyes open. And as for all this new Zen Buddha talk... Youth sits up in bed. Zen Bu-ddhism! The Bible clearly states, "Thou shalt place"... oh, wait a minute. How does that go again? Om. I know you'd be happier in one of them white churches, praising the lord in jeans and a T-shirt. She finds a jacket. - But what about this one? - She hurls it at him. Uh, four words, Mom: Brown, poly, ester. No. Why are normal everyday things like sheer agony for you? 'Cause normal everyday things are phony. Why do I have to change? Om. Now, look, swami. The tiny inconvenience of a tie and a nice jacket is a small price to pay fo' eternal life. Note the return of the Negro dialect... Since the day they done dragged us offa that slave ship, the church has been our only real home... Rising to its authentic, authoritative crescendo. Lord only know what black folk woulda done without the church! 'Cause there ain't nothin' in this ugly, unforgiving world, and I mean nothin', like a good black church! Then why don't you ever go? [dramatic blues music and singing] ♪ Those catty church bitches give me the blues ♪ ♪ And Lord, look at these shoes ♪ ♪ And you know ♪ ♪ Church people, we're all about the shoes ♪ ♪ Mama says you got to go to the Baptist fashion show ♪ ♪ Silk ties, shiny purses, fancy hats, and jewels ♪ ♪ Mama says you got to go ♪ ♪ Jesus gonna save your soul ♪ ♪ And that Christian catwalk was real unforgiving ♪ ♪ Mama says you got to go ♪ ♪ But she didn't want to go ♪ ♪ To anyone who couldn't fit in for a living ♪ ♪ Mama says you got to go to the Baptist fashion show ♪ Now, honestly, son, does this hat go with these shoes? Colors are colors, Mom. But if you had to choose? Well, if it was up to me... Oh, you'd still be in bed. I know. Why don't you go make some pancakes? Then we'd be too late to go. ♪ Holy war on Sunday morning ♪ I won't be breathing easy once this noose gets knotted. ♪ It was war on Sunday morning ♪ You men don't know how easy you got it. ♪ Now the church on Adams Boulevard ♪ ♪ Is usually a bore ♪ ♪ The ladies wave fans and the old men snore ♪ ♪ The kids cut up on cue in the very back pew ♪ ♪ And the Holy Ghost ain't been here since 1972 ♪ all: Look who's here! Seems like we never see you anymore! ♪ They got real estate, college funds ♪ ♪ Jobs with benefits, homeowners, debutantes ♪ This place is as phony as it gets. ♪ Look, everybody sharp ♪ ♪ Ain't not one head nappy ♪ ♪ But it's been a long time since this church got happy ♪ ♪ With their judgmental eyes ♪ ♪ See, they've all just realized... ♪ All: 14 years old and still ain't been baptized. Son, bring me a fan and a tithing envelope. Like they ain't got enough money already. ♪ Now just as he thought ♪ ♪ "This'll be a nightmare come true," ♪ ♪ His conviction turned to ice in that chilly church pew ♪ ♪ His conviction turned to ice in that chilly church pew ♪ Jesus'll make it back here before I do. ♪ He saw the brownskinded ladies ♪ ♪ In their oversized crowns ♪ ♪ And the jet-black deacons ♪ ♪ With those "Don't you do that" frowns ♪ ♪ And those high yellow girls in skin-tight gowns ♪ ♪ A collection of verbs disguised as nouns ♪ ♪ And every Sunday she pushed him ♪ ♪ But she never wanted to go ♪ ♪ Every Sunday he listened ♪ ♪ But he didn't want to know ♪ ♪ It's too bad they never talked about ♪ ♪ The shared truth that dwelled below ♪ ♪ Who could handle the pressure ♪ ♪ Of this Baptist fashion show? ♪ ♪ Listening is waiting ♪ ♪ Listening is waiting ♪ ♪ The whole congregation was listening and waiting ♪ ♪ To be released from its collective frown ♪ ♪ Even the bad kids in the back pew were wondering... ♪ Together: Is something real gonna go down? Ew. ♪ Now some said, "Lord, please read us, ♪ ♪ Collect us, then lead us to higher ground" ♪ ♪ And then all asked the very same question... ♪ Together: ♪ Is somethin' real goin' down? ♪ ♪ Down, down, down? ♪ Lord, show up and save him this morning. Show him you are real. ♪ And then the chilly church pews got suddenly warm ♪ ♪ And the notes of the music began to swarm ♪ ♪ And then bridges of spirit began to form ♪ ♪ Subjecting and connecting everyone ♪ ♪ To what they needed to feel ♪ ♪ This is how a church made way for the real ♪ ♪ Waiting and vibrating for more than Christ's sake ♪ ♪ As the organ started doing that earthquake shake ♪ ♪ When it sounds like the speakers are starting to break ♪ ♪ And time itself slips into Earth's crack ♪ ♪ And Mrs. Kelso's getting happy ♪ ♪ Ahhh! ♪ ♪ Mrs. Kelso's getting happy ♪ ♪ She keeps hitting you in the back ♪ ♪ And Mr. Franklin plays piano ♪ ♪ Like he was mad at it ♪ ♪ Till it started to hum ♪ ♪ And the church was getting' bad at it ♪ ♪ Like a stained-glass drum ♪ ♪ Like a stained-glass drum ♪ ♪ Like a stained-glass drum ♪ ♪ And then the mystery of life ♪ ♪ Was on its way to getting solved ♪ ♪ Don't look now, church ♪ ♪ I think the real's gettin' involved ♪ And then something strange happened, something that's never happened in this church. I'm having a religious experience. Thank you, Jesus. This is real. Thank you, Lord! ♪ It's mighty real ♪ Reel him in, Heavenly Father! ♪ 'Scuse me while I kiss the sky! ♪ And then the right Reverend Jones revved up and started banging the pulpit like a conga drum, and his screams cut through the organ's swell like a bolt of sonic lightning. And then it struck. Oh, fuck. ♪ I'm gonna tell y'all a story 'bout Apostle Paul ♪ ♪ All right! ♪ ♪ All right now ♪ ♪ All right, father! ♪ ♪ Come on now, church ♪ Could you repeat that? ♪ I said, I'm gonna tell y'all a story 'bout Apostle Paul ♪ ♪ All right! ♪ ♪ Yes! ♪ ♪ Y'all don't have to wait ♪ ♪ Come on ♪ ♪ Hallelujah! ♪ ♪ Cruisin' up and down that fretboard ♪ ♪ Like it was the road to Damascus ♪ Where you headed, Pilgrim? ♪ If you don't know the way, you better ask us ♪ ♪ You better ask somebody ♪ - ♪ It was a mind... ♪ - ♪ Yeah! ♪ - ♪ Expanding... ♪ - ♪ Yeah! ♪ - ♪ Revelation! ♪ - ♪ Yeah! ♪ - ♪ Revelation! ♪ - ♪ Yeah! ♪ ♪ Revelation, revelation, revelation ♪ ♪ Yeah ♪ ♪ Who came here to feel the spirit? ♪ ♪ I did! ♪ ♪ Well, are you ready to get inspired? ♪ ♪ Come on, now! ♪ ♪ We built this house on love ♪ ♪ Can you feel it? ♪ ♪ Now the boy and the Reverend are tradin' licks now ♪ ♪ Yes, praise Jesus! ♪ ♪ Hotter than a party on the River Styx ♪ ♪ Come on, now! ♪ ♪ Praise God! ♪ ♪ Leading the church on a holy ghost search ♪ ♪ It's a pilgrimage of a solo ♪ ♪ Well, well, well ♪ ♪ It's a Fillmore West bank solo ♪ ♪ Well, well, well ♪ ♪ You're tappin' your foot but you don't hear me though ♪ ♪ And the boy's tagging along ♪ ♪ Behind a message in his song ♪ ♪ He was freed, guaranteed had to let the pilgrim lead ♪ ♪ Come on, Jones! ♪ ♪ Now is God real? ♪ All: ♪ Yes, he's real ♪ ♪ Well, can you deal with the real? ♪ All: ♪ We can deal with the real ♪ ♪ Now is God real? ♪ All: ♪ Oh, yes, He's real ♪ ♪ Well, can you deal with the real? ♪ All: ♪ We can deal with the real ♪ ♪ Now, is God real? ♪ All: ♪ Oh, yes, He's real ♪ ♪ Well, can you deal with the real? ♪ All: ♪ We can deal with the real ♪ ♪ One, two, three, four ♪ ♪ The bubble was expanding ♪ ♪ There was a new understanding ♪ all: ♪ Music is the freight train ♪ ♪ In which God travels ♪ ♪ Bang! ♪ ♪ It does its thang and then my soul unravels ♪ ♪ Heals like holy water and it fights all my battles ♪ ♪ Music is the freight train in which God travels ♪ ♪ Music is the freight train in which God travels ♪ ♪ Bang! ♪ ♪ It does its thang and then my soul unravels ♪ ♪ Heals like holy water and it fights all my battles ♪ ♪ Music is the freight train in which God travels ♪ Whoo! Whoo! Mom, Mom, I can feel the spirit, and it's real! And check it out! Reverend Jones is singing the blues. And what we're doing is call and response. We brought it over from the motherland. Mama, we're just a tribe of bluesy Africans! And church ain't nothin' but rock and roll! But it was on PBS. Are you trying to embarrass me in front of all these people? But that was the coolest thing that's ever happened here. Do you want these people thinking I've raised a heathen? - I'm not like you. I don't care what they think. Don't you know the difference between the sacred and the profane? I can't hear the difference. ♪ She slapped him back into himself ♪ ♪ And then he pulled away ♪ ♪ To be nurtured by his destiny ♪ ♪ On that warm L.A. Sunday ♪ ♪ And so it was in church he began his search ♪ ♪ Down a road that would not bend ♪ ♪ In stained-glass light the pilgrim went in search ♪ ♪ Of a song that would not end ♪ I got to get out of these clothes. ♪ And there he goes ♪ ♪ After service, Mom and I are church celebrities ♪ all: ♪ Praise Jesus! ♪ ♪ Flashbulb smiles light us up like paparazzi ♪ ♪ Praise God! ♪ ♪ A Christian Kodak moment is what everybody wants ♪ all: ♪ That's right! ♪ Together: ♪ Now we are ♪ ♪ A Madonna and Child tableau vivant ♪ all: Smile, God damn it! Ding! Enter Mr. Franklin, the Reverend's piano-banging son. How are you, Miss Irma? Tout va bien? Oui. Franklin, you are so talented. I just love the way you spice up those old spirituals. And I don't care what these old fogies think. Onward, Christian Soldiers as a rumba? You go ahead on, boy! I'm so glad you liked the arrangement. It's God's work, you know. I'm just the vessel. Preach. Oh, and can I say you're looking very Marilyn McCoo today. You must be tryin' to catch one. Oh, Franklin, you know I look terrible. If I had the nerve, one day I'd show up here in an outrageous gown and show everyone. You go ahead on, girl. You go head on, girl. If it's the last thing I do, I'm gonna get him into your choir. That is not going to happen. Choir is a fabulous place to develop one's harmonic sensibilities. I'm developing my own sensibilities. Did I hear you say you're joining the youth choir? No, I'm not. See, what none of you understand is that... So you're joining the youth choir. Aw. Lord knows we could use a new member. ♪ Ever since her transformation ♪ ♪ Into a teenage goddess ♪ Hi! ♪ Edwina Williams never said more to him than... ♪ Hey. ♪ In that halfhearted way ♪ ♪ Teenage goddesses are obliged to do ♪ ♪ Oh, but now her magnetic eyes were fixed on him ♪ ♪ Drawing him into the vortex of her Ebony Magazine smile ♪ Hey! Ahh! ♪ Sunday morning's steamy stained-glass window vision ♪ ♪ I am the way ♪ ♪ The wriggling bait ♪ ♪ At the end of God's fishing hook ♪ ♪ I am the truth ♪ ♪ She was the Master's bait ♪ ♪ And the light ♪ ♪ She was a Prayboy Bunny, Lord... ♪ ♪ Airbrushed by the Almighty ♪ Whoo! You in my choir now! Lord, have mercy! You want some of this blessing? Yes, brown sugar. I said, do you want some of this blessing? Yes, brown sugar! Then I need some new clothes. Yes, brown sugar. You got to do something about your hair. Yes, brown sugar. - And get that B.A. in communications from a prestigious black college. Yes, brown sugar. And after we marry, and you've got a job in the corporate sector, you'll buy me a sprawling two-story house full of African sculptures from tribes we know nothing about, kente cloth couch covers, and Malcolm X commemorative plates lining the walls of our airy, peach-colored breakfast nook. Oh, yes, brown sug... Breakfast nook? And lastly, you'll need to blacken up a bit. Blacken up? Yeah. Like... Not so much that you become unhirable or anything, but you know, you kind of act too white. You're not black enough for me! Put a little soul in your stroll. Had he assumed the costume, he could have bathed in her fire. But he's still got to deal with that dorky youth choir. Greetings, Christian comrade. Mr. Franklin has requested your presence... At the prayer circle. What? It's a mandatory ritual for new choir members. Oh, God. Exactly! Welcome to the prayer circle. He smoked his first joint that Thursday afternoon... Right before choir rehearsal in a powder blue VW bug parked atop Arlington Hill overlooking South Central L.A. The man behind the wheel was none other than Franklin Jones. I'm just the vessel. Church pianist, youth choir director, but more significantly, the Reverend Jones' son. That's right, Mom. I'm smoking weed with the reverend's son. He works in mysterious ways indeed. Our hero had found his tribe. Now Sherry and Terry were the bad kids at church. Terry obsessively drew cartoons of Jesus water skiing. Check it out. And Sherry always looked at our hero as if she knew his most carefully guarded secret. And as for Mr. Franklin, well, he was a completely different person when it wasn't Sunday morning. ♪ Vissi d'arte ♪ Hello. Maria Callas speaking. Yes, it's me, darlings, with my funny nose, skinny legs, and all. And I have nothing to hide. If I were any more real, child, I'd be fictional. Children, if we were in Amsterdam right now, we'd be inhaling this... this sacrament in a comfy cafè with a wicked cup of espresso. All: In public? In flagrante delicto, kinder! Nobody's hiding anything over there. Dig me? Wow. ♪ He took a hit for the first time ♪ ♪ In a bug on Arlington Hill ♪ ♪ Hip to hip shoulder to shoulder ♪ ♪ The radio, it blasts in everyone's ears ♪ ♪ Oh, she sees you there in the rearview ♪ ♪ Choking on smoke and trying to be cool ♪ ♪ When he and Mr. Franklin ♪ ♪ Were parked up there on Arlington Hill ♪ ♪ Just the two of them ♪ ♪ It was like sitting next to a soulfully played cello ♪ ♪ Franklin made him feel like that powder blue VW bug ♪ ♪ Was just hovering over South Central ♪ ♪ And y'all were just escaped slaves in a beautiful balloon ♪ ♪ And yes, there's a place in this world... ♪ For whatever... ♪ For everyone... ♪ Or whoever you are tonight. I mean, baby, we're all freaks depending on the backdrop, you know? Yeah, we're all freaks... Lookin' for a home. And as for this Philistine fishbowl we're swimmin' around in? Shoot! If you want to deal with le real, I'm talking Stockholm, baby, persona, you know? I'm talking about Rome and one of them La Dolce Vita parties, you know? I'm talking about Godard's Paris, baby, I mean, 'cause we a Band of Outsiders too, you know. I mean, I'm talking about brother Al Camus, The Stranger. Brother said, "Algeria?" "See ya! Wouldn't want to be ya, okay?" I mean talkin' about little Jimmy Baldwin, baby. You got to go to Another Country if you want to get to Giovanni's Room. Ha! Now that's what I'm talking about. Half the time he didn't know what the fuck Mr. Franklin was talking about. But that was cool, 'cause Franklin's words would just wash over him like a Bach fugue creeping out of a cheap car stereo on the brother side of midnight. You know how when the music goes right over your head and straight into that part of you which is most beautiful? I mean, when your mind can't grasp the music's math, ♪ And your heartbeat has no clue ♪ ♪ Your pilgrim soul just follows the melody's path ♪ ♪ Then it looks back ♪ ♪ It looks back and says ♪ ♪ I want to thank you, brother ♪ ♪ Hey, I want to thank you brother ♪ ♪ Hey, I want to thank you for this fugue ♪ ♪ And it just is and is and is so much ♪ ♪ That whether you get it or not it's got ♪ La Baker walking a panther down the boulevard. ♪ Oh, oh, Adams and Crenshaw is beautiful ♪ ♪ And they are laughing in the Sun ♪ ♪ Then they parachute into church ♪ ♪ So they can sing before practice is done ♪ ♪ When they raise one voice ♪ ♪ Stoned angels weep ♪ ♪ Then he feels the Holy Ghost ♪ ♪ And it's creeping up slowly ♪ Where should I go in Europe? Anywhere. Where did you go? Nowhere. Holy Father keeps me on a short leash, keeps me in check by signing the checks. You could say that he's paying me to not be myself. I could say that I'm chained to the church piano. But that would an insult to actual slaves. These were the parameters of the cage. Because you see, my boy, slaves... oh yeah, that's it. Slaves got options. Options, you dig? I'm talking escape, revolt, death. Options. But cowards ain't got shit. Cowards only have consequences. Dig me? Hmm? Do you dig me? Hey, man, don't let him know you're freaked out. Say something clever. I don't believe in God. Does He know? Does He know? I appreciate your feeling compelled to share one of your deep and dirty secrets with me. That was very sweet of you. I apologize if I went overboard. So in this corner, the sensitive, artistic soul. And in this corner, moi, La Franklin, the wicked Baptist rebel. Yet, in the end, we're just two brothers passing. Like your high yellow grandma back in the day, only we're passing for black folks. Ha. Good lawn trimmin', tax payin', morally upstanding, narrow-minded Christian black folk. Now ain't that a bitch? Black folks passing for black folks. That's a trip. If it were any more real, baby... It'd be fiction. Well. Holler. ♪ And suddenly there is meaning ♪ ♪ Arlington Hill helped him see everything ♪ ♪ Yeah, suddenly there is meaning ♪ ♪ And everything's all right ♪ ♪ See, everything's all right ♪ ♪ Oh, but is everything... ♪ ♪ Everything... ♪ ♪ All right? ♪ ♪ Is all right ♪ ♪ I said, is everything... ♪ ♪ Everything ♪ ♪ All right? ♪ ♪ It's all right ♪ ♪ Is it all right now? ♪ ♪ Everything's all right ♪ ♪ Is it all right now? ♪ ♪ Everything's all right ♪ ♪ Is it all right, all right, all right, all right? ♪ ♪ Everything's all right ♪ ♪ Everything's all right ♪ ♪ Everything's all right ♪ ♪ Everything's all right ♪ Get up! Find a garage with a lot of space. Get Sherry to buy a little pawnshop bass. And if Terry can't play, just make him understand. It ain't no problem. This is punk rock, man! I suck! I suck, I suck! Told you I couldn't play drums. And we should've believed you. Look, it's not about playing the right notes. It's about pure energy and relentless self-expression. My dad says the odds of making it in the music biz are zero. So go sell air conditioners like him. Yeah, just forget about our music career. - We have no music career. We suck! Hey, I'd rather suck at this than be great at selling air conditioners. Do you think your dad is happy? Can we play the fucking song? Go ask him. Ladies and jerks, we are... The Scaryotypes! - One, two, three, four! One, two, three, four! ♪ I'm at war with Negro mores ♪ ♪ I'm at war with ghetto norms ♪ ♪ My mother stands in doorways beggin' me to conform ♪ ♪ Be a good football-playin' snazzy-dressin' brother ♪ ♪ So the sisters won't be able to tell me from the others ♪ ♪ Yeah I'm the sole brother up in this motherfucker ♪ ♪ Yeah I'm the sole brother up in this motherfucker ♪ ♪ Yeah I'm the sole brother up in this motherfucker ♪ ♪ Yeah I'm the sole brother here ♪ So Roots blew your mind? You didn't know it was that bad? I learned that shit in third grade in Miss Medearis's class. ♪ But you're still a bunch of slaves ♪ ♪ And you're driving me insane ♪ ♪ 'Cause the whip across your shoulder ♪ ♪ Is connected to your brain ♪ There are some sandwiches in the den for when you kids get hungry. Mom! God. One, two, three, four! One, two, three, four! ♪ I'm the sole brother ♪ ♪ And it's not all right ♪ ♪ I'm the sole brother ♪ ♪ And it's not all right ♪ ♪ I'm the sole brother ♪ ♪ And it's not all right ♪ ♪ I'm the sole brother here ♪ Oh, yay! Scaryotype! Man, that was the best it ever sounded. We're gonna be huge. Bravo, children! Bravissimo! Listen, my father just informed me that he's giving the youth choir a Sunday all to ourselves. Now, listen, this is gonna take a lot of rehearsal. We're rehearsing now, man. Mon frère, is it time for a little lesson in priorities? Yeah, I guess it is. Franklin, man, us and the choir... it ain't workin' for us no more. What "ain't workin" '? The double life shit ain't workin'. Double life? - This band is our choir now. We're writing our own songs. Songs? So that's what you're calling them. Spicing up the spirituals with your stupid-ass little arrangements ain't got shit to do with dealing with le real. You see, we're gonna live the way you just talk. We're not in your little car anymore. Hey, Franklin, man. We're rehearsing. ♪ The punk rock freight train turned with the tide ♪ ♪ Into a psychedelic underground railroad ride ♪ Lucy in the Sky with Diamonds, man. My brother says this shit is wicked. Hold on to your hats. Welcome to the new school of slave rebellion. ♪ See, Terry's folks, they went out of town ♪ ♪ So they bought a sheet and they all got down ♪ ♪ Chandelier eyes and electric chairs ♪ ♪ Visit your mind and spend two days there ♪ ♪ Where every song sounds just like an angels' choir ♪ ♪ Your edges get rounded ♪ ♪ You'll have wings of fire ♪ ♪ Soaring through the sky ♪ ♪ They must have been ♪ We got to tour, man. I can't wait to tour the country. Fuck this fishbowl. If we're gonna deal with the real, we got to tour Europe. Hendrix had to go there to get famous. America can't handle freaky Negroes. Knee grows. We got to start saving money to get over there. We're not going anywhere. What? Shut up. We're tripping now, but when this trip is over, we're still gonna be right here, just north of the 10 freeway between Crenshaw Boulevard and West Boulevard on 4257 Saturn, Saturn, Saturn, Saturn Drive. And you want to know why, man? Because we're not going anywhere! That's bullshit, man. Is not! It's been two years, and I still can't find my natural sense of rhythm. - Make him stop. - Look at Franklin! Look at him! He never made it out. Oh, you really think you're better than him? Do you? Look, man it's not about who's better than... We're all gonna wake up one day and be 30 years old, man! Why you got to get all morbid and shit, man? Oh, God. It's happening right now. Look, I'm aging. I'm aging. My skin is wrinkling. You're just high, man. That's no excuse! I just turned 30. I'm 30, and my life is over. I haven't even been to SeaWorld. That's okay. That's okay because I'll just go there with my boring wife who hates music and my ugly kids who hate me. Help me, somebody. I'm a resident of Los Angeles. I know what it's like to be dead. Well, we'll just have to get another drummer. We're a band. How can you say that? We can't make it unless we make the band our lives. And he's scared. So what if I get scared? You gonna kick me out too? ♪ And everything mattered ♪ ♪ It's so different now ♪ ♪ The ashes were scattered ♪ ♪ They moved on somehow ♪ ♪ Never asking why ♪ ♪ They must have been high ♪ Terry? Terry, we have to go. ♪ They must have been high ♪ ♪ Sitting on the balcony watching the rail rust ♪ ♪ Time slips through your fingers ♪ ♪ Slips through your fingers just like angel dust ♪ ♪ Slips through your fingers just like angel dust ♪ ♪ Slips through your fingers just like angel dust ♪ ♪ Slips through your fingers just like angel dust ♪ ♪ It's breaking your heart ♪ ♪ His questioning of everything ♪ ♪ Unannounced, he's flown ♪ ♪ Out from under your wing ♪ ♪ I'm hardly afraid ♪ ♪ Of your new world's strange design ♪ ♪ Why don't you make room for me ♪ ♪ As I made room for you in mine? ♪ ♪ See, I've been running from this world ♪ ♪ For far longer than you ♪ ♪ But I didn't know where else to go ♪ ♪ And so I hid from it in you ♪ ♪ And then for a time this world was yours and mine ♪ ♪ And that was only yesterday, you see ♪ ♪ But now you've got your own thing ♪ ♪ And it does not include me ♪ ♪ It's breaking her heart ♪ ♪ She says you seem so distant these days ♪ ♪ Unannounced you've grown ♪ ♪ Into a living thing ♪ ♪ Into a living thing ♪ ♪ Into a living thing ♪ ♪ Into a living thing ♪ all: There he is! How nice of Mr. Musician to grace us with his presence. Seems like we never see you anymore. You still messin' around with that guitar? Terry and Sherry gave up that mess a long time ago. All: Mm-mm-mm. Instead of trying to find yourself, why don't you try to find a job? "I'm just tryin' ta' live mah life." You better leave that kind of crap to whitey! ♪ Got to get away from these Philistines, Philistines ♪ all: ♪ This is your life ♪ ♪ And it's the only one you've got ♪ ♪ This is your life ♪ ♪ And there ain't no way out ♪ ♪ Oh, oh, whoa ♪ ♪ Make room for me ♪ ♪ As I made room for you ♪ Ain't no way out, huh? Is that what you think? Well, guess what. You know what I'm saving money for? I'm going to Europe and not just to visit. I'm moving there for good. ♪ At this point in the play we were planning a show tune ♪ ♪ An upbeat "got to leave this town" ♪ ♪ Kind of show tune ♪ ♪ But we don't know how to write those kind of tunes ♪ However, we do know how to make fun of European avant-garde cinema. So without further ado... I have my ticket. Such a selfish person I never dreamed I'd raise. And how callously you serve me my fate, to die alone in this shell of a house. This brings me no joy. Joy is for children. Then I remain a child. What is wrong with a comfortable home, a loving family, and sunshine all year round? All of the above. People died so that you might enjoy these comforts. And those comforts are killing me. How can you be so unappreciative? It's easy. My dream is to live as an artist. Love is more real than a dream. What would you know about dreams? That they can haunt you to your grave, that they can be... torture. You torture me with love when what I need is understanding. You formed inside my body. I understand everything about you. You understand nothing! Clearly you've never had a dream. Is that what you think? Not a dream like mine, not a dream like this. I am at least owed an explanation for why you are destroying my life. ♪ Well, it's something like this ♪ ♪ La, la, la, la, la ♪ ♪ La, la, la, la, la ♪ ♪ Uh-huh ♪ ♪ La, la, la, la, la ♪ ♪ La, la, la, la, la ♪ ♪ Yeah ♪ ♪ La, la, la, la, la ♪ ♪ La, la, la, la, la ♪ ♪ Whoo-whee! ♪ ♪ La, la, la, la, la ♪ ♪ La, la, la, la, la ♪ ♪ Naked girls at breakfast tables ♪ ♪ Talking Hegel and Camus ♪ ♪ Adieu, Disneyland! ♪ ♪ While men dressed up in Gauloises smoke ♪ ♪ Quote Marx right back at you ♪ ♪ Auf Wiedersehen, LAPD! ♪ ♪ All this might seem obscure ♪ ♪ That would depend on who you are ♪ ♪ Ciao, ciao, Mr. Reagan. ♪ ♪ Fellini, Truffaut, Pasolini ♪ ♪ And don't forget Monsieur Godard ♪ ♪ Can you dig it? ♪ ♪ Welcome aboard Air Amsterdam Flight Zero ♪ ♪ A panorama of sculpture ♪ ♪ Of music painting and culture ♪ ♪ Nonstop to the real ♪ ♪ An intellectual arcade ♪ ♪ Did I say he needed to get laid? ♪ ♪ La, la, la, la, la ♪ ♪ La, la, la, la, la ♪ ♪ La, la, la, la, la ♪ Hey. Hi. ♪ It's culture! ♪ ♪ La, la, la, la, la ♪ ♪ La, la, la, la, la ♪ ♪ La, la, la, la, la ♪ ♪ La, la, la, la, la ♪ ♪ La, la, la, la, la ♪ ♪ It's culture ♪ ♪ La, la, la, la, la ♪ ♪ La, la, la, la, la ♪ ♪ La, la, la, la, la ♪ ♪ La, la, la, la, la ♪ ♪ La, la, la, la, la ♪ ♪ Let's get some culture, baby ♪ ♪ Whoo! ♪ Oh, baby. ♪ Amsterdam, spring sunshine ♪ ♪ Amsterdam, spring sunshine ♪ ♪ Ahh, ahh, ahh ♪ ♪ So now let's jet the scene of the crime ♪ ♪ Touch down in once upon a time ♪ ♪ As Plasticland gives way to a new world born today ♪ ♪ Amsterdam, spring sunshine ♪ ♪ And the vibe is alive and the girls look fine ♪ ♪ He sits in a cafè like Baldwin in the day ♪ ♪ Day-Glo walls incense air ♪ ♪ Lounging 'round in velvet chairs ♪ ♪ So glad he took the trip ♪ ♪ Out the slaveholder's grip ♪ He knew his destiny was looming, and an epiphany was blooming. And the lost was gonna get profound. And the real was about to go down. And he saw that his whole journey through the bowels of the middle-class coon show had led him to this single moment of utter crystalline clarity, for the real was to be revealed right here within this very venue. There's hashish on the menu and prostitutes in windows, all vices in full view. Everything was in its proper place, including the smile on his face. ♪ Like another coffee while you make up your mind? ♪ ♪ Thank you, yes, excuse me ♪ ♪ I'm still startled by the sign ♪ ♪ This one's free, man, it's on me ♪ ♪ You don't have to pay ♪ ♪ How's about a sample of the special of the day ♪ ♪ This your first time? ♪ ♪ Does it show? ♪ ♪ I'm like an ice cube gone to melt ♪ ♪ I hope you find yourself at home ♪ ♪ I like the cards that I've been dealt ♪ ♪ And how's your mind? ♪ ♪ Oh, it's blown ♪ ♪ It's a vibe I've never felt ♪ ♪ Welcome to Amsterdam ♪ ♪ Amsterdam ♪ ♪ I'm your flight attendant, Miss Renata Hcholiday ♪ ♪ Welcome to Amsterdam ♪ ♪ Amsterdam ♪ ♪ And I welcome you most happily ♪ ♪ To our little cafè ♪ No way. I'm Renata. I make abstract drawings because representational art is just an ego stroke, you know? I'm Christoph. I'm a philosophy professor and part-time sex worker. You could say, I hook, therefore I... ♪ Amsterdam ♪ ♪ Amsterdam ♪ My name is Joop, and I believe everyone should be naked all the time. Clothes are chains from which we must break free. I'm naked, therefore I... ♪ Amsterdam ♪ ♪ Amsterdam ♪ I'm Marianna, and I'm into tantric meditation, organic psychedelics, and white magic. White magic. Wow. And anything that's beyond my understanding. White magic. Wow. Ja. It might sound strange, but that's just who I... ♪ Amsterdam ♪ ♪ Amsterdam ♪ ♪ The enlightened aren't frightened ♪ ♪ We let untamed spirits roam ♪ ♪ Welcome to Amsterdam ♪ ♪ Amsterdam ♪ ♪ But we're the freedom experts, man ♪ ♪ So don't try this at home ♪ ♪ Only in Amsterdam ♪ ♪ Amsterdam ♪ ♪ While there ain't no witch or a yellow brick road... ♪ ♪ It's an emerald city after two bong loads ♪ ♪ Amsterdam ♪ ♪ Amsterdam ♪ ♪ You can trip all day till your mind just melts ♪ ♪ Makes Berkeley look like the Bible Belt ♪ ♪ Amsterdam ♪ ♪ Amsterdam ♪ ♪ Whoo! ♪ ♪ The pilgrim made some progress ♪ ♪ And was pleased he'd gone forth ♪ ♪ I done broke my chains and escaped to the North ♪ ♪ He was gonna meet his destiny ♪ ♪ Before he met his maker yeah ♪ ♪ King James Baldwin ♪ ♪ Queen Josephine Baker ♪ ♪ They blazed his trail ♪ ♪ When they stepped out of line ♪ ♪ They owned Paris and Amsterdam's gonna be mine ♪ ♪ He was born again ♪ ♪ See, the real was at hand ♪ ♪ Oh, hallelujah ♪ ♪ I'm standin' on the promised land ♪ ♪ It was like they'd been expecting him ♪ - ♪ Whoo! ♪ - ♪ Whoo! ♪ ♪ Like they knew he was on the way ♪ ♪ Those casually enlightened regulars ♪ ♪ Have a seat ♪ ♪ Here at the Headquarters Cafè ♪ ♪ Yeah ♪ So do you play jazz? Do you play da blues? Do you live in a fuckin' windmill? Do you wear clog shoes? You should play here at Headquarters. Is Titia still out of town? Where do you stay tonight? The wire got connected. Oh, I guess I'll find a hotel. The mistake got corrected. A hotel? Don't you know where you are? Then she made him understand. We're your new family, man. ♪ Hey, Mr. L.A. ♪ ♪ I know a place that you can stay ♪ ♪ Right next door to here is a nice flat ♪ ♪ Yeah, it's okay ♪ ♪ The roommate's gone to Spain ♪ ♪ The place is sloppy ♪ ♪ It's insane ♪ ♪ But the sun shines through big windows ♪ ♪ Only Dracula would complain ♪ ♪ No one's ever there ♪ ♪ You'll have your peace ♪ ♪ There's a view and a bottle of gin ♪ ♪ She's back in, oh, two or three weeks ♪ ♪ Her room would be all yours till then ♪ ♪ So here's the keys ♪ Oh, you mean... ♪ My keys ♪ Wow, I mean... ♪ Here is my address, you see ♪ ♪ It's really quite a mess ♪ ♪ But take them, please ♪ ♪ My keys ♪ ♪ I got an extra set back at the place ♪ ♪ So take mine now ♪ ♪ That's just in case you'll need ♪ ♪ My keys ♪ ♪ My keys ♪ ♪ She had a crazy mixed-up flat ♪ ♪ He wasn't thinking about that ♪ ♪ You know the bed was kind of hard ♪ ♪ A prison cot cum yoga mat ♪ ♪ 10,000 paintings everywhere ♪ ♪ She was kind of an acrobat ♪ ♪ Oh, you were lucky to find a chair ♪ ♪ The sweetest dump in which he'd sat ♪ ♪ She had nude photos everywhere ♪ ♪ From freaky deeky to plain arty ♪ ♪ Some of her girlfriends showered there ♪ ♪ As you can see Amsterdam's a party ♪ ♪ I appreciate this more than you could ever know ♪ ♪ I promise I won't break a thing ♪ ♪ Don't promise ♪ ♪ You never know ♪ ♪ My place ain't all that wonderful ♪ ♪ But I hope you find it comfortable ♪ ♪ So please ♪ ♪ Take my keys ♪ ♪ The faucets leak ♪ ♪ The cupboard's bare ♪ ♪ My underwear are everywhere ♪ ♪ But please ♪ ♪ Take my keys ♪ ♪ Take my keys ♪ ♪ And after so long feelin' so alone ♪ ♪ I feel like picking up the phone ♪ ♪ And calling up that place called home ♪ ♪ To say I found a brand-new family ♪ ♪ Where I can be that thing called me ♪ ♪ No more saying uncle to Uncle Sam ♪ ♪ I'm telling L.A. just where I am ♪ ♪ Color me Amsterdam ♪ ♪ Amsterdam ♪ ♪ So after a little conversation ♪ ♪ He's got keys to her flat ♪ ♪ After a little conversation ♪ ♪ He just walks across her welcome mat ♪ ♪ Now who woulda thought trust could be bought ♪ ♪ For a song and a little chat? ♪ ♪ See, he had friends and family ♪ ♪ Nowhere near as cool as that ♪ ♪ She gave him these ♪ ♪ Her keys ♪ ♪ Now, in Beverly Hills they gave him chills ♪ ♪ And South Central put his soul in the deep freeze ♪ ♪ Brrrr ♪ ♪ But she gave him her keys ♪ ♪ You know those L.A. ladies in their Mercedes ♪ ♪ They locked their doors if he'd just sneeze ♪ Now he's like "Bitch, please! She gave me her keys." ♪ He said "The kind of place I want to be ♪" ♪ Is where no one's cold or scared of me" ♪ ♪ And then she handed him these ♪ ♪ Her keys ♪ ♪ Yeah, I guess no one ever made him feel as real ♪ ♪ As when she mended him ♪ ♪ By lending him her keys ♪ ♪ And said, "Welcome to Amsterdam ♪ ♪ "Welcome to Amsterdam ♪ ♪ Welcome to Amsterdam" ♪ ♪ She said "Yeah, it might look like Sodom from top to bottom ♪" ♪ "A shopping mall of vice ♪ ♪ But it's all right with me now" ♪ ♪ It's all right ♪ ♪ She said it's all right ♪ ♪ Yeah, it's all right ♪ ♪ She said "Yeah, it might look like Sodom ♪" ♪ "From top to bottom ♪ ♪ "A shopping mall of vice ♪ ♪ But it's all right with me now" ♪ ♪ Yeah, it's all right ♪ ♪ She said it's all right ♪ ♪ Yeah, it's all right ♪ ♪ She said "Hey, it might look like Sodom ♪" ♪ "From top to bottom ♪ ♪ "A shopping mall of vice ♪ ♪ But it's all right with me now" ♪ ♪ Yeah, it's all right ♪ ♪ 'Cause Gibbs said it's all right ♪ ♪ Yeah, it's all right ♪ ♪ And Heidi said it's all right ♪ ♪ Yeah, it's all right ♪ ♪ And Christian said it's all right ♪ ♪ Yeah, it's all right ♪ ♪ And Spurney said it's all right ♪ ♪ Yeah, it's all right ♪ ♪ The band said it's all right ♪ ♪ Yeah, it's all right ♪ ♪ And the actors say it's all right ♪ ♪ Yeah, it's all right ♪ ♪ The actors say it's all right ♪ ♪ Yeah, it's all right ♪ ♪ And James Baldwin said it's all right ♪ ♪ Yeah, it's all right ♪ ♪ He told me it was all right ♪ ♪ Yeah, it's all right ♪ ♪ And Chester Himes said it's all right ♪ ♪ Yeah, it's all right ♪ ♪ And Richard Wright said it's all right ♪ ♪ Yeah, it's all right ♪ ♪ And Josephine Baker said it's all right ♪ ♪ Yeah, it's all right ♪ ♪ She came and told me it was all nice ♪ ♪ Yeah, it's all right ♪ ♪ Then she told me it was, whoo! ♪ ♪ Yeah, it's all right ♪ ♪ Yeah, it's all right ♪ ♪ Yeah, it's all right ♪ ♪ Yeah, it's all right ♪ ♪ She said it's all right ♪ ♪ Yeah, it's all right ♪ ♪ Josephine Baker said it's all right ♪ ♪ Yeah, it's all right ♪ ♪ And then she said, "Get up, Stew" ♪ ♪ Yeah, it's all right ♪ ♪ She told me "Get up, now!" ♪ ♪ Yeah, it's all right ♪ ♪ She told me "Get up, now!" ♪ ♪ Yeah, it's all right ♪ ♪ She told me "Get up, now!" ♪ ♪ Yeah, it's all right ♪ ♪ She told me "Get up, now!" ♪ ♪ Yeah, it's all right ♪ ♪ She told me "Get up, Stew!" ♪ ♪ Yeah, it's all right ♪ ♪ She told me "Get up, now!" ♪ ♪ Yeah, it's all right ♪ ♪ She told me "Get up, now!" ♪ ♪ Yeah, it's all right ♪ ♪ And then she said ♪ ♪ "Oh, oh, oh!" ♪ ♪ Go wicked on me ♪ ♪ Yeah, it's all right ♪ ♪ Yeah, it's all right ♪ ♪ Yeah, it's all right ♪ ♪ Yeah, it's all right ♪ ♪ It feels all right to me ♪ ♪ Yeah, it's all right ♪ ♪ It feels all right to me ♪ ♪ Yeah, it's all right ♪ ♪ It feels all right to me ♪ ♪ Yeah, it's all right ♪ ♪ It feels all right to me ♪ ♪ Yeah, it's all right ♪ ♪ It feels all right to me ♪ ♪ Yeah, it's all right ♪ ♪ It feels all right to me ♪ ♪ Yeah, it's all right ♪ ♪ It feels all right to me ♪ ♪ Yeah, it's all right ♪ ♪ It feels all right to me ♪ ♪ Yeah, it's all right ♪ ♪ Hey, see it's all right, all right ♪ ♪ It's all right, all right ♪ ♪ It's all right, all right ♪ ♪ Whoo! ♪ Welcome to Amsterdam. ♪ It's all right with me, yeah ♪ ♪ It may look like Sodom and Gomorrah ♪ ♪ But who could ask ♪ ♪ For more-a? ♪ Are we disturbing the moment of creation? "The moment of creation"? My God, Marianna. Songwriting is a job like any other. It's a sacred calling. It doesn't make you special. I ask you, who can fathom the mysteries of music? It's a fathomless mystery, yeah. Yeah. Often I feel as if it's the song that's writing me. Oh. Hey, tell me your secret. Where, I ask you, ♪ Where do songs come from? ♪ ♪ Open up the flood gates ♪ ♪ Knock down all your fences ♪ ♪ The real is just around the corner ♪ ♪ Test-drive your new senses ♪ ♪ Unfetter, un-sweater ♪ ♪ It's wetter ♪ ♪ And it just keeps getting better and better ♪ ♪ And better and better ♪ ♪ We just had sex ♪ ♪ There's nothing sleazy 'bout a natural reflex ♪ ♪ It's nice and easy ♪ ♪ No need to crane your necks ♪ ♪ It's all cool breezy, baby ♪ ♪ What's a little bedroom traffic? ♪ ♪ Evening news is pornographic ♪ ♪ We just had sex ♪ ♪ That's right, all three of us ♪ ♪ It's not complex ♪ ♪ It's no big deal at all ♪ ♪ We'll smoke cigarettes and probably talk about... ♪ ♪ 10 or 15 things... ♪ ♪ Before anyone brings up the fact that... ♪ ♪ We just had sex ♪ ♪ To keep it fresh sometimes we shuffle the decks ♪ ♪ We realize that this might fog up your specs ♪ ♪ But that's just how it goes ♪ ♪ You might find it quite risquè ♪ ♪ But it's the European way ♪ ♪ La, la, la, la, la ♪ ♪ La, la, la, la, la, la ♪ ♪ Contessa ♪ ♪ Don't get too vexed ♪ ♪ It's really no big deal ♪ ♪ That we just had sex ♪ ♪ And now we're gonna roll five big cigarettes ♪ ♪ And have a cup of coffee ♪ ♪ I love how they're so nonchalant ♪ ♪ About the only thing I want ♪ ♪ The pilgrim crossed both land and sea ♪ ♪ To find a cathedral home ♪ ♪ Then two girl Jesus' colored him Lazarus ♪ ♪ And rolled away the stone ♪ "Dear Mr. Franklin, "Today I don't feel as ugly as I did yesterday. "In high school gym showers, "I crouched in shame like Adam in the garden. "But this morning in Amsterdam, I was ten foot tall "on a movie screen staring down at myself in the back row. "And today in Amsterdam, I sat before her "as she explained the history of Dutch colonialism "without her shirt on. "Today in Amsterdam, their tobacco mouths tasted "like sweet blood oranges. "Today in Amsterdam, "I learned how to pronounce their last names, "lost track of how many times I came, ♪ "And stared out of windows and nothing was the same ♪ "Today in Amsterdam, the unspeakable beauty "of overflowing ashtrays, "espresso gone cold and a half-smoked joint "on the table awed me. "Today in Amsterdam, the charcoal drawing "she made of me naked doesn't look as ugly" "as I felt yesterday." "This is the real city of angels. "They remade me in their image. "Did I say already, Mr. Franklin, "that today in Amsterdam, "they taught me how to wear my body? "Today I learned that even if it's ugly, man, "you got to wear it like a gown. Now I can write some real songs." He writes his own songs, you know. ♪ He measured time passing in hits from the bong ♪ ♪ All-day cafè hangs and unfinished songs ♪ ♪ Then her keys weighed more than the axe in his hands ♪ ♪ When he tried to write a song ♪ ♪ He knew she wouldn't understand ♪ It's such a beautiful Sunday morning. ♪ She's living in a phony paradise ♪ No, wait. ♪ So many things she doesn't realize ♪ ♪ She's basking in hell's sunshine ♪ How does this song go? He's just going through a phase. Even artists have to grow up. ♪ He's trying to write a song ♪ ♪ But the song is writing him ♪ ♪ It's a song about paradise wearing thin ♪ After all, a real man doesn't ignore his loved ones. No, sir. ♪ Today paradise was the enemy ♪ ♪ Today the real became routine ♪ ♪ Today my edges dulled together ♪ ♪ Yeah, that's it ♪ ♪ And there's no point left to dream ♪ ♪ I want to scream ♪ ♪ Mama ♪ ♪ Marianna and Moroccan hash have got me stoned ♪ ♪ And I can't find my way home ♪ ♪ Mama ♪ ♪ She's serving every one of my desires on a platter ♪ ♪ But it doesn't even matter anymore ♪ ♪ Oh, oh, oh, paradise is a bore ♪ ♪ It doesn't even matter anymore ♪ ♪ Oh, oh, oh, paradise is a bore ♪ ♪ It doesn't even matter anymore ♪ ♪ Oh, paradise is a bore ♪ You get it? Yeah, I got it. I thought everything was all right. It's hard to write songs when you're already in paradise. Ah, so I see the problem. It's like I can't get too comfortable. Otherwise I'll forget all the shit there is to complain about. How wonderfully neurotic. It's good you're going to Berlin. You'll fit right in. You're making this so easy for me. Why make things hard? ♪ Well, here's your keys ♪ Keys to her city opened his floodgates. He followed her river's weave. The same keys that gave him the power to stay now gave him the courage to leave. She gave him these. You know, there's so much more to Amsterdam than hash bars and squatted houses. One day maybe you'll know the real city. So if Berlin sucks, I can come back to you. No. ♪ No one ever made him feel as real ♪ ♪ As when she mended him by lending him... ♪ ♪ Hey, I got to leave ♪ ♪ Her keys ♪ ♪ Right when it was starting to feel real ♪ ♪ Why you want to leave? ♪ ♪ Right when it was starting to feel real ♪ ♪ Why you want to leave? ♪ ♪ Right when it was starting to feel real ♪ ♪ It doesn't even matter anymore ♪ ♪ Why you want to leave? ♪ ♪ Oh, oh, paradise is a bore ♪ ♪ But it doesn't even matter anymore ♪ ♪ Paradise is a bore ♪ ♪ Right when it was starting to feel real ♪ ♪ Why you want to leave? ♪ ♪ Oh daisy chain of soulful days ♪ ♪ Good-bye, city of Amsterdam ♪ ♪ Sometimes the melody's goin' one way ♪ ♪ And then the song has other plans ♪ We're gonna take a little break right now and come back with all to reveal. ♪ Right when it was starting to feel real ♪ - Oh, Lord! - Yeah, I know. What's going on? We are all completely drenched today. Oh, my God. Are you serious? Hey, I'm walking away from the stage. Fix the sound. It's not our problem. Hello, here's your hat. Oh, thank you very much. Are you gonna change your shirt? Eventually, yeah. Okay. Hmm, hmm, hmm. How do I turn him off? That's pretty. Okay, okay, fix me up. - Lights. - Here we go. Whew. ♪ Berlin: A black hole with taxis ♪ ♪ Berlin: A forest of sharp corners ♪ ♪ Berlin: Swallowed if harmful ♪ ♪ It was two miles from right ♪ ♪ It was always all night ♪ ♪ A concrete pool that kept diving into you blind ♪ ♪ Berlin was always creeping up ♪ ♪ From behind ♪ Ausweis! Huh? Identity, your identity. My identity? Pass! - Okay. - Pass! I don't know what you're saying. Give me your passport! ♪ Mayday, Mayday, there's a riot going down ♪ ♪ In a deep, dark corner of West Berlin town ♪ ♪ Mayday, Mayday, there's a riot going down ♪ ♪ In a deep, dark corner of West Berlin town ♪ ♪ Mayday, Mayday, there's a riot going down ♪ ♪ In a deep, dark corner of West Berlin town ♪ ♪ Mayday, Mayday, there's a riot going down ♪ ♪ In a deep, dark corner of West Berlin town ♪ Narrative is a capitalist plot. Meet Hugo, bitter music critic and part-time bartender. He poured a mean Molotov cocktail. Pop music is the religion of the opiated! Und zat means you, fascist piggies! Make movies, not love! And here's Sudabey, postmodern pornographer and social critic. I greet you. Whoa, Jesus! My porno films feature fully clothed men making business deals. Yeah, that sounds hot. ♪ Molotov cocktails are turning up the heat ♪ ♪ And the overturned cars are burning in the street ♪ ♪ And the people keep on screaming ♪ ♪ And the billy clubs are swinging ♪ ♪ And the people keep on screaming ♪ ♪ And the billy clubs are swinging ♪ ♪ Molotov cocktails are turning up the heat ♪ ♪ And the overturned cars are burning in the street ♪ ♪ And the people keep on screaming ♪ ♪ And the billy clubs are swinging ♪ ♪ And the people keep on screaming ♪ ♪ And the billy clubs are swinging ♪ ♪ What the fuck is going on? ♪ ♪ What the fuck is going wrong? ♪ ♪ Can I get a straight answer? ♪ ♪ Uh, uh! ♪ ♪ Motherfucker! ♪ ♪ What the fuck is going on? ♪ ♪ What the fuck is going wrong? ♪ ♪ Can I get a straight answer? ♪ ♪ Check the chorus of this song ♪ ♪ Mayday, Mayday, there's a riot going down ♪ ♪ Mayday, Mayday, there's a riot going down ♪ ♪ Mayday, Mayday, there's a riot going down ♪ ♪ Mayday, Mayday, there's a riot going down ♪ And then she came to the rescue... ♪ Miss Desi, that is ♪ ♪ Desi, Desi, that is ♪ ♪ She was a left-wing love machine ♪ ♪ Can you dig it? ♪ ♪ She was uptight, out-of-sight ♪ ♪ Workers of the world unite ♪ ♪ Workers of the world unite ♪ ♪ Whoo-whee! ♪ ♪ All night ♪ ♪ Until you get it ♪ Have a discussion with ze hand! A woman can speak for herself. Yeah, that's right. Ich bin Desi. Welcome to our riot. And when Desi started talkin', everybody got quiet. ♪ I am the founder of Nowhaus ♪ ♪ The home where life becomes art ♪ ♪ It's a halfway house, I guess you could say ♪ ♪ For those who have to live life more than halfway ♪ ♪ I don't write or paint or sculpt, you see ♪ ♪ My masterpiece is this family ♪ ♪ I've built this radical sanctuary ♪ ♪ Where only love is revolutionary ♪ Hey, what do you say after this riot we grab ourselves a little drink? Hey, man! ♪ Nowhaus was not looking for your real ♪ ♪ Nowhaus was not looking for the real ♪ ♪ Nowhaus built the real with their ideals ♪ ♪ Nowhaus built the real with their ideals ♪ ♪ Nowhaus was not looking for your real ♪ ♪ Nowhaus was not looking for the real ♪ ♪ Nowhaus built the real with their ideals ♪ ♪ Nowhaus built the real with their ideals ♪ ♪ And then the sirens sang a hymn to him ♪ ♪ To frame this episode ♪ ♪ They sang, "Are you ready?" ♪ Yeah! ♪ - ♪ "Are you ready?" ♪ - ♪ Yeah! ♪ ♪ Are you ready to explode? ♪ ♪ And then the billy clubs stopped swinging ♪ ♪ And the police held their breath ♪ ♪ What's inside is just a lie ♪ ♪ Molotov cocktails cops could handle ♪ ♪ But performance art scared them to death ♪ ♪ What's inside is just a lie ♪ ♪ And then the front line of the uprising ♪ ♪ Became a gilded stage ♪ ♪ What's inside is just a lie ♪ ♪ There's only surface ♪ ♪ Welcome to Mr. Venus' riot cabaret ♪ ♪ What's inside is just a lie ♪ ♪ What's inside is just a lie ♪ ♪ What's inside is just a lie ♪ ♪ What's inside is just a lie ♪ ♪ Ideas are dependable ♪ ♪ There's a new one every week ♪ ♪ Emotions are expendable ♪ ♪ Because they aren't unique ♪ ♪ Ideas are dependable ♪ ♪ There's a new one every week ♪ ♪ Emotions are expendable ♪ ♪ Because they aren't unique ♪ Culture is cosmetic. Culture is cosmetic. Culture is cosmetic. Culture is cosmetic. ♪ What's inside is just a lie ♪ ♪ What's inside is just a lie ♪ ♪ What's inside is just a lie ♪ ♪ What's inside is just a lie ♪ thud! Now, say your songs sounded like this... ♪ Don't try to hide ♪ ♪ The truth is inside ♪ And then you heard this... ♪ What's inside is just a lie! ♪ It would have to make some kind of impression on you, now, wouldn't it? Or in other words, ♪ His song was ugly, cold, and cracked ♪ ♪ But Venus had something our hero lacked ♪ ♪ Courage to bleed ♪ ♪ Venus gave him speed ♪ Okay, I know this is gonna sound a little bit crazy, but according to the Nowhaus manifesto, and I quote, "What's inside of each and every one of us here in this room, "what we mistakenly call our thoughts, "our feelings, and our dreams, "have actually been put there by a system. Therefore"... ♪ What's inside is just a lie ♪ ♪ Our minds have been invaded, conquered, and occupied ♪ ♪ Hence... ♪ ♪ What's inside is just a lie ♪ ♪ And like a catchy refrain ♪ ♪ That gets trapped in your head ♪ ♪ What's inside is just a lie ♪ ♪ Like a catchy refrain ♪ ♪ That gets trapped in your head ♪ ♪ What's inside is just a lie ♪ ♪ Somebody else's desires get lodged in your brain ♪ ♪ What's inside is just a lie ♪ ♪ And so the only way to become your true self... ♪ ♪ I'm starting to feel real ♪ ♪ You've got to create your own self ♪ ♪ I'm starting to feel real ♪ ♪ You turn your life into a work of art ♪ ♪ You turn your life into a work of art ♪ ♪ That stands in opposition to capitalist society ♪ ♪ I'm starting to feel real ♪ ♪ So the real that I've been searching for ♪ ♪ Is in the beauty of these burning streets ♪ ♪ It's the song I couldn't write yesterday ♪ ♪ What's inside is just a lie! ♪ ♪ Till Mayday gave me the courage to bleed ♪ ♪ Only love is real, yeah ♪ ♪ I'll write a song called Revolution ♪ ♪ What's inside ♪ ♪ 'Cause Mayday gave me the courage to bleed ♪ ♪ Only love is real, yeah ♪ - ♪ And now I'm ready ♪ - ♪ Yeah! ♪ - ♪ And now I'm ready ♪ - ♪ Yeah! ♪ - ♪ And now I'm ready... ♪ - ♪ Yeah! ♪ ♪ To explode! ♪ - ♪ And now I'm ready ♪ - ♪ Yeah! ♪ - ♪ And now I'm ready ♪ - ♪ Yeah! ♪ - ♪ And now I'm ready... ♪ - ♪ Yeah! ♪ ♪ To explode! ♪ - ♪ And now I'm ready ♪ - ♪ Yeah! ♪ - ♪ And now I'm ready ♪ - ♪ Yeah! ♪ - ♪ And now I'm ready ♪ - ♪ Yeah! ♪ ♪ To explode! ♪ Then they all walked back to Nowhaus, where the two sat down to tea. Did I mention Desi and Hugo just broke up recently? Well, anyway, life was revolutionary, and love was almost free. And the riot, comrade, was you and... That riot was me. This is where me and the real shall meet, not in some stupid little song but in the middle of the. ♪ Burning street where she lives ♪ When they weren't taking long afternoon walks by the Berlin Wall, mornings and evenings found Desi and the new guest taking tea in the Nowhaus rec room where she would open up the world and invite him inside. The system wants us sick and unsatisfied so we'll mindlessly consume their products and call that living. We're all damaged. But here at Nowhaus, we feel that healing and the smashing of capitalism go hand-in-hand. Healing? Art heals, man. When we are in the presence of art, we are taking the cure. And that's revolutionary. I don't know how we'd manage without it. ♪ She had an everyday solution ♪ ♪ For the emptiness you'd feel ♪ ♪ She called it revolution ♪ ♪ She told him... ♪ Only love is real. And days would pass, and he would never know where Desi ended and Berlin began. He just knew that she was a new kind of music, the music of Mayday, man. You didn't know that 80°/° of the farming in Africa is done by women? Hey, I don't even know who does 80°/° of the farming in America. ♪ In L.A., okay, the sun shines ♪ ♪ Every single day of the year ♪ ♪ But if you loved paradise's confines ♪ ♪ You wouldn't be sitting here ♪ And like the bank and the burned-down supermarkets still smoldering in the distance, his American soul had been razed to the ground by Desi's irresistible mind. But out of the ashes of him arose a new soul, the soul of a young lion. You cannot accuse third-world men of being sexist when sexism itself is a Western concept. Listen to you now! We can't force our values on them! You can't ignore the cultural specifics. Nazism was culturally specific to Germany. Should we have ignored it? Oh, that's... wow, I walked right into that one, didn't I? Yes, you did. Hey, I started off pretty strong though. Ja. Not really. Shit. ♪ She was a riotous proposal ♪ ♪ She was an overthrow, a coup ♪ ♪ She said "The day's at your disposal ♪ ♪ We can seize it, me and you" ♪ ♪ And he would steal her sweet blessings ♪ ♪ And bathe all night in her fire ♪ ♪ But he never said ♪ ♪ "Thank you for quenching my desire ♪ ♪ "Thank you for leading me through the flames ♪ ♪ "Through the noise, through the chaos, ♪ ♪ "Through the dark night of your mind ♪ ♪ And your small hand guiding me through the teargas clouds," ♪ ♪ He never said, he never said ♪ ♪ He never said "Hey, thank you" ♪ ♪ For all the love she allowed ♪ ♪ But he was thankful in his way ♪ ♪ Thankful for the music of Mayday ♪ And when the house grew quiet and the cigarette smoke curled between them in the lamplight, ♪ He'd find her more than beautiful ♪ ♪ Staring out the window onto the street ♪ ♪ Almost whispering... ♪ The system does all kinds of damage. Ich Lieder dich. Du liedst mich? Baby, we need to work on your German. What'd I say? "What'd I say?" ♪ Only love is real, yeah ♪ Ich Lieder dich? Well, it means "I love you," right? Liebe is love. Lieder means song. You said, "I song you." Oh. ♪ He depended on the music of Mayday to heal ♪ ♪ Depended on Desi to touch, see, and feel ♪ ♪ But we'll never know exactly just what was the deal ♪ ♪ Whether he heard her or not when she said... ♪ ♪ Only love is real ♪ ♪ Did you hear her when she said... ♪ ♪ Only love is real ♪ ♪ Did you hear her when she said... ♪ ♪ Only love is real ♪ ♪ Only love is real ♪ ♪ Only love is real ♪ ♪ Only love is real ♪ It's about commitment to your own vision and having the courage to bleed for it, one uncompromising vision: The orchestra conductor, the puppet master. The super revolutionary artist must be prepared to trample all in his path to reach the final aesthetic conquest: The whole fucking world as my own multimedia spectacle. Mere mortals mate. But only gods like us create. You need to create a place to stay tomorrow. Your guest period is now over. Auf Wiedersehen. What do you mean? Hey, I'm an artist too. I belong here. Nowhaus is a family of art revolutionaries. And you really don't seem like a team player. Look, Mr. American Pop Song Maker, if your songs do not critique the hegemony of populist consumption... Or if they mimic the phallocentric narrative of verse, chorus, verse, chorus, climax, fade out, smoke a cigarette, turn over, snore all night and never call me again... Then they are nothing more than tools of the oppressor. Wait a minute. Rock and roll, a tool of the oppressor? - What about the Clash? - Yeah, man! The Clash. Sandinista! Punk rock was a marketing strategy. And what about zat Dutch girl singing about her fucking keys? Good for her. She has a nice flat. Heterosexual love lacks drama! That's bullshit. Welcome to an average day among the Nowhaus tribe. This little discussion lasted for two whole weeks until finally... Look! Let's cut to the chase scene, ja? Please, give us one reason why we should allow you to stay. Uh, well, uh... Because I'm black? All: What's that? Yeah, Mr. May, '68. Do you know what it's like to be the object of oppression living under police occupation in the ghetto? He did not. His police-occupied ghetto looked more like... Your friend Terry stopped by again in that brand-new Datsun 240Z. He's making good money. And he's not even in a gang. Well, let me ask you this, Mr. Know-lt-All, do you know what it's like to hustle for dimes on the mean streets of South Central? Nobody in this play knows what it's like to hustle for dimes on the mean streets of South Central. His mean streets looked more like... I ran into Sherry at the arts and crafts fair. Boy, has she turned into a beautiful young lady. And as you know, she is not a crack 'ho. ♪ Whoa! ♪ ♪ Ever hear of the projects? ♪ ♪ This palatial two-story house feels empty without you ♪ ♪ They call it the projects 'cause we all workin' ♪ ♪ On a project called "Just trying to live" ♪ ♪ Whoa! To see tomorrow ♪ ♪ And I'm working on a project called ♪ ♪ Furniture re-upholstering ♪ ♪ For this wonderfully spacious, almost-paid-for house ♪ ♪ Nobody knows the trouble I've seen ♪ ♪ Nobody! ♪ ♪ I come from hell on Earth ♪ ♪ Illiteracy, guns, drugs, insanity, decay... ♪ ♪ I wish you'd call me sometime ♪ ♪ And death ♪ ♪ Yeah, motherfuckers ♪ And I am no mere pop song maker. I'm an artist. My work is about reinvention. My work is about transcendence. My work is about the limits of blackness. ♪ Whoa! ♪ ♪ Whoo! ♪ Welcome to Nowhaus, comrade. So blackness is the main subject of your work? Uh, yes and no. In other words, "yo." ♪ Cast your eyes to the center ring ♪ ♪ Of a chilly art space in the Nowhaus scene ♪ ♪ Only the transgressors can take this chance ♪ ♪ Only the guest's listed can enter this trance ♪ ♪ In a metal skirt of bananas ♪ ♪ He would do a song and dance ♪ ♪ Strip your mind naked, pilgrim ♪ ♪ It's an opening, so take it, pilgrim ♪ ♪ Like Josephine Baker, don't fake it, pilgrim ♪ Knock 'em dead, my ghetto warrior. ♪ Just dance, dance, dance! ♪ Meine Damen und herrings, in the most anticipated Berlin debut in recent memory, I force on you, Mr. Middle Passage! I am bleeding sunshine. I am emptying my veins. And when I'm done bleeding sunshine, this song will break my chains. Your gaze completes my being, but I'll make you gaze in vain. I illuminate with fiction the truth darkness cannot explain. ♪ America is flowing ♪ ♪ Slowly exiting my veins ♪ ♪ I am giddy, cold and glowing ♪ ♪ And this song will break my chains ♪ ♪ The chains of ♪ ♪ I-i-i-i-i-i-i-dentity ♪ ♪ The chains of ♪ ♪ I-i-i-i-i-i-i-dentity ♪ ♪ The chains of ♪ ♪ I-i-i-i-i-i-i-dentity ♪ Why don't you want to be around your own people? ♪ The key to the real is finally in my hand ♪ ♪ And now your expectations are exiting my veins ♪ ♪ The key to the real is finally in my hand ♪ ♪ And now your expectations are flowing out my veins ♪ ♪ Hit the wall ♪ ♪ Free at last ♪ ♪ Hit the wall ♪ ♪ Free at last ♪ ♪ I am the 20th century incarnate ♪ ♪ Hit the wall ♪ ♪ Free at last ♪ ♪ The 20th century coming home covered in mud ♪ ♪ And missing a shoe ♪ ♪ Child, what's become of you? ♪ ♪ Haven't you got any sense? ♪ ♪ Child, what's become of you? ♪ ♪ Haven't you got any sense? ♪ ♪ Child, what's become of you? ♪ ♪ Haven't you got any sense? ♪ ♪ Nein, Mama, Nein, Mama Nein, Mama ♪ ♪ Nein, Mama, Mama, Mama, Mama Mama, Mama, Mama, Mama ♪ Mutti, bist du da? Hallo? Mutti, kannst du ein bisschen Geld für mir senden? Hallo? Mutti, wir haben ein bad connection. Wir haben ein bad connection. Wir haben ein bad connection. Wir haben ein bad connection. Wir haben ein bad connection. Wir haben ein bad connection! Wir haben ein bad connection! Connection, connection, connection, connection, connection. Why don't you want to be around your own people? ♪ My pain and my ego ♪ ♪ Once stood at opposing ends ♪ ♪ But they met up in Berlin ♪ ♪ Now they're the best of friends ♪ ♪ And now I'm drained of your expectations ♪ ♪ I was instructed from the start ♪ ♪ To let my pain fuck my ego ♪ ♪ And I call the bastard "art" ♪ Pain! Ego! Art! Pain! Ego! Art! - ♪ I let my... ♪ - ♪ Pain! ♪ - ♪ Fuck my... ♪ - ♪ Ego! ♪ - ♪ And I... ♪ - ♪ Call the bastard ♪ ♪ Art ♪ - ♪ I let my... ♪ - ♪ Pain! ♪ - ♪ Fuck my... ♪ - ♪ Ego! ♪ - ♪ And I... ♪ - ♪ Call the bastard ♪ ♪ Art ♪ - ♪ I let my... ♪ - ♪ Pain! ♪ - ♪ Fuck my... ♪ - ♪ Ego! ♪ - ♪ And I... ♪ - ♪ Call the bastard ♪ Only the slums of America could produce such pain. His ghetto angst is far superior to ours. Exquisite. Like an orgasm in reverse. We love you like an anthropologist loves a tribe. Tribes must love the attention. I bet it makes them feel like stars. ♪ Who lends the club that speakeasy air? ♪ ♪ The black one, the black one ♪ ♪ Who dances like a god and has wunderbar hair? ♪ ♪ Der Schwarze ♪ ♪ Now he's the life of every soiree ♪ ♪ He'll give the bum's rush to your ennui ♪ ♪ Turn up these lights 'cause I barely can see ♪ ♪ The black one ♪ ♪ Is he the postmodern lawn jockey sculpture? ♪ ♪ The black one ♪ ♪ The black one ♪ ♪ Or just a soul on a roll exploding your culture? ♪ ♪ That black one ♪ ♪ An artist creates surfaces ♪ ♪ And then comes the fee ♪ ♪ He's doing the same thing ♪ ♪ Except I call the surface me ♪ ♪ He's dancing in a cage ♪ ♪ But I'm the one with the key ♪ ♪ And he's the black one ♪ ♪ He's the real voice of America ♪ ♪ And Berlin listened closely ♪ ♪ Speaking as a Negro from there-ica ♪ ♪ He was automatically... ♪ ♪ Am I real now? ♪ ♪ An expert on its evils... ♪ ♪ Can I feel now? ♪ ♪ An authority on its crimes ♪ ♪ Am I real now? ♪ ♪ And he could wax lyrical ♪ ♪ His knowledge was almost empirical ♪ ♪ Of oppression from the present back to slavery times ♪ ♪ Ya, da, da, da ♪ ♪ Da, da, da, da ♪ ♪ Ga, ga, ga, ga ♪ all: ♪ Who lets us know that we're in the right place? ♪ ♪ The black one, the black one ♪ ♪ Who's got Good Times painted right on his face? ♪ ♪ The black one ♪ ♪ He's living truth ♪ ♪ 'Cause his life is a dare ♪ ♪ In L.A. he had two left feet ♪ ♪ Our Berlin Fred Astaire ♪ ♪ He's so down to Earth ♪ ♪ When he's moonwalking on air ♪ ♪ Just 'cause he's the black one ♪ ♪ I'm the ghetto warrior, yowza! ♪ ♪ Oh, the LAPD never thought he was that cute ♪ ♪ But now a squad of ice queens are in hot pursuit ♪ ♪ I'm Super Fly in the buttermilk ♪ ♪ And we find him sehr gut ♪ ♪ 'Cause I'm the black one ♪ I envy you so much. I want to be re-incarcerated as a black man. ♪ Oh, yeah! ♪ Why do you lie about who you are? What? This ghetto warrior persona, it's not you. Look, black people go through hell every fucking day in America, okay? I know that. And you will never understand the hell that I'm from. Remember the story you told me about your grandma, the one who had to pass in order to get a job? Well, I think you are passing for ghetto. ♪ Listening is waiting ♪ You came here to be real. But you're not. ♪ Listening is waiting ♪ How can I love you if I don't even know you? ♪ Now you are knee-deep in your head's footnotes ♪ Let me see your pain. ♪ I'll take your complex out of context ♪ Let me know the geography of your hell. ♪ I've been listening to you talking in your sleep ♪ ♪ It's a strange poetry ♪ ♪ You're always running from something, it seems ♪ ♪ Let me chase away whatever's hurting you ♪ ♪ Just have to ask it of me ♪ ♪ My love is more real than all your dreams ♪ ♪ 'Cause I been thinking about leaving ♪ ♪ My fingerprints on your being ♪ ♪ I've been thinking about leaving ♪ ♪ My fingerprints on your being ♪ ♪ I've been thinking about leaving ♪ ♪ My fingerprints on your being ♪ ♪ It's like church now ♪ ♪ Leaving, oh, oh, oh ♪ ♪ So come down now ♪ ♪ Remove your mask ♪ ♪ See, all you got to do is ask me ♪ ♪ I'll give you all the love life allows ♪ ♪ So come down now ♪ ♪ Remove your mask ♪ ♪ See, all you got to do is ask me ♪ ♪ I'll give you all the love life allows ♪ ♪ All you got to do is ask me ♪ ♪ All you got to do is ask me ♪ ♪ All you got to do is ask me ♪ ♪ All you got to do is ask me ♪ ♪ All you got to do ♪ ♪ What does this feeling mean to you ♪ ♪ Both to be seen and to be seen through? ♪ ♪ What does this feeling mean to you ♪ ♪ Both to be seen and to be seen through? ♪ ♪ See, love raged like an ocean in a state of withdrawal ♪ ♪ A fishbowl of emotion and the Berlin Wall ♪ ♪ Love raged like an ocean in a state of withdrawal ♪ ♪ Right when it was starting to feel real ♪ ♪ How you gonna deal? ♪ ♪ It was starting to feel real ♪ ♪ Right when it was starting to feel real ♪ ♪ It was starting to feel real ♪ ♪ All you got to do is ask me ♪ ♪ Feel real ♪ ♪ How you gonna deal when it's starting to feel real? ♪ ♪ To feel real ♪ ♪ To feel real ♪ ♪ To feel real ♪ ♪ How you gonna deal when it's starting to feel real ♪ ♪ To feel real ♪ ♪ How you gonna deal when it's starting to feel real? ♪ ♪ To feel real ♪ ♪ Ask me ♪ ♪ To feel real ♪ ♪ How you gonna deal when it's starting to feel real? ♪ ♪ To feel real ♪ ♪ Ask me ♪ ♪ All you got to do... ♪ Did that jacket I sent fit all right? The jacket? Oh, yeah, the jacket. No, it fits fine, Mom. It's great. Snazzy. I know you're picky, but shoot. When it's cold, a coat's a coat. Yeah, that's right. Home. Well, seeing as how you didn't make it out last year, I know you're not gonna let me down this Christmas. Let you down? It'd be nice having you around, son, to talk. But we're talking now, Mom. Don't you miss the sunshine? What do you want to talk about? Oh, you know, lots of things. Like? Well, I mean, first of all, you've been on this trip of yours for so long. Trip? - And you're so hard to reach. - Mom, this is not a trip. And there are so many things we have to talk about. I live here now. Important things. We have important things to talk about. Mom, I live here now. Did you hear me? Now, one thing you need to realize right here and now, son, is that I am... I mean, your family is important. You can't just sit over there and act like I... like we don't exist! Family is not some... some service you can take advantage of for 20 years and then cancel when it's convenient for you. It don't work like that. I couldn't come back even if I wanted to. Why not? Why leave a place where I can be myself to come back to a place where I can't? Why do you need a particular place to be yourself? Can't you be yourself at home? No, Mom! I'm already 22. Life's passing me by. Los Angeles is just death row with palm trees. I'm scared of waking up one day and being... Me? Well, and not having lived the life I wanted to live. Your deep concern for yourself is very moving. It's touching, really. Mom, you need to start focusing on other things besides me, like your own life. We need to talk, son. God, if I could focus on my art like you focus on me, I'd be Picasso by now. Besides, what's waiting for me in L.A., Mom? Okay, look, Mom, there's this show I got to do in Kassel in like, I don't know, two months or so. And it's big, okay; It's really big. But then maybe sometime after that, I can start thinking about when I can visit. Is that okay? Is that all right? I love you. But is that all right? Mom, I said I'll try to visit you as soon as I can. Is that all right? You see, brothers and sisters, our hero, the fiery pilgrim, never saw the point of love without understanding. How 'bout now? ♪ It's Christmastime in old Berlin ♪ ♪ And the snow is all about ♪ ♪ What could this mean to the Nowhaus scene? ♪ ♪ The hero's about to find out ♪ One last piece of house business. I'm pleased to announce that my seven-hour composition. Shower Hum Song is finished. Put the needle on the record. Not so fast. I've decided to unveil it on Christmas Day. Christmas Day? Are you completely crazy? I know, I know, how embarrassingly. Judeo-Christian of me. But it's not about a stupid holiday. It's about how I feel. Just being here is like Christmas to me. And the song is just something for us to listen to while we party. No one is here for Christmas. We all go home for ze holidays. Home? To our families in their sleepy West German villages. I am missing my stupid old friends. I cannot wait to lay around with my teddy bears. I love the look on my father's face when he serves the blood sausages. He remembers how I loved them as a child but forgets I'm a vegetarian. You know, absence really does make ze heart grow into a state of mind which somehow transforms what you once could not stand about your family into a somehow quaint, pleasure-giving construct. Ain't zat ze truth? So what, you're just leaving me here all alone? You said you'd never be caught dead in my backwards little village. With her backwards little parents. It would be a nightmare for you. It would be a nightmare for your parents. Well, why isn't your backwards little village a nightmare for you? - Why do you think I left? - I know why you left. I'm just trying to figure out why you're going back. One week out of the year I see my family. I'm sorry, but I don't want to take you. What, you think I give a fuck about your little redneck village? I just don't know why you'd choose it over spending Christmas with me. Scheisse, man, it's my family. It's Christmas. Well, hey, I guess it's just me and you, home skillet. We'll hold the fort down. I mean, this is Berlin, God damn it. Somebody's keeping it real for Christmas, ain't they? I'm going home. Come, Hugo. Come view my new blue leather miniskirt. Why should I want to see your... Come see the goddamn miniskirt! True love can only exist after the revolution. So much for me understanding the geography of your hell. When I visit my parents, I barely speak. There's an ocean between us. They don't know who I am or what I am doing. And they will never, ever understand me. So why be with people that don't understand you? Because they love me. But that seven-hour piece was written for you. I don't want to be a song. I want to be loved. And you don't know the difference. If you would like to learn the difference, I'll stay. It's not love if somebody has to change. Okay. I don't want to be a song. As snow began to fall, all Christmas Eve long he worked through the night on one of them "Why'd she leave me?" songs. ♪ Why leave me alone? ♪ ♪ Her eyes were red, but her heart's stone-cold ♪ ♪ Why'd she go from me? ♪ He was soothed by the hush of snow-caked streets at dawn. His voice echoed in the ghost house all Christmas morning long. ♪ I couldn't be her dream ♪ ♪ She focused on things that weren't there in me ♪ ♪ Then she split the scene ♪ And for once he wanted to be taken from his singing by his mother's Merry Christmas telephone ringing. But her call never came, and his song never ended. ♪ She wanted me to change ♪ ♪ That's not love in my view ♪ ♪ Let's inspect the remains ♪ ♪ As she's alone now too ♪ ♪ What's the point of looking ♪ ♪ For what's not there in you? ♪ ♪ You lose track of... ♪ ♪ You lose... ♪ How does this song go? ♪ Ah, da, da, da, da, da ♪ ♪ Da, da, da da, da, da, da ♪ ♪ Every day I build a mask up to the task ♪ ♪ Another song, you see ♪ ♪ I live behind the rhyme and verse ♪ ♪ I lift my voice till I lift the curse ♪ ♪ It's all rehearsed, you see ♪ ♪ This music always rescues me ♪ ♪ There's a melody for every malady ♪ ♪ Prescription: Song you see ♪ ♪ And should the mask begin to fall ♪ ♪ My chorus comes in like a 12-foot wall ♪ ♪ So you can't see me ♪ ♪ And I'm blessed to entertain ♪ ♪ The crowd laughs and swoons ♪ ♪ It's loud guitars and champagne ♪ ♪ And I sleep well past noon ♪ ♪ But I've got a lot to explain ♪ ♪ To myself, not to you ♪ ♪ Like who lost track of her pain ♪ ♪ While working their wound? ♪ ♪ Ah, da, da, da, da, da ♪ ♪ Da, da, da da, da, da, da ♪ ♪ So I finally found a home ♪ ♪ Between the clicks of a metronome ♪ ♪ In a song, you see ♪ ♪ Then I went out on a limb ♪ ♪ But the tree disappeared and the sky grew dim ♪ ♪ And the song changed key ♪ ♪ But then you told me my pain entertained ♪ ♪ I heard the applause, thanking God you're sane ♪ ♪ But what about me? ♪ ♪ See I'm cursed to entertain ♪ ♪ The crowd laughs too soon ♪ ♪ And all I have is my pain ♪ ♪ Sharp and way out of tune ♪ ♪ But you know, I feel a bit ashamed ♪ ♪ Since I'm still here marooned ♪ ♪ And you lose track of her pain ♪ ♪ When you're working your wound ♪ ♪ And you lose track of her pain ♪ ♪ When you're working your wound ♪ ♪ And you lose track of her pain ♪ ♪ When you're working your wound ♪ ♪ And you lose track of her love ♪ ♪ And you lose track of her pain ♪ ♪ Just hop back on my train ♪ ♪ And keep working ♪ ♪ And keep working, like he's working ♪ ♪ And keep working like he's working ♪ ♪ And keep working like he's working ♪ ♪ And that's how the fucking song goes ♪ Hey, Spurney, that's how the song goes. Am I right? Gibbs, Gibbs, that's how the song goes, right? ♪ But the problem is it never stops ♪ You know, it's weird when you wake up that morning and realize that your entire adult life was based on a decision made by a teenager... A stoned teenager. I know there must be some investment bankers out there that know the feeling. You know, some time ago we had a dress rehearsal. It was free. Sorry, we forgot to tell you about it. We invited some friends and family and stuff. And I invited a friend of mine whose offices are downtown on Lafayette and Astor. He sells pretzels. Sat him down in your seat, and he watched the play. Then afterwards, we ran back downtown to this bar. After about 5 or 16 beers, he looked at me, and he said, "The real." And I said, "Yeah." And he said, "The real, you know, "the thing that the kid in your play keeps looking for? "I got news for you, Stew. "The real is not real. "The real is a construct. "The real is a creation. "The real is artificial. "The kid in your play is looking for something in life that can only be found in art." And I was like "Damn, pretzel man. You're a heavy motherfucker." Some people feel like art is more real than life. And that really gives you something to think about, especially if you're at a funeral. It's so great to see so many friends and family gathered here to see my mother home. In the plane from Berlin to L.A., I prayed for her to wait long enough for me to see her again, long enough for me to hear her again... Long enough for me to tell her I'm sorry and mean it. Last night I woke up in darkness. And I didn't know where I was. And so I just sat there asking her questions all night long... like, "How can I go on when the love that kept me aloft is gone?" So now she's free. She made it home, I know. But now that she left me, where am I to go? I got to fill this void inside me. Where am I to go? ♪ I got to fill the void with music ♪ ♪ I'll fill the void with song ♪ ♪ Until my cup runneth over ♪ ♪ All night long ♪ ♪ I'll live in vans crammed with guitars ♪ ♪ I'll sleep on floors and play in bars ♪ ♪ I'll dance to my own metronome ♪ ♪ Till chaos feels like home ♪ ♪ I'll grow colder ♪ ♪ I'll grow bolder ♪ ♪ I'll grow older and keep fillin' my cup ♪ ♪ I'll grow colder ♪ ♪ I'll grow bolder ♪ ♪ I'll grow older ♪ ♪ But I'll never grow up ♪ ♪ And this is not a passing phase ♪ ♪ It was just a passing phase ♪ ♪ No, this is not a passing phase ♪ ♪ It was just a passing phase ♪ ♪ You see, I'll stay young for so long ♪ ♪ It was just a passing phase ♪ ♪ Till chaos feels like home ♪ ♪ It was just a passing phase ♪ ♪ Up and down from town to town ♪ ♪ Tour van wheels go round and round ♪ ♪ Up and down from town to town ♪ ♪ Tour van wheels go round and round ♪ ♪ Every night play rock and roll ♪ ♪ Get fucked up after the show ♪ ♪ In the morning lock and load ♪ ♪ And then leave ♪ ♪ Right when it was starting to feel real ♪ ♪ Wish we could talk about how the means ♪ ♪ Will not prepare you for the ends ♪ ♪ How your epiphanies will become fair-weather friends ♪ ♪ How death will make you lower your defenses ♪ ♪ The only truth of youth is the grown-up consequences ♪ ♪ You see, song is a balm ♪ ♪ But song cannot heal ♪ ♪ You believed in it too long ♪ ♪ Now I need something more ♪ ♪ I need something more than real ♪ ♪ Someday the chords of age ♪ ♪ Will drown out the life you've been dreaming of ♪ ♪ Then you'll be out on your ass and cursing, alas ♪ ♪ 'Cause your song is just passing for love ♪ ♪ Like my song was just passing for love ♪ ♪ And you will never see her again ♪ ♪ And I will never see her again ♪ ♪ And we will never see her again ♪ Is that it? That's it? Hey, you're right. You cannot bring her back. But why lose faith in the only thing that can? I will see her again, because life is a mistake that only art can correct. I will see her again every night. Cue music. Lights up on Mother in an outrageous gown showing everyone. What do you want me to say? Tell him it's all right. ♪ Is it all right? ♪ ♪ Don't be sad about your chosen path ♪ ♪ And where it's taken you thus far ♪ ♪ 'Cause this is what you did ♪ ♪ And that is who you are ♪ ♪ And it's all right ♪ ♪ Is it all right? ♪ ♪ Yes, it's all right ♪ ♪ Is it all right? ♪ ♪ Yes, it's all right ♪ ♪ Is it all right? ♪ ♪ I remember when I owned everything ♪ ♪ The Sun and the Moon and the rain ♪ ♪ And my domain stretched and yawned ♪ ♪ Along the astral plane ♪ ♪ The universe is a toy in the mind of a boy ♪ ♪ And life is a movie too ♪ ♪ Starring you ♪ ♪ Your whole family's the cast and crew ♪ ♪ That's a little secret between God and you ♪ ♪ But ain't it strange how it all makes perfect sense ♪ ♪ Once your life becomes evidence ♪ ♪ Of the need to feel ♪ ♪ Love is more than real ♪ ♪ Because your mother's love might seem insane ♪ ♪ That's 'cause she really knows everything ♪ ♪ Too bad it takes so long ♪ ♪ To see what you've been missing ♪ ♪ Love like that ♪ ♪ Too bad it takes so long... ♪ ♪ Can't be measured anyway ♪ ♪ To see what you've been missing ♪ ♪ Too bad it takes so long ♪ ♪ To see what you've been missing ♪ ♪ Too bad it takes so long to see ♪ ♪ Too bad it takes so long ♪ ♪ 'Cause the real is a construct ♪ ♪ It's the raw nerve's private zone ♪ ♪ It's a personal sunset ♪ ♪ You drive off into alone ♪ Christian Gibbs on guitar and keyboards. Jon Spurney on keyboards and guitar. ♪ Christian Cassan on the drums in back of me ♪ And my collaborator, Heidi Rodewald on the bass and the voice. And now for the rest of the band, Mr. Chad Goodrich... De'Adre Aziza... Colman Domingo... Rebecca Jones... Eisa Davis... And Daniel Breaker. We'd like to thank everybody who makes the show look and sound so good. We're gonna get out of here now. All I have to say is, whatever you do, rock on. Last Saturday rock show at the Belasco. Last night at the Belasco! Last night at the Belasco! ♪ Uh, uh, uh ♪ ♪ Now whip it on in ♪ all: ♪ Yeah, it's all right ♪ ♪ Yeah, it's all right ♪ ♪ Yeah, it's all right ♪ ♪ Yeah, it's all right ♪ ♪ It feels all right to me ♪ ♪ Yeah, it's all right ♪ ♪ It feels all right to me ♪ ♪ Yeah, it's all right ♪ ♪ It feels all right to me ♪ ♪ Yeah, it's all right ♪ ♪ It feels all right to me ♪ ♪ Yeah, it's all right ♪ ♪ Yeah, it's all right ♪ ♪ It feels all right to me ♪ ♪ Yeah, it's all right ♪ ♪ It feels all right to me ♪ ♪ Yeah, it's all right ♪ ♪ Bad Brains said it was all right ♪ ♪ Yeah, it's all right ♪ ♪ Living Colour said it was all right ♪ ♪ Yeah, it's all right ♪ ♪ Jimi Hendrix said it was all right ♪ ♪ Yeah, it's all right ♪ ♪ Lee Perry said it's all right ♪ ♪ Yeah, it's all right ♪ ♪ P-Funk said it's all right ♪ ♪ Yeah, it's all right ♪ ♪ Sun Ra said it's all right ♪ ♪ Yeah, it's all right ♪ ♪ Coltrane said it's all right ♪ ♪ Yeah, it's all right ♪ ♪ Coltrane said it's all right ♪ ♪ Yeah, it's all right ♪ ♪ Coltrane said it's all right ♪ ♪ Yeah, it's all right ♪ ♪ Told me that it's all right ♪ ♪ Yeah, it's all right ♪ ♪ Arthur Lee said it's all right ♪ ♪ Yeah, it's all right ♪ ♪ Arthur Lee said it's all right ♪ ♪ Yeah, it's all right ♪ ♪ He come to tell me it was all right ♪ ♪ Yeah, it's all right ♪ ♪ He told me it was all right ♪ ♪ Yeah, it's all right ♪ ♪ He told me it was all right ♪ ♪ Yeah, it's all right ♪ ♪ They told me I was all right ♪ ♪ Yeah, it's all right ♪ ♪ They told me I was all right ♪ ♪ Yeah, it's all right ♪ ♪ They told me I was all right ♪ ♪ Yeah, it's all right ♪ ♪ Yeah, it's all right ♪ ♪ It's all right now ♪ ♪ Yeah, it's all right ♪ ♪ It's all right now ♪ ♪ Yeah, it's all right ♪ ♪ It's all right now ♪ ♪ Yeah, it's all right ♪ ♪ It's all right now ♪ ♪ Yeah, it's all right ♪ ♪ It's all right now ♪ ♪ Yeah, it's all right ♪ ♪ It's all right now! ♪ ♪ Yeah, it's all right ♪ ♪ It's all right ♪ ♪ It's all right ♪ ♪ It's all right ♪ ♪ It's all right ♪ ♪ It's all right ♪ ♪ It's all right ♪ ♪ It's all right now ♪ ♪ Yeah, it's all right ♪ ♪ It's all right ♪ ♪ Yeah, it's all right ♪ ♪ It's all right now ♪ ♪ Yeah, it's all right ♪ ♪ It's all right now! ♪ ♪ Yeah, it's all right ♪ ♪ It's all right now ♪ ♪ Yeah, it's all right ♪ ♪ It's all right now ♪ ♪ Yeah, it's all right ♪ ♪ It's all right! ♪ ♪ Yeah, it's all right ♪ ♪ It's all right! ♪ ♪ Yeah, it's all right ♪ ♪ Yeah, it's all right ♪ ♪ Yeah, it's all right ♪ ♪ Yeah, it's all right ♪ ♪ Yeah, it's all right ♪ ♪ It's all right! ♪ ♪ It's all right! ♪ ♪ It's all right! ♪ ♪ It's all right! ♪ ♪ Yeah, it's all right ♪ ♪ It's all right now ♪ ♪ Yeah, it's all right ♪ ♪ It's all right now ♪ ♪ Yeah, it's all right ♪ ♪ I say it's all right, all right ♪ ♪ It's all right, all right ♪ ♪ It's all right, all right ♪ Whoo! ♪ For if love knew what was good for it ♪ ♪ It would play it passing for song ♪ ♪ Fill an empty house with harmony ♪ ♪ And play on after things go wrong ♪ ♪ Days and opinions and all of fate's minions ♪ ♪ Tend to fade like the bang of a gong ♪ ♪ There's a ballad to break any fall, you see ♪ ♪ And a rhythm to still any row ♪ ♪ There's a melody for every malady ♪ ♪ You're listening to one right now ♪ ♪ Art is made up but artificial it ain't ♪ ♪ Art is love in clay and words and paint ♪ ♪ Play on ♪ ♪ Play on ♪ ♪ Play on ♪ ♪ Play on ♪ ♪ Be the food of life ♪ ♪ And play on and play on and play on ♪ ♪ So what's life without a few lost bets? ♪ ♪ It's no fun if you're all contrite ♪ ♪ What's life without a few regrets? ♪ ♪ If you didn't fuck up, you weren't doing it right ♪ ♪ Art is made up but artificial it ain't ♪ ♪ Art is love in clay and words and paint ♪ ♪ Play on ♪ ♪ Play on ♪ ♪ Play on ♪ ♪ Play on ♪ ♪ Be the food of life ♪ ♪ And play on and play on and play on ♪ ♪ Be the food of life ♪ ♪ And play on and play on and play on ♪ ♪ Be the food of life ♪ ♪ And play on and play on and play on ♪ ♪ Play on ♪ ♪ Play on ♪ ♪ Play on ♪ ♪ Play on ♪ ♪ Play on ♪ ♪ Play on ♪ ♪ Play on ♪ ♪ Play on ♪ ♪ Play on ♪ ♪ Play on ♪ ♪ Play on ♪ ♪ Play on ♪ ♪ Play on ♪ ♪ Play on ♪ ♪ Play on ♪ ♪ Play on ♪ ♪ Play on ♪ ♪ Play on ♪ ♪ Play on ♪ ♪ Play on ♪ ♪ Play on ♪ ♪ Play on ♪ ♪ Play on ♪ ♪ Play on ♪ ♪ Play on ♪ ♪ Play on ♪ ♪ Play on ♪ ♪ Play on ♪ ♪ Play on ♪ ♪ Play on ♪ ♪ Why you want to leave? ♪ ♪ Right when it was starting to feel real ♪ ♪ Why you want to leave? ♪ Clank! Slam! 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 