Dance Academy: Season 1, Episode 3 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Dance Academy 
 s1e3 - Behind Barres - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Dance Academy (2010–2013): Season 1, Episode 3 - Behind Barres - full transcript 
 Newbie Christian is arrested for petty street gang-crime. Since his only adult relative (big brother Drew, a Broken Hill miner) won't take him in, academy director Kennedy arranges to save Christian from juvenile detention by assigning him to the dorm and appealing to coolest senior Ethan to be his mentor, but neither knave wants that and Ethan catches Christian stealing his wallet. Sam makes Tara list pros and cons for whether or not to make a pass at Ethan, who just dumped another girlfriend, which Abigail finds and sends copies to everyone. Sam also works out that karaoke may be a cool way to chase off horrible roommates. Tara makes a spectacle of herself again when Christain arrives in her class and fears she may never get past the bar exercises stage. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Previously on Dance Academy... Don't let me stop you. I'm Ethan. Yeah, I know. We met. Until I say otherwise, you're to go back to basics and work at the barre. Subtitles by MemoryOnSmells Exclusive for http://UKsubtitles.ru Back home, I'd dance and instantly feel free. If I'd had a bad day at school or a fight with a friend... dancing was the place I'd escape to. But here, it's like everywhere I turn it's a dead end. Get up. Come on, get up. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Get up. Get up. Come on. I'm still dancing, but it's behind bars. I might as well be in a cage. Hey. They should just put you out of your misery. It's gonna be months before this matter goes before the courts, so until then you can be released to your parents. Look, Christian, I'm on your side, mate. I need you to work with me. Can I have your mother's number? She's dead. And your father? Not applicable. If there's nobody who'll take responsibility for you, you could be in detention for months before you can be placed in a refuge. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 I've got a brother. An adult? A responsible... Yes, an adult. He's got a wife, a kid. Little picket fence. Does he work? Yeah, in the mines. Broken Hill. Give him a call. Will he vouch for you? Of course he would. He's my brother. There's no answer. Then you'll have to stay in juvenile detention. Unless there's somebody else you can call? Most new students would be excited to be at the National Academy. It's probably not one of their bail conditions. It's a new situation for both of us. It's like roomy's coughing up hair balls and stashing them in the bottom drawer. It smells so completely vile I could actually just puke. Tara! Sorry. Puke? New room-mate. She's hoarding something morbid. I am living in a fog of revoltingness here. See, Kat, now you miss me. I wish we were sharing. You and me? Oh, Tara, I'm touched. Why don't you just get Abigail to sign a room-exchange form? I mean, surely she doesn't want to room with you either. Bet you ten bucks she says no. Come on, Abigail. At least consider swapping rooms. OK. No. Cough it up. Thank you. Firm fifths. You're seriously pretending I don't exist. I know you saw me this morning. What? Wait, we didn't hook up once or something? Because you're not really my type. No. Audition week, remember? You humiliated me because I went to the wrong change rooms. Oh, you're the little girl in the training bra. High-pitched voice, habit of spying on guys in the bathroom... That's you, right? Firstly, look around. We're in the same class which means we're the same age. Just because someone is on the smaller side, it's not OK to make judgements about their underwear. Secondly, I've explained numerous times that I wasn't spying. If I'd been spying, it wouldn't have been on you. And thirdly, my voice isn't high-pitched! Yeah, it's all coming back to me. In my class, I expect total concentration. But it wasn't... I thought we understood each other. Yes, Miss Raine, we do. I've been working really hard. Well, I can't see any improvement. You know, it's possible I'm going to be off pointe and chained to the barre forever. 50,000 years from now, aliens will find my body and even THEY will know I am the loser of the Academy. Oh, but they'll also be impressed with your lack of bunions. - I'm sorry. - You can't be serious. You're not actually breaking up with me?! - It's not you. It's me, OK? - It doesn't feel right. Yeah? Well, how does this feel?! What is with your brother? Why does he do this? You knew the ground rules. Don't dump your toxic waste on me. You'd tell me if he liked someone else, though, wouldn't you? Please, Kat. I need to know. You need to speak to him for me. Three words, Isabelle - "Told you so." You Karamakovs are a chip off the same iceberg. I need to go eat my feelings. What was that? What? You like him. No, I don't. Tara, you can't go there. Why not? Did you not see Kat regurgitate Isabelle just then? It'd be different if it was me. You're deluded. We'd be like sisters. Uh-huh. Come on. When Mia went on exchange... Oh, this is Mia, your imaginary girlfriend? When Mia went on exchange, we wrote up a pros-and-cons list and it helped clarify our feelings. So Ethan Karamakov... Alright, so we're going to start with cons. Kat. I really don't think she'd mind. Because she didn't mind with Isabelle. Alright, what else? Well, I guess it's distracting. I should be concentrating on dancing. I'm gonna put that first where it belongs. What else? The first time I spoke to him, I was so nervous I swear a little bit of vomit came up in my mouth. Gross. He also changes the way my heart beats. OK, well, that could be common arrhythmia. When he's walking... Yep. He never looks back, like he knows exactly where he's going and that everybody else is following. Wow. What? Oh, I just thought I'd come by and see if we could brush each other's hair. Tara's not here. Why are you doing this? Look, Tara doesn't want to room with you, so just sign the form. Has it ever occurred to you that the reason I won't change rooms is because you want me to? And... he smells like Christmas. OK, I swear a little bit of vomit just came up in MY mouth. It's going down as a con. It's a pro! You guys, I've been looking for you everywhere. That is not the face of someone that could hate me. The natives are getting restless. What's up? Abigail. The details aren't important, but this means war. Oh, hey, I hope you don't mind. I've been feeling a little homesick, so since I'm staying I decided to redecorate. Ow! I'm impressed. Maybe we need to crank the sabotage up a notch, find a weakness and target it, really hit her where it hurts. Tara, you probably shouldn't use that. Seeing as you felt comfortable enough to use my toiletries, I didn't think you'd mind if I used that brush to clean my toenails. They came up really well. She's good. OK, that's it, everyone. I'll see you tomorrow. Christian, nice jumps. Stick around. I'll run you through the beats. Come on, T. You'll be alright. OK, so no bombing, no posing, no sashaying, and avoid the high-tide mark. It's where we bury the bodies of those who give away the secret location. See, she's bringing us to her getaway place. I bet she never brought Isabelle here. You're going down in flames. So, Kat, this morning with Isabelle... Did you not like her? No. No way. She's great. We used to be like that. But Ethan was the dealbreaker. Practically every friend I've ever had has fallen for him. It's pathetic, right? You know what really annoys me? I warn them about him. I tell them he's going to be a regular Prince Charming until he gets bored and then he dumps them. So what do they do? They do it anyway, and I'm expected to open my arms and let them snot all over me? No, thanks. No. No! Coming in? Kat? Yeah? Karaoke. Karaoke. I hate karaoke. Exactly my point. Everyone hates karaoke, therefore Abigail hates karaoke. Oh. You, my friend, are a genius. Karaoke in your dorm room. The perfect torture. Man, I'm so glad she's on my side. Whoo! Ethan, I want to introduce Christian. He's just joined us. Hey. I'd like him to look to you as a mentor of sorts. Ethan's in third year. I'm sure he'll be happy to answer any questions. So, what do you want to know? Nothing. Look, let's just forget the whole 'mentor' thing. Just call it mates. Yeah? I've already got mates. Ethan, can I speak to you, please? What's up? None of this makes any sense. I need to know what I did to you that was so wrong. Isabelle, I'm just a guy who needs a lot of space, and this just doesn't feel right. Well, WHAT doesn't feel right? Which part, exactly? Can you give me a sec? This is going to take longer than I thought. Sorry. ♪ There's a thing that I ain't never gonna say... ♪ I love that, Kat. ♪ No way-ay-ay ♪ Ooooh ♪ We'll see the light of day ♪ Oooh ♪ 'Cause when I think ♪ Ooh, ooh ♪ Of all the things I want to do ♪ I don't know, oh, oh ♪ If you think they would be cool ♪ They'd be cool, ahhhh ♪ And when I think of all the things I want to say ♪ Here's the beat ♪ Whoa-oh-oh... ♪ Sing with me, Abigail. No, thanks. ♪ I just don't know ♪ What to do ♪ Hey ♪ Hey, hey, hey, hey. ♪ Oh, sorry. I'm just looking for my wallet. Hey, are you OK? Yeah. Um, no. Well, sort of, yeah. Yeah. I mean, I'd be better if Miss Raine would get off my back. But, you know, apart from that... I'm just... I'm terrified that I'm never going to be good enough no matter how hard I'm trying, and my room-mate is giving me absolute hell, and I just... Sorry, I'm fine. It's OK. Everybody goes through this. Here. I've got a spare moment. I'll take you through your développés. Really? I mean, as long as you don't mind. She's on the move. Taking your time. You of all people can't afford to be late. I'd better get a move on, then. Hey, what do you think you're doing? Abigail, is that you in there? Yes. Open the door. It's not like you to be late for Miss Raine's class. I'm not kidding, Kat. - Open the door. - Oh, don't worry. I'm willing to unlock this door and help you maintain your sickeningly perfect attendance record. All you have to do is sign on the dotted line. Not in this lifetime. Open the door! I had a long talk with your lawyer. She believes that your only chance is to show the court that you've turned your life around. Yeah, I know. Something about an apprenticeship or something. What she told me was... "Proven commitment to training for an elite career in dance "would be compelling evidence "that Christian would benefit from a non-custodial sentence." This could be your ticket to freedom. Yeah, well, this is my ticket to Broken Hill. So you got through to your brother, then? Look, I've run out of credit, alright? He'll get my missed calls and he'll call me back. Here. Go ahead. No, he probably won't answer a number he doesn't know. It's worth a shot, though, right? Drew? Hey, it's me. Yeah. No. No, Christian. Yeah. Look, I'm coming to stay for a while. Yep. No, I won't cause any trouble. Yeah, well, I'm great with kids. Well, I'll learn. Yeah, but... lt wouldn't be forever. Yeah. No, it's all good. Alright. 'Bye. Hey! What do you want? My wallet. What are you talking about? I wouldn't do that again if I were you. Whoa. Hey, settle down. Settle down. You want my advice, Christian? You're never going to fit in. It's clear you don't want to be here. So why don't you just crawl back to whatever rat hole you came out of, and everyone's happy? There's some cash missing. I can give it back... l don't want your money. But you owe me. Let me out. SOS. Ethan? Nope, Kat, I can't do it. I can't stoop to her level. Relax. I'll stoop for the both of us. Nope. Gotta let her out. On a meanness scale of one to Abigail, you're not even a seven. Hope you know you're no fun! I'm really sorry, Abigail. No, don't be. "Ethan Karamakov, by Tara Webster." "Ethan Karamakov, by Tara Webster." What? "Ethan Karamakov, by Tara Webster." Ethan Karamakov, by Tara Webster. Pros. When he's around, the whole world goes blurry. "When he's around, the whole world..." "When he's around, the whole world goes blurry. "But he's always in sharp focus." But he's always in sharp focus 'cause he kind of just knows who he is... "He kind of just knows who he is." the way the rest of us are just pretending. "The way he eats, the way he talks about things." The way he eats, the way he talks about things, real things, and he smells like Christmas. He smells like Christmas?! Negatives. I need to concentrate on dancing. And Kat. "Kat." "Kat." So I'm a negative, huh? It's good to know, Tara. I... I can explain. Tara, don't. Just don't. What... Abigail. She emailed the pros-and-cons list to the whole school. Subtitles by MemoryOnSmells Exclusive for http://UKsubtitles.ru 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 