Dance Academy: Season 1, Episode 14 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Dance Academy 
 s1e14 - Turning Pointes - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Dance Academy (2010–2013): Season 1, Episode 14 - Turning Pointes - full transcript 
 Before the new semester starts, a nightclub, a park and a senior citizen cha-cha class will see students having some non-artistic dance fun, while someone close starts falling for Tara. Earlier in the day, Anorexic Abigail poses as the perfect patient, but therapist Adam sees through this control-freak's act and insists she seek satisfaction before he lets her participate in ballet classes again. Tara moves in with Kat, which may prove detrimental to their friendship. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Previously on Dance Academy... What happens to me on the holidays? In line with your bail conditions, you'll be staying here. Seriously, when was the last time you ate something? Abigail! Abigail? Would it be the end of the world if you deferred until next year, just until we can work things out? It's clean. - Look, you got it. - The first-year scholarship. Every week you'll be doing private classes with me, 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 working harder than you ever thought possible. You're telling me I can stay? Yes! Subtitles by MemoryOnSmells Exclusive for http://UKsubtitles.ru There was this girl I knew from Patchewalling, sort of wide-eyed, awkward, never been kissed, with an extreme talent for embarrassing herself. I, on the other hand, have a boyfriend who is, like... Hey, you. Golden, amazing friends, and starting this week I can dance en pointe. This semester really is going to be spectacular. Hey. You're back early. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Yeah, I have to start privates with Miss Raine. It's one of the requirements of my... scholarship. How are you? Super. Thanks for asking. Hey. Good holiday? Did you know Gloria in the cafeteria hasn't spoken to Edgar the cleaner since the passion fruit sponge cake incident of 2002? So climbing the walls, then? Little bit. It was the finals of the National Junior Ballet Eisteddfod. I danced perfectly. The adjudicator read out the results... fourth, third, second, and then Mum just started squealing 'cause we knew I'd won. After that, Dad took us all out for dinner, Mum, my sister, me, Kat. Kat? Ex-best friend, now frenemy. Irrelevant. We all ordered desserts, only desserts, two each. And what about that made you happy? Winning? Dancing perfectly? Eating whatever you wanted? Feeling supported and sharing with my friends and family. Adam, the strength and self-belief you've taught me makes me certain I'm ready to start dancing on Monday. Read me anything you've written. "I know wherever I am I will do my best "and that is all I will ever ask of myself." And is that something you truly believe or is it an affirmation you copied down from an internet site? You're being the perfect patient, writing the perfect diary, eating the perfect diet. But your need to control every situation isn't helping you. You're making progress, Abigail, and that's great. But you're not yet strong enough to return to ballet. I'm ready to dance. I need to dance. Then go dancing. Dance with a friend. Dance for the love of it. But no ballet. No classes. No practising in that studio. Nothing that could trigger unhealthy thoughts. Yes, OK, I'll ask her. Hey, I'm teaching cha-cha again tomorrow. Grandma and friends. Can you come? She wants a female perspective. Gotta go. Love you. So. How was it? Breakthrough. He hypnotised me and made me cluck like a chicken. Are you allowed to go back to class? Are you allowed to stalk me? Stalk? You've been here every day of the holidays. Don't you have anything better to do? Not so much. No. Hi, honey, I'm home. Kat! Whoa, slow down. When did you get back? How was Europe? Did Natasha really ground you? Hey. How goes it, champ? Unreal. Roommate, meet boyfriend. Boyfriend, ditto, except other way around. Oh, what? We're official already? I thought we were just holding hands. Ha ha. So, Rumi didn't make the second semester cut and you're moving in with me. There will be deeper cuts at the end of this term, Katrina. I hope you all managed a few classes during your break? Tara has a private lesson. Tara's balance will change in pas de deux now she's en pointe. I suggest you spend the rest of your holidays practising. Are you ready? Relevés in fifth position. You know, when you arrived we talked about choosing your friends wisely. Posé up. You didn't. Better. You need to make a decision about what's more important, your training... or other distractions. He's a diplo-brat I picked up in Paris. His mum's an attaché case or something. Anyway, Natasha loathes him. She went crazy when he kept turning up. What, don't you like him? No, it's not that. Miss Raine just gave me the third degree. According to her, I can't hang out with you and be serious about dancing. She can't tell you who you can be friends with. What is this, primary school? Straight down into his... Samuel! How can you bear to leave these arms so tragically empty? How was Europe? I can say "You're grounded, young lady" in four languages. More junk? This semester there's gonna be rules. No, Rumi's not coming back, so I'm moving in with Kat. How sweet. Bambi and Thumper together at last. OK, thanks. 'Bye! Why are you still in my room? Oh, I'm sure the audiences love you. I can hear them chanting, Ethan. Oh, let 'em chant. Can't wait to see you. Can't wait to see you either. What should I wear to Dystopia? Um, busy. Mm-hm. I know. Hi! Kitty Kat, long time. Hey, I heard Natasha sent you home in disgrace. Ha ha. Yeah, 'bye, Ethan. She'll call you back. Hmm. Trashy in a good way? Um, you need to get me on my leg. I think you have to pull up more. Help! I hope you ate some of that. I eat what the diet plan specifies. So, for one night only I'm teaching my cha-cha class here. Studio one is now booked and it's only two steps away, so there's no excuse not to come. Except that it's a parade of saggy, geriatric bodies shuffling around a studio, achieving what? Grace? Beauty? Technical perfection? They don't have to achieve anything. That's a relief. Look, just... just come by and watch. Mmm. Therapy's enough pointless exercise for one day. Cease to crunch, little one. We are going out. Only three sets to go. The Kiefers are playing a warm-up gig. The Kiefers? At a private club, all ages, and our names are on the door. But it's the first day of term tomorrow and we have Miss Raine Classical at 9:00am. It starts at 6:00 and we'll be back before curfew. But we'll be wrecked. Tara, how many times have I said no to you? You're going with diplo-brat anyway. Why do you even need me? 'Cause you don't like him. I barely even know him. Well, can you at least make an effort, then? Tara, when we are old, we will look back on this as the defining moment of our friendship. Defining moment? Uh-huh. Are you going to let me dance or not? We all want to feel you're strong enough to cope with the extra pressure ballet puts on you. Is that a yes or a no? You're not ready yet. I see you have a reaction to that. How do you feel when I say you can't go back to ballet? Fine. Be more specific. I feel like... I eat and I eat and I do exactly what I'm told to do, and I write my stupid little diary, and I imagine my stupid coping strategies, and you still won't let me dance. That's good. I want you to be honest. Honest? I'll give you honest. It is unfair. I'll fall behind. There are performances at the end of the year and someone else will get my role. Everybody wants you to dance again. We just want you to be healthy. Why are you doing this to me? You're just like ballet. How am I like ballet? I give it everything. I never get anything back. I love ballet. Ballet just doesn't love me. Ballet doesn't have feelings, Abigail. It can't love you or not love you. Are we done? All your teachers say you're a wonderful dancer. If you choose, you can have a professional career, or you can follow an unhealthy path that'll make it impossible for you to dance. Now, today you've got choices. If you don't deal with this, you're going to lose that power. About time. Relax, T. We'll get you home before you're a pumpkin. Hey, man. Lucas Hewett. She's with us. It's Lucas plus one. Kassim told me to bring hotties. No, you and one other. Alright, we'll wait out here. You go inside and find Kassim. Plus-one goes in now or not at all. We'll take, like, five minutes. You're cool with that, right? By myself? We'll sort it. Five minutes? Yeah, I'll be fine. Defining moment. Hey, guys. - Take your partners. - OK. Ladies' choice. Excuse me? Hi. Um, my friend has my phone and my money inside. Can I just go in and grab them and then I'll come straight out? I'm not lying. How about you call your mum and tell her to come pick you up? But my friend will come back for me. Look, I'll tell you this for nothing. If you're not on the list, I can't let you through the door tonight. The thing is I didn't even want to come tonight. And now I'm stuck here in the middle of nowhere and I've got class tomorrow. It's Kat. Don't speak. I don't wanna talk... Voicemail. Can I make one more call? Hey, Ethan. It's me. And five, six, seven, eight. Step back, cha-cha-cha. Step back, cha-cha-cha. Step, tap. Step, tap. One, two, three. Kick, back, kick, back. Kick. One, two, cha-cha-cha. You must be the famous Abigail. I was just leaving. May I have this dance? Go on, Abigail. Make his day. Aha! Now, the gentleman is supposed to lead. Just go with me. Lovely. You came. Shut up. I'm dancing. Third game of my first season in the NRL, and I get crunched. I did my ACL right here. No, that's terrible. Yeah, my family had flown to Australia to come and watch. They saw the whole thing. According to Ethan, your life's in danger. Christian! 'Bye. Bubbeh Lieberman took a shine to you. "Shmuelly, you behave yourself, now." She thinks that you could do with some more meat on your bones. She's offered to cook you her special dumplings. You have to stop hassling me about food. That's not what I was doing. It makes it harder. Look, last semester, what happened... I feel responsible. It had nothing to do with you. Maybe I could have helped. You couldn't have. No-one could. Hi. My friend was just waiting here. Yea tall, cute little dress, big Bambi eyes. She left. Her boyfriend came and collected her in a cab. 20 minutes till curfew. Let's walk really slow. OK, changed my mind. Giant steps. Giant? OK. Stop right there. Race you to the end of the park? Alright. Ready... You're going down. Set... Cheat! Yes! Why are you going out with Ethan? What? Oh, I'm just asking. Because he's perfect. In every way. OK. You may not see it, but I feel it and I really... I said, "OK." Train's coming. We should get going. We'll miss curfew. That's mine. You're the one who moved things. If there's a pillow thief, it's you. You're right. I'm sorry. Can't sleep. Kat's not home. Four students didn't make the half-year cut. You'd think it'd be time to get serious. Your bed's still empty, if you don't want to be trampled by Kat climbing through a window. Isn't the room tidier without me? Yes. This is important, being honest to your friends about what you need, giving up some control to let them in. It's brave and strong. Healthy. Thank you. You understand that we support you... your parents, your teachers, your friends? Yep. Recovery isn't always smooth. If you need me, I'm here. I know. So when were you going to ask to go back to dancing? I guess you'll tell me when I'm ready. I am so sorry. If it makes it better, standing in the queue was the most fun I had all night. And the Kiefers? They didn't show. And diplo-brat's friends are really hard work. Well, I think I'm going to move back in with Abigail. I feel bad leaving her on her own. Oh, that's OK. Our friendship probably wasn't gonna survive us living together. I belong in small doses. I hope you've been practising your cha-cha. Oh, Sammy, please, enough with the cha-cha. Look. Ready? I already miss the wide-eyed girl from Patchie. Sure, she didn't have a clue, but there's a kind of freedom in that. Not knowing stuff makes things less complicated. Mind if I cut in? Oh, hi! Forget you had a boyfriend? No. Subtitles by MemoryOnSmells Exclusive for http://UKsubtitles.ru 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 