Step by Step: Season 1, Episode 6 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Step by Step 
 s1e6 - Pulling Together - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Step by Step (1991–1998): Season 1, Episode 6 - Pulling Together - full transcript 
 Carol wants the family to bond so she thinks the Port Washington games is the best way to do it. The Lamberts, who have won three years in a row, do not want the Fosters on their team simply because they are not athletic enough. The Fosters find the games to be barbaric but they eventually agree to participate. The Lamberts are devastated when they learn Cody will not be there to help them win for a fourth straight year. Karen turns out to be the secret weapon as her beauty distracts the opponents. It comes down to the last event and Cody shows up to help the Lamberts win for the fourth straight year. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 What a beautiful morning. You know, I was thinking maybe we could do something as a family. You mean, your family and our family together? What a great idea! Not. Well, what about the rest of you? When pigs fly. No way. Get real, mom. Well, Brendan, I guess that leaves just, you and me? 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 But, Carol, Billy's pet turtle got run over by a car. And I wanna see it before he throws it in the garbage. Well, wouldn't want you to miss that. Bye. Brendan, I-I'll go with you. Come on, Dana, I may be gone all week. This is the last chance you're gonna get to watch me demolish a building. Cody, the only way I'd watch that is if you were inside it. It's a deal! That was a joke. Yeah, I get it. Hey, you're pretty funny. What a beautiful morning. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Cody, just the man I've been looking for. Don't forget, next week are the Port Washington annual family games. That sounds like fun. Mother. Tug of war? The three-legged race? Pie eating? These things are for people named Clem who marry their cousins. Now, I will have you know the Lambert family have been the champions for three straight years. I rest my case. Uncle Frank. I'm sorry, I'm not gonna be able to make it. I'm tearin' down a Mr. Doughnut in Green Bay. Tcha. I totally forgot. Cody, I'm gonna miss you. Nobody can catch a greased pig like you can. Now, Uncle Frank, you're embarrassing me. You're embarrassing all of us. Hey, Dana, wait up. Frank, this is great. You know, I've been looking for something that we could do together as a family and these games sound perfect. You mean, your kids on the same team with my kids? Well, yeah, I mean, I know my kids aren't very athletic, but with you as their coach.. You're right, honey, I- I am a great coach and there's a reason that the Lamberts have been champions for three straight years. Good. I'll go tell them. The reason is, your kids weren't on the team. Dad, you're not serious about letting Carol and her kids be a part of our team, are you? They're a part of our family now. Why shouldn't we give 'em a chance? Because they're a bunch of weak, dorky, wuss, stink-o geeks. Just a personal opinion. Well, have a little faith. Everybody's got some kind of talent. Coach Lambert here is going to find it. Well, you better find it quick. Remember the Larson family last year? Yeah. They almost beat us. Yeah, but they didn't beat us and you know why? Because we're lean, mean, fighting machines. We're.. Lamberts! Alright! Carol and her kids are just as tough as we are. Do we have to do this? I've got a paper cut. Aw, and it's right on the knuckle. Aw. Look, we'll call 911 later, okay? Come on, let's huddle up. Everybody. Huddle up, here we go. Huddle up, let's go. Great. - Okay. - I hate my life. Don't be such a weenie. Have some fun. Great. Now, I'm a weenie. What events are you good at? Modesty. I like that. Modesty is good. Alright, let's just, go right to the, apple dunking, okay? Sorry. Any volunteers? Alright, Mark. I love that can-do spirit. Here, you just step right up there, okay? Now, you have got 30 seconds to get as many apples out of the water as you can using only your teeth. Are you ready? Go! Come on, Mark. You can do it, Mark. You can do it. Come on, Mark. 'You can do it, Mark. You can do it.' - 'Come on, Mark.' - 'Unhinge that jaw, boy.' 'You can do it, Mark. Mark!' - 'No pain, no gain.' - 'Mark? Mark? Mark!' Did I get any? No, honey, but it was a really good try. Who wants to be in some stupid competition anyway? It's archaic and boorish. Yeah and it ruins your hair. Guys, come back.. Guys, come here. G- guys. Don't worry, Frank, they'll be in this. Well, coach, now what? Well, I just think it's time we, stepped up the conditioning program. I think it's time to cut down the squad. You're right. I'll go talk to, Carol. Carol.. I, kinda gotta, s-sorta talk to you about something. Well, that's good because I have to talk to you about something too. Okay, you go first. Well, my kids wanna quit the team. They do? Well, that's a shame. That's a doggone shame. That's what that is. Well, they feel they're not good at this and they don't enjoy it. So, what's the point? Yeah, gee, that's just the way it goes sometimes. But I said Frank is right. We are a family. We do things together or not at all. So, we are playing on this team and that is final. - You said that? - Yes. - D-did they hear you? - Yes. And I told them they are lucky to have you as a stepfather. I mean, these family games have been a tradition in the Lambert family for years and now you want us to be a part of it because we are your family too. Well, I don't wanna force your kids to do something they don't wanna do. Frank, you know, I know that my kids are not very athletic but thank God I'm married to a mature man who really knows what matters. I am not all that mature, honey. Yes, you are. Otherwise, I wouldn't find you so irresistible. Frank, you know tonight after the kids go to sleep maybe you and I could workout a little too. Son.. Sit down. So, did you tell them they're cut from the team? J.T., some day when you grow up get married you're gonna see that you can't always get everything exactly the way you want. You understand? - Yeah, I understand. - Good. He wimped out! Why are we even bothering to sign up? With Carol and her kids on the team we'll never beat the Larson family. Now, wait a minute, J.T. The mature man realizes that family togetherness is more important than winning. Someday, I hope to be that kind of man. Don't look now, dad. The Larson's just showed up. They're even bigger than last year. - 'Oh!' - 'It's the Lambert's.' Hey, there, Lambert. Why don't you just give up now and save yourself the agony of defeat? What you're talking about, Larson? You were the ones who were defeated three years in a row. Yeah, yeah, well, all that does was to give us a little more motivation to try harder this year. Big deal, so your boy's been pumping a little iron. That's my daughter. You know, dad, there is a certain dignity in giving up. No, no, J.T. Don't worry, Larson. We Lambert's have a few tricks up our sleeves too. Heh. Hi, Frank. Well, here we are. Your lean, mean, fighting machine. This must be your, blushin' bride then? This is my wife, Carol, her daughter, Dana and this strappin' young lad is Mark. Yeah, well, it's nice to meet you. You certainly have a beautiful family. Puny, but beautiful. Well, we are just here to have fun regardless of who wins. Yeah, yeah, yeah, who cares who wins? Right, Larson's? Well, they seem like a nice family. Nice family? They're gonna eat us for lunch. That's right, Frank, come on! 'Come on, J.T!' That's right, Frank, come on! Ever notice how they look more like their pig every day? - Come on, Mark. - You can do it. Did you see that? Alright, as soon as he hands you the baton run like the wind. Got it. Go. - Go. - Time-out. I broke a nail. Hi, Frank. Did you hear the good news? We're in second place. Second place. That's really neat. Of course, it's not as neat as being in first place. But hey, I like to experience all kinds of new things. Losing this competition is something I've never experienced. Wait a minute. Frank, I may be way off but I am sensing a certain dissatisfaction with second place. Boo, it slipped out. But I thought you agree that family togetherness is more important than winning. Carol, let me explain to you. I'm a contractor. There's not a lot of pats on the back in my line of work. When I walk down the street people don't say "Hey, Frank, atta way to drywall!" When I win this contest for a couple of weeks everybody says "Hey, Frank, way to go. You're number one!" Carol, I like those two weeks. But what about teaching our children how to work together? Well, can't we do that tomorrow? Today, I really wanna win! Hey, come on, it's time for the three-legged race. Come on, I'll tie you guys up. Frank Lambert, this is aggressive, macho behavior. And if you ask me, I think you should get in touch with your feminine side. I don't have a feminine side. If I did I wouldn't touch it. You're impossible. Okay, so I got a little macho in me. I'm a man. I like sports. I wear a tool belt. I spit. Now you know it all. - All set! - Let's go. Get off of me! 'Inside, outside.' Inside, outside, inside. Newlyweds. Rent a room? Come on, Inga. Inside, outside, inside, outside. Alright, in the family games we're down to two finalists the Larson's and the Lambert's. The Larson's are ahead by one point with two events left. Pie eating contest is next! Don't you think Norbert looks just like Kevin Costner? Penny, how many times have I told you if you're gonna be in the sun all day, wear a hat. Hey, loser. It's you and me in the pie eating contest. I like my chances with the way you're stuffing your face. This? I'm just warming up. Loser, loser, loser. Well, it ain't over till the fat lady sings. Hey! Leave my mother out of this. J.T., your dad wants to talk to you about the pie eating contest. Hi, Karen. Hi, Leif. Larson, you're drooling. More than usual. Leif, stop fraternizing with the enemy. Coming, papa. What's his problem? He's in love with me. How do you know that? He's always like that around me. When I walk by him in the lunch room he goes numb. He can't talk, he can't think, he can't eat. He's a basket case. - He can't eat? - Yeah. Isn't that silly? We need to talk. Dad, I've entered Karen in the pie eating contest. Karen? - My Karen? - J.T., are you crazy? I've known Karen for two months, I've never seen her eat. Trust me, I've given her a few pointers. Ladies and gentlemen! It's time for the pie eating contest. Each person has two minutes to eat as much blueberry pie as he can. Hi, Leif. Karen? I don't know how I can win against a big strong, man like you. Well, whatever happens good luck. She kissed me. Ladies and gentlemen! Here are the first pies. Okay! Ready? - 'Eat! Eat!' - 'Go! Go, Karen! Go!' - 'Go!' - Eat it! Don't look at her, Leif. She's a devil woman. Hey, this is my daughter you're talking about. Somebody better eat something or nobody wins. Karen, you've got to eat something. Come on! Is there sugar in this? Eat the damn pie! Ten seconds! Alright. The winner! 'Alright!' - Okay. - Congratulations. Dad, dad! We're tied. If we win the tug of war, we're still champs! Way to go, Karen! - Right. - Look at 'em, honey. They were actually hugging. You know, you were right. Seeing you all work together well, that's just more important than winning some stupid trophy. A- and I would like to add one thing to that. If we all work together.. ...we can kick butt and win that stupid trophy! Is it my imagination or have they gotten bigger since this morning? And now the final event! The tug of war! The winner will be this year's champion! God, he's a hunk! Alright. One, two, three.. 'The Lamberts are losing!' Come on! Come on! We're going down! Have no fear! The Codeman's here! Hold on there, Lambert! He's not family. - Dude, I'm her fiance. - What? - Hi, honey. - Pull! The winner and this year's champion once again the Lamberts! Okay, squish together, folks we need a picture for the newspaper. You know, of all the championships that we've won, this one is the best! Yeah! Yeah, too bad we had to win it with a handicap. - What are you talking about? - We had to work with you guys. Pinhead, if it weren't for Karen we never would've made it to the finals at all. Well, we would've runaway with the whole thing if it wasn't for the prince of dorkness. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 