Acceptable Risk: Season 1, Episode 6 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Acceptable Risk 
 s1e6 - Episode #1.6 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Acceptable Risk (2017): Season 1, Episode 6 - Episode #1.6 - full transcript 
 As the investigation into the international conspiracy is shut down, Sarah and DS Byrne continue to dig into the cause of the many deaths connected to the drug company, which seem to be connected to a plot of land owned by the company. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 There's the gates of mercy  and the gates of justice, Sarah. There's the gates of what? Hey! I have just attended the funeral  of my head of security. He tried to intervene in an  illegal surveillance operation carried out by an employee  of your embassy. I came to resolve this matter  quietly. And what are you offering? I've been thinking of taking  some time off. There's this one file, though.  You can have it if you want it. Follow it where it goes,  to whoever it goes to. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 We received a call concerning  you and your children. A report has been made. You don't have to give me  a name. I know. You bugged Lee's car.  You bugged Sarah's car. Your real target was Hoffman.  Did you bug his car? Yes. You can tell me where he was  last night? If I get the file  from Mrs. Manning. How much do you think she knows  about that deal with Ciaran? She has no idea of it.  Not yet. Let's put a bottle of champagne  on the table. We'd need somebody who could get  inside information. The obvious person to go to  was Ciaran, right? 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 He was head of PR then. Ciaran worked for you  on this deal? It's been a great story, yeah? All that's missing  is the big finish. "I'm a ghost," he said. "Ghosts have to make amends.  That's why they come back." Then he walked to the edge  and... I've got to go and do my job.  You gonna be all right? No. Yeah. I'm just still taking it in. He said something  just before he jumped about why Ciaran  might have been killed, why that might lead  to who killed Lee. Nuala's in it, too. It's just what I was scared of. Patrick Mulvaney makes  one last headline. All eyes had to be on him  when he was alive, and everyone has to be talking  about him now that he's dead. I have to face my sister. NUALA: That's where we'd go  to celebrate signing a new act, making another million. He'd wave his arm and say,  "Look down there. It's ours.  All of it. We just have to reach out  and take it." And the champagne. I bet he ordered the  most expensive one on the menu and that he didn't pay for it. I'm expecting the bill. I have a bottle here. This will be in celebration,  by the way, of getting rid of him for good. Not grieving. To Patrick Mulvaney, who managed to exit this life  the way he lived it. On his own terms and causing the maximum amount  of damage to everyone else. He told me about the deal,  Nuala. You know which one. I can't understand why you  didn't come straight to me three years ago. And then what? You worked for them in legal. You'd have gone  straight to the company and refused to let Ciaran in  on any deal we were making. You'd have had to be whiter  than the snow, above reproach. That's who you are, Sarah. You can't help yourself. You loved that firm. That is why you're fighting it  so hard, like you've been betrayed  or jilted. You'd have put your job  and their good opinion of you before the chance  of making so much money you could paper the walls  with it. And if there was a conflict  of interest... Patrick always said,  "Isn't life and death..." "...a conflict of interest?" He did. He said it again, to me,  just before he jumped. It must have been so horrible  to have seen that. I won't try to excuse myself. I had a secret,  and I kept it a secret. And if that got Ciaran killed -- It did. We have a witness now. So I don't know how long it's  gonna take you to forgive me -- or if you should. Patrick said that Ciaran drank  because he couldn't stand the thought that I earned  more money than him, that I was the breadwinner. Do you think Ciaran  had a problem with that? Other people's marriages. Yeah, but you had a front-row  seat at mine. Did you? I think Ciaran was  more complicated than that. That's what I think. Most of us are. Me and the pills --  That wasn't simple. It took five shrinks and  20,000 euros to sort that out. We're through  with fudging the truth and giving half-answers, Nuala. Is that what you think  was going on between us? You're very strong, Sarah. You were too strong for Ciaran. He leant on you.  He relied on you. And people resent  having to do that. I'm sorry, but there it is. And when he found a chance  to stand on his own feet -- It got him killed. I didn't know that for sure until you put Lehane at the lock  that night. Then it did go straight back  to the firm. To James Aloysius Darragh  Mulvaney. He wasn't a Patrick at all. Even that was faked. Rest in pieces  and good riddance. Do you want to go there? You want to see it? See what all the fuss was about? I can place Hoffman at the  cottage the night Kilbride died. He was meeting a politician  named Maurice O'Hanlon and somebody else. My contact at the Gardaí thinks it's a high-ranking  officer in the police. We don't know yet what they said  at the meeting, but with Sarah Manning's file, I can make a pretty good case  for conspiracy. And these jokers? They are gonna go to jail  for decades. And this firm  is going to be stripped of everything it owns -- offices, plants, airplanes --  everything. There won't be any case. I'm closing you down. Today. Do you know how many lawyers  that firm has? You're either gonna lie to them and risk federal penalties  for perjury or tell the truth about  your illicit activities here. Lee Manning's widow can provide  concrete physical evidence that will stand up in court. The Justice Department will not  bring a case against that firm in a million years now. You will go home and report that no case can be  made against Gumbiner-Fischer or its officers or employees. Take them down and shred them. Take every scrap of paper  out of there, too. In case your attention wandered, that is where your career is  now. The first time I drove past it,  I stood on the brakes. Location. Motorway access. Airport access.  Docks access. Zoned for industrial  or commercial use. It's got everything. Wouldn't take a genius to guess  how much it could be worth once it was developed. Call in the bulldozers,  flatten those buildings, and you're flying. I brought Patrick to see it,  and he got it at once. Would've been the deal  of a lifetime. Why go to him? You were divorced. Who else could I go to? I didn't have the money. He still had the contacts,  and he was a great deal-maker. He used to say he could sell  athlete's-foot powder to a man with two wooden legs. He wasn't far wrong. What was this place? I don't know. It was the location  I was interested in. What was on it wasn't important. Not to me, anyhow. I signed a contract  saying I'd make half of anything we made reselling it  as a finder's fee. Patrick took over from then on. And then we hit the roadblock  at your firm and we brought Ciaran in. He'd have been in  for half a million. When we couldn't make the deal  happen, of course the line went dead. Nobody wanted to know Patrick. Can I help you, girls? We're just wondering  what this place is. It's private property. You're trespassing.  That's what it is. Can't you read? Or did you leave your glasses  behind? We're on this side of the fence,  aren't we? -You being funny?  -No. We're leaving that to you. Nuala, he's just doing his job. Do the owners ever come 'round? I wouldn't know who they are. And if I did,  I couldn't tell you. Are you leaving? You're not a real guard,  you know. You're just playing at it,  like a big kid. Nuala, please. If I showed you a photograph  of somebody, would you be able to tell me  if they'd been here? Even if I did,  I couldn't tell you. Not you...and not your lippy pal  here with the bad attitude. Have you got the message? Let's go. I'm Sarah Manning, by the way. In case you need to know. I'm sorry.  My big mouth. The poor, sad little man  was just trying to do his job. A toy guard with a uniform  two sizes too big. His neck didn't even touch  the collar. He took the license-plate number  down. Somewhere in that notebook  will be Lee's, too. That would be how Hoffman knew he was out there  investigating him. Wouldn't that mean that Hoffman  will know we were there? I hope so. I need him to know  that I'm still coming after him, that I have cards to play, too. SARAH:  Sarah Manning. Charles Duquesne. Would it be possible  for you to come and see me before I go back to Montreal? You're leaving us? I regret that my time in your beautiful  but sometimes dangerous city is almost at an end. I'm sorry to hear it. You must have got used to  that borrowed office by now, figured out how to work  the desk lamp. We, um, have found the man  who killed your husband. We all understand  how vital this contract is not only to all our operations  in Ireland but to the company as a whole. That is why I can assure  everyone at head office that I have personally dealt  with all remaining obstacles. Our friends here in Ireland  have assured me that we can rely on  their continued support. We are now ready to break ground at the proposed site  for our new plant. We know Hoffman killed Ciaran  because he asked too many questions  about that property deal. He used Lehane to do it. And your second husband begins  to investigate that death, and Hoffman decides  that he has to die too -- in Montreal. Hoffman allows Niklas Esser  to learn that Lee will be delivering  a file which will destroy him. Lehane makes sure that Esser  knows the name of somebody who can solve this problem  for him, somebody who can get the file  and leave no witness. Lee never gets to deliver  the file. DUQUESNE: Then Hoffman realizes  that Lehane has to go, too. So he uses his background as  a chemist to make that happen. No one is left  to connect it all back to that first link in the chain,  to Hoffman himself. Who, I regret to say,  seems to be untouchable. SARAH:  Untouchable? Okay, he didn't pull  the trigger, but he set it all in motion. He put the pieces in place. Didn't you say we know  who killed Lee now? Detective Byrne provided  the information which led to Lee's killer through his family connections  in Dublin. And then Montreal  tried to arrest him. He decided to fight. The trail ends here. Okay.  It can't end there. I won't let it end there. Is there anything you can do? My mission was only to establish how deeply compromised  the minister might be, how far he'd laid himself open  to potential blackmail -- blackmail that your husband  was involved in. You accept that now? I've had to. But that doesn't mean their  lives can just be thrown away. That he -- he sets it up  and then goes free. That is exactly  what will happen, and you should be very careful,  Mrs. Manning. He's a killer. If he feels you threaten him... SARAH:  He dropped his guard because he wanted to get back  to me. It's a yes. So in a way, I got him killed. You see that bit of the canal  there? Where my first husband  was murdered? Every time I walk past  a canal lock or along the quayside  or any bit of water -- and it's hard to avoid  in Dublin -- I remember. Like I remember Lee  six or seven times a day when I see him walking  towards me or... ...or feel his hand on me. If you think  I'm going to let this go and not get justice  for the two of them and for everybody else  that he's just got rid of... Be careful with this man. You can expect no assistance  from us. If you go further,  you do so on your own. Haven't I always been? BYRNE: Sarah's ready  to give you everything -- hotel receipts,  plane reservations, all the evidence you need to prove her husband traveled  the world fixing contracts  for that company. Everything you need  to make the case. There is no case. But you said the -- The FBI is no longer interested  in trying to figure out why a man named Lee Manning  was found dead in the street in Montreal. It's dead and buried. I've been recalled, Detective. But at least you can give me  the evidence you had -- you know, to link it to Dublin,  to the firm, to Hoffman. COYLE:  You're not listening. There is no more evidence. They put this case in a sack, and they threw it off the end  of the pier. Nobody's going to try  to bring it back because it's not just the money  that's threatened, it's all of those politicians  here and in Washington who feed off of that money. You put a tracking device  on Hoffman's car. At least you can tell me where  that car is now, you know? Then at least I have  physical evidence to link him  to Deirdre Kilbride's murder. I know exactly where  and when that bug died. In a scrapyard north of Dublin. I saw the face of the man who put a bullet in my husband  today. I saw the face of the man  who told him to do it. I keep seeing Hoffman's face... ...because he's behind  both of them. And there's nothing anybody  can do about it. You're stuck. Duquesne's gone back  to Montreal. The FBI is off the case. I'm out of ideas. I think I'm going mad. I pushed O'Hanlon really hard. If I keep at it, he might crack. He might give something up. He must know that Hoffman killed  Deirdre Kilbride. He's a politician, Emer. He can easily find a way of  wriggling out of facing facts. Unless you can put Hoffman  there. Unless he cracks, too. And what are the chances  of that? I can go back to Nulty. With what? He told you not to go back  to him until you had proof. Proof.  Not a guess. Not a wild swing of the bat. Evidence that when Hoffman left  that cottage, he ran her down  and made sure she was dead. Until then,  he's like O'Hanlon. He can tell himself that there's still a chance  it was somebody else. He must have slipped up  somewhere. There must be something  that leads us back to him. Yeah, but you won't find it.  You know you won't. He'll have taken care of that, like he's taken care  of everything else. He'll run rings  'round the Gardaí. I'm not letting it go. I'm not letting him go.  I promise. Oh!  Is that an official promise? What are those worth? Sorry.  I shouldn't have said that. He's just smarter  than any of us. BECK:  I'm going back to Berlin now. My work here is completed. I was investigating a possible  national-security threat to a leading German politician who may have exposed himself  to blackmail. Not a case  of commercial wrongdoing. DUQUESNE:  And what about Niklas Esser? He gets away? Just like Hoffman. Well, you know how these things  are handled. A phone call, lunch or dinner, a suggestion that he quietly  resign in the next few months to spend some time  with his family. A couple years keeping  his head down and then what? He's back in power? It is possible. That doesn't bother you? Bismarck once said that government is like  making sausages -- Even if you like the end result, don't look too closely  at the process. Goodbye, Mr. Duquesne. Wait. You forgot that. Those cannot be mine. They are copies of a document,  yes, but even copies must carry  a serial number. I didn't see one there. You decide what to do with them. Can I write something  for the service instead of saying it aloud? You needn't even read it out. If you want to say it inside,  in your heart, you can. Do you want to say something? Do I even have to be there? You have to be there. Doesn't he? Let me talk to Eamonn alone,  Rose, please. You don't have to go. No. It won't bring him back if I do. And he wasn't my real dad  anyway. He wasn't your flesh and blood,  no. Remember when you were getting  bullied at school because you liked to dance? Remember Lee told you  that you have a gift and they were just  being jealous? He didn't stop there, did he? He showed you a couple of things  to do if they hit you again. The very next day...  flattened three of them. Wiped the floor with them. I did.  Yeah. And have they left you alone  since? Actually, other kids come to me  and ask me to look after them. Lee wasn't your real dad. Whatever that means. But he was so proud of you. Go do your homework. But remember --  I'll still love you either way. Whether you go to the service  or not. So would Lee. NUALA:  Hi, Eamonn. I know what that place was. Hey, uh, right there.  Can I help you? Hey. I need to know if you have  a particular license plate in that book of yours. Uh-huh. They fired the last guy  in this patrol before me just for leaving  five minutes early. I can't risk that. Right. Do you like this job? And you have your license  to work in the security industry after passing  your Basic Guarding Skills FETAC Level Four Award, yeah? Or did you just slip the man  hiring you a couple of hundred to fill in the forms for you? I got it fair and square. So you don't mind me going  to headquarters and pulling the files? What do you want? I need you to take a walk  over there for five minutes. Check the fence. When you do, leave your book  on the dashboard. And that will be that? As far as you're concerned,  yeah. And you let nobody know  I was here, okay? I went through Patrick's  old files -- the ones I had dumped on me  when he went on the run. There was a lot of junk -- press cuttings,  things like that. I found the business stuff  in the end -- the property stuff  about that piece of land and the buildings on it. The freehold is still held  by Gumbiner-Fischer. They bought it from a charity  years ago who ran it  as the Gates of Mercy. The Gates of Mercy. It's a home for pregnant  and unwed mothers. It's been around  a hundred or so years. The gates of mercy  and the gates of justice. What? Barry Lehane used those phrases  the night he came to see me. He was testing me... ...to see how much I knew. Lee was seen by security at  the property on two occasions. The last was three days  before Montreal. The Private Security Authority  says it has a long-term contract to secure the premises. They're paying thousands a month  for a round-the-clock patrol. All for a place  that's falling to the ground -- when they made a song and dance  about the problems they had finding a site  for their new plant? I found this. SARAH:  When did it close? Twenty-five years ago. There was a missing-persons  inquiry concerning it a few months before that. I know her. I'm told Jimmy Nulty is out. Early retirement. One of the finest men  ever to wear the uniform. I have no idea  what hand you had in that or whether the shenanigans  the two of you got up to left him with no choice. But I'll make sure that your  career stops dead, Emer Byrne. I still have friends  in Phoenix Park who can put a nail  in your coffin. Mr. Nulty got dragged into -- Chief Superintendent Nulty  to you. Chief Superintendent Nulty  got dragged into the affairs of the firm I used to work for. My first husband and my second  husband worked there, too. They were killed because  they got too close to something it wants to hide. He handed the file back to me. He'll help where he can.  I have his word on that. It is a major investigation  going back several years, and I would value  your assistance on it, as I value his. It all leads back  to the Gates of Mercy. Why did it close down? Was it to do with  the missing-persons case you were working just before? The Gates of Mercy? BYRNE:  You were there. That case was months  before it shut up shop. One of the staff had left it one  night and she never came back. You never found her? No. I don't want to continue this. You may have forced Jimmy Nulty  to work with you, but not me. I can make this official. I am in charge  of a wide-ranging inquiry into several suspected murders  committed over a number of years with an apparent connection  to that place -- and now, potentially,  one of your unsolved cases. You can answer now  or be required to answer. Say that again. You know what I said,  what it means. Don't make me go there, please. I took you under my wing  when you came into the guards. Perhaps I was taught too well. It was a routine  missing-persons case. It meant that I had to check  on her place of work. I did. There was no hint  there was anything wrong there. Yeah, but it closed down  overnight months afterwards. I wouldn't know about that. It was a place for women  who nobody else would take in. It looked after the outcasts  and their children, and it didn't judge them -- in a country where that judgment  came a little too easy for a woman who'd made a slip. It did a great job. First-class people.  First-class facilities. A model for what  that kind of place should be. Did the name of Gumbiner-Fischer  ever come up? No. You're sure? I'm not in the witness box, and as far as I know,  you're not a practicing lawyer. They bought the land.  They have the freehold. There's a 24-hour guard  on the place still. What are they hiding? Were you not listening?  Nobody had anything to hide. There were decent people there  as well as rogues. People who spent their lives  caring, trying to build things up,  not knocking them down. I'm leaving now, unless you have means  of keeping me here. I've told you all I know. I won't forget this, Emer Byrne. I didn't want to do it this way. I'm going to see my friend  Jimmy Nulty now. A good man. Whatever you think he did, he didn't deserve to end  his career this way. You went against the code. Well, at least it's still  an open missing-persons inquiry. That might just be enough  to get us over the fence, see what they're hiding  in there. DR. HOFFMAN:  I shall take a small vacation before the funeral service  for Ms. Kilbride. Please arrange for my plane  to be serviced and ready, and alert the staff at the villa  of my arrival. WOMAN: Dr. Hoffman,  Sarah Manning is here. What should I tell her? Mrs. Manning.  An unexpected pleasure. You will not use my children  as a weapon against me. Whatever fight you have with me,  they'll be kept out of it. I have no idea  what you're talking about. This is a copy  of the report made by the German Federal Institute  for Drugs and Medical Devices. It's been kept under wraps  for years. It's a little bit  like the information you used Lee to deliver  to swing contracts your way. This time it's about you. Put together by other people who are used to  looking into secrets. If you are recording  this conversation, I still insist that  your allegations are baseless and sincerely plead with you  to get professional help. You started out  as a research chemist but very soon showed where your  real talents were -- management. You were good at fixing things. When you couldn't make  a deal happen that would keep both sides  happy, you were the hatchet man, too. Twenty-five years ago,  they flew you to Ireland. There was a problem. It was gonna take a corporate  star like you to sort it out. A few years previously, they had a new drug in the  pipeline for cancer in children. It needed to run clinical trials in the real world,  outside the laboratory. It looked for somewhere the regulatory regime  was a little loose. What would be ideal would be  to have people to experiment on where there wouldn't be  a song and dance if too many infants, babies,  young children died. At the Gates of Mercy Home, say. Those trials were conducted with the approval  of the Irish authorities. Nobody should have been asked  to take part without having the risks  explained and given a chance to back out. That's what went wrong there. It's why you took one look and had the company buy  the place, then close it down and scatter all the staff who  might know something about it, like how many young children  died. Otherwise a lot  of people's careers would have been destroyed. They might even have gone  to jail. The company might not have  survived. This was 25 years ago. What you call a report is a series  of unsupported allegations. You still own the property. And it's guarded 24 hours a day. I'm about to find out  what you're hiding there. It must have been something  worth killing for. I'm flying to Spain shortly. A few days' vacation. When I come back, I will resign  and become a scientist again. I sincerely believe that I still  have things to offer as a medical scientist. I admit nothing, of course, but I would return from Spain  in a different capacity. For the rest of my days here, I would make amends  for any mistakes I've made, any distress I've caused. Distress? I wanted justice. At least that place can give me  the answers I need. Think what you may be  about to do. The consequences for hundreds,  maybe thousands of children and their parents. Don't jeopardize the future. You're a brilliant man. I believe you could do  what you say. The greater good -- I get it. It's something you could ask  a saint to go along with. I'm not a saint. BYRNE:  Sarah! You okay? There's kitchens and laundry. That must have been  where the dormitories were. Ghosts. What are we looking for,  exactly? Even with this, I wish I knew. Years of experiments. Dozens of trials. Dead end after dead end.  But they kept trying. Found someone else  to allow their child to be used. Told them how much good  would come from it or...told them nothing at all. But it's just a file. Nothing to back it up. Nothing to say  it really happened. Allegations without facts. Guesses without proof. What's that? There was no main drainage. Must be the septic tank. BYRNE:  This is what we have so far. There's gonna be more. A lot more. Two dozen bodies, aged  a few days to five or six years. It's gonna be impossible  to determine the exact cause of death... ...or give them names. An adult in her early  to mid-20s. SARAH: Detective Heffernan's  missing person. Who saw something she shouldn't, was gonna make a fuss,  blow the whistle, derail the fix that Hoffman had spent so much  time and money putting in. SARAH: Which makes her  the first person he killed. And after her,  he had to keep on killing. Ciaran. Lee. Lehane. Kilbride. Then me? WOMAN: Gardaí in Dublin continue  to search the site of a derelict property,  formerly the Gates of Mercy Home for unmarried mothers  and their children. The Garda press office says  it will issue a formal statement later today. Some wreckage  from the small private jet registered and piloted  by the chief executive of one of Ireland's leading  pharmaceutical companies was found in the waters  off Wexford today. Air, sea, and shore searches coordinated by  the Irish Coast Guard are continuing  for the missing pilot, Hans Werner Hoffman  from Gumbiner-Fischer. The plane was last seen on radar  some six hours ago, and it is not yet clear  if he was traveling alone. In another statement,  the company announced a wide-ranging review  into the findings at the site  of the Gates of Mercy Home but emphasized  that these events occurred almost three decades ago  and involved personnel who were no longer affiliated  with Gumbiner-Fisher. They have pledged full  cooperation with any inquiry. The company also confirmed today  that it will be completing the multimillion-euro plant  outside Dublin. This is great news for every  Irishman and every Irishwoman, especially for those of us with our country's  best interests at heart. It guarantees a long-term future  with good schools for our kids and good jobs waiting for them  at the end. The car's here. We ready? Okay. Go on. The alarm. I'm not living like that  anymore. Afraid of my own shadow. I got into this  to get one question answered. Who killed Lee? I got most of the answer.  Not all of it. Maybe I have to settle  for what I have because...I need to get on  with my life now. I still don't know who that is. The man who shared my bed. Where he was from. Whether one day  he would've opened up to me, told me everything  he felt he had to keep back. Whether he was a good man  or a crook. Or a crook and a good man. Maybe you have to let it go,  Sarah, find a way to do that. Do I have a choice? Remember I asked you  to take care of Rose and Eamonn while we went away  for the weekend? I do. I got my dates wrong. I think -- I'm not sure... It's early days, but... Oh, my God. Sarah, are you really? Yes. Oh, come here. Would have been nice to have had  the chance to tell him. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 