Acceptable Risk: Season 1, Episode 4 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Acceptable Risk 
 s1e4 - Episode #1.4 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Acceptable Risk (2017): Season 1, Episode 4 - Episode #1.4 - full transcript 
 The conspirators behind the blackmail and deaths begin to panic as links to the murders come into focus. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 These are the names of Irish crime families who have connections in both Montreal and Dublin. If someone wanted Lee Manning professionally killed, any one of them could have arranged it. CORMAC: I've been doing a bit of work for a Yank, you see. Miss America might know why your old man's lying on a slab in Canada. I could lead you to her. BYRNE: They fished Walsh out of the canal. He was helped on his way. He had a bash to the back of the head. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 I don't have your name yet, but I know where you work. You meet me and talk or I'll come knocking on the door of the U.S. embassy Jimmy? We've had our fallings-out in the past, I know, but your advice on this would be very welcome -- before it turns into the kind of headlines none of us want. Lee Manning used to work for the CIA. I'll assume full operational control. I'm off the case? You got close to something, so they closed you down, and you're going along with it. It's what Cormac Walsh was sent here to look for. It's got hotel bills, receipts, ticket stubs, 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 a record of everywhere he'd been for the firm, all the places they sent him. NUALA: There's an address here. It's where Barry Lehane lives. NUALA: Lee was scared that Lehane suspected him of being there the night Ciaran died. -Yeah. You're making this up. -Lee Manning -- whoever the hell he was -- got what he wanted. Ciaran was in his way, and Ciaran had to go. MARIE: A little bird tells me you're going away for a few weeks. Monday. London. A course. They're very big on those now. Policing has changed since I left. It's not all clearing bars with your fists in Dolphin's Barn or getting to know the chancers on your beat. I'm not sure about it. This case I'm working I told you about -- It'll be hard to let go of the reins. Mm. I know the feeling. Some of them you take personally. You want to be the one to make the arrest. You're under enough pressure without adding to it yourself, though, don't you think? God, it was a different world when I started. The Stone Age. I was one of the first to get to high rank. I thought they'd give me a chance to prove myself. Instead, I was sent around the country inspecting accounts. Then I got saddled with a-a hit-and-run driver. A very rich man with powerful friends. I was told if I made waves, I'd be proving I wasn't a team player -- and that would be bad news for any other woman trying to follow in my footsteps. If I wanted to join the boys' club, I'd have to prove I understood the rules. So I took the long view. I let it slide. I went with the force instead of my feelings, and I think I was right. I paid my dues on behalf of you and the other women that followed. Are you giving me a message? What message would that be, then? To straighten yourself out. To realize that not all the battles have been won. To understand that you have a responsibility, too, to the women who'll come after you. What? Keep my head down and my mouth shut? We didn't write the rules on policing. And at your level, you don't get to see the big picture. If something stinks? Well, cover your nose. Can I guess who the little bird was who sent you? Jimmy Nulty is one of the best friends we ever had in the guards. Look at how he forced them to give that course to you instead of to the blue-eyed boy the rest of them wanted. He'd make a fine commissioner -- maybe even a great one. Sarah Manning is in the clear as far as I'm concerned, though there are some that are trying to set her up. Listen to yourself. There's people in Dublin -- important people that want her headed off or treated as a lunatic. I really don't want to think that it goes up to chief-superintendent level, and you're doing his dirty work. If you want to make an enemy of me and sabotage your career, then go right ahead. I'm not trying to make an enemy of you. I respect you. I learned everything from you. This is my life, my career, and my name on that file, and I'm making a phone call. I want you to hear this. Sarah? Emer. I'm coming to see you. Let's just say tea with an old friend gives you a chance to calm down and think things through. The CIA? Lee worked for the CIA? As far as we know, he's an ex-employee. That explains this and those. Put them somewhere safe. I'm taking you to meet somebody. The person who arranged for your car to be bugged and your house broken into are looking for them. What's she doing here? BYRNE: You need her on your side. She found the file you paid Walsh to break into her house to look for. I had nothing to do with that. SARAH: Cormac Walsh said you did. He offered to sell you out. For 50,000 euros, he was gonna hand you over. He never got the chance. We can do this here, now, no record of who says what, or we could do it the other way -- leave here, go back to the U.S. embassy, make it official. Your call. I want the truth. I'm gonna get it. Lots of people say that, but they don't want the whole truth. They only want the one that they can handle, the one that fits into the way they see the world, how they want to keep thinking about somebody -- especially somebody they're close to. I want to know everything -- about Lee, about the company, about why he was in danger. I want to know who you are and what gave you the right to do what you did to my family. I work for the FBI on attachment to the embassy in Dublin. The case I'm working on falls under the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, which authorizes us to bring charges against any firm or employee of that firm using bribery or corruption to obtain financial advantages. Gumbiner-Fischer was using Lee to do that. Do you have proof of this? I can tell you exactly what he was going to do in Montreal if he had the chance. It's what he did every time he made a trip on behalf of that firm. I have an appointment with the minister. COYLE: We had been watching Lee for some time. Every trip followed a similar pattern. LEE: I'm not here to offer anything as crude as a bribe, Minister. You're a man of the highest ethical integrity with an unblemished reputation. So far. Your promotion to health minister in one of the German federal republics puts you in charge of the bidding process for a drug that we manufacture. We want to invest in you -- in your career, your success in that career, financial well-being. And when you leave political life, if you should choose to use your talents in the business world, we'd be more than happy to talk. In public life, people make enemies. You've made them. One in particular. He'd destroy you if he could, but we'd prefer it if you destroyed him first. We would regard this as a down payment on our investment with you. That's how it was meant to go down. That day, of course, it all went south. I was planning to approach him, show him the evidence that we already had, offer him a deal, get him to wear a wire. He was the last piece of the puzzle. I want to say how sorry I am that your husband was killed in a place where we couldn't intervene. Or are you just sorry you can't make your case anymore? I would like to believe that he would've cooperated willingly once I had the means to get his attention, that he could have ended up on the witness sheet instead of in the dock. When did you last see Walsh? I tried to talk to him two nights ago, see how serious he was about his threats to go public. I couldn't find him. The night he was killed? I had nothing to do with that. He had enemies too. The Drug Enforcement Agency used him as an informant in a smuggling case at Dublin Airport. I'm not holding anything back. You asked me for the truth, and now I'm asking you to act on it. Your husband was a highly trained undercover intelligence officer who trusted no one, not even the firm that he worked for. If something went wrong, he might have kept a record as an insurance policy in case they tried to throw him under the bus. Why should I help you blacken his name, even if I believed any of this? Because the answer to the person who killed your husband is what he was doing with that firm. Don't you want that answer? I'll make a deal with anybody to find who killed Lee, but I have to be sure I'm gonna get the right answer and not be fed another pack of lies. I am not lying to you. I have put my career in your hands by telling you all this. Let's go. I am going to get an indictment on that company one way or another. And I will include in those indictments anyone who tries to obstruct my investigation. You have no idea how broad the reach of the United States government is. Do you believe it? I didn't know your husband. Do you? If I wanted somebody to do a job like that, I'd be looking for somebody with a background like his. Somebody who could guard a secret? Keep his nerve? Look somebody in the eye and make a threat or tell a lie without blinking? But that same person was... Stop the car, please. Stop the car now! You gonna be all right? Lee gave me this last year. It's from Italy. Changes color. It's red from one angle and green from the other. It...depends how you look at it. It's not just one thing. Two things all at once. Maybe he was sending me a message... ...in case one day I ever saw the other side of him, the other Lee... ...the one he'd never in a million years want me to see. I have to take this. Emer Byrne. Right. Lehane is dead. Had another heart attack. He was never gonna make it. MAN: Are you sure you've given us a list of everything he was taking for his heart? He was on a lot of things. We found quinidine in his system. We have no record of the quinidine having been prescribed. Hi. Uh, Sarah Manning to see Aidan O'Sullivan or Deirdre Kilbride. Do you have an appointment? If you tell them who it is, they'll see me. I'm not supposed to let anybody through without an appointment. Well, you're not supposed to spend your time doing your nails and texting your boyfriend, are you, love? Mrs. Manning to see you. Yes. Thank you. Sarah. Sarah. Uh, these are the dates Lee was in those cities on your behalf. Paris, Rome, Hong Kong, Nairobi, Singapore, Cairo -- It...goes on and on. And -- Oh. Montreal -- the last trip, the one he didn't come back from. You sent him there to very cleverly threaten to blackmail people to swing contracts and deals your way. I have the originals of all his travel details -- expenses, instructions on who to meet and where. I've just come from meeting an FBI agent attachéd to the U.S. embassy in Dublin who'd be very interested in seeing them. She wants to send you to jail, and she's not fussy what means she has to use. She's already had my house broken into, bugged my car. She'll -- She'll do what it takes. Oh, that's not, um, that's not jail here, by the way. That's federal prison in the U.S., where there's no parole and they can send you down for 150 years without cracking their faces. The way -- The way they work is to round up the small fry first, the lower- and middle-ranking executives like you, and work their way up to the big fish. Which of you wants this? Legal? Human resources? Or should I find my way to Dr. Hoffman's office and hand it to him personally? I-I knew nothing about this. Neither do I. And, Sarah, I resent you forcing your way in here. I resent having to bury my husband in a few days, so I think we're quits. Well, things have changed since your time here. No. You work here, the pair of you. Gumbiner-Fischer pays your wages. If you didn't know about this, you should have guessed. And if you did know, you both have Lee's blood on your hands. What do you want from us? I want the name of the man in the file Lee carried. The man who was gonna be destroyed because of the information in it. He had the most to gain by Lee being killed before he could hand it over. If I don't get that, I'll go back to the FBI and show them everything I have. I'm still hoping there's another explanation -- that...maybe he was planning on blowing the whistle on the whole rotten deal, that... that he was sick and tired of the lies -- the ones he told on your behalf, the ones he had to tell me -- that he was gonna bring you down, that... that he was a good man and not a crook... ...and a blackmailer who saw the light in the end. Give me that name or I will do to you what Lee did to people on your behalf. Destroy you. Sarah Manning was in the office just now. It's not longer vague threats anymore. She's got something in writing that could destroy this firm and send a lot of people to prison. Prison in America as well as here. I'm told one of the best views in the world is from the cells at San Quentin. No more jokes, Maurice. I'm scared. For the first time, really scared. The FBI is involved and God knows who else. Sarah Manning is coming straight at Hoffman, and you're a little too close to him for comfort. She'll do anything to find the answers. And if they can help her do that -- I have done no more for Gumbiner-Fischer than I would do for any major employer in this country. We have a vital national interest in working with those that can bring good, steady jobs here, but I am also fully aware there are lines never to be crossed. This sounds like something you'd say outside the Four Courts before going in to be sentenced. Look, don't panic. In the meantime, stay clear of Sarah Manning. There's nothing more I can tell her. That won't stop her asking questions. Aidan O'Sullivan, though -- I wouldn't be sure about him and what he knows and what he is willing to tell to save his own neck. There is not much to tell about that night, and I have told it many times. I still have to ask. I was on my way to work. -That time of the night? -Yes. I worked two -- three jobs in those days to have money to buy this. My night job was to clean the vents in the restaurants. I scraped the grease, and it was recycled into new cooking oil. Mm. I'll think of that next time I'm dining out. So I walk by the canal, and I hear a splash, as if someone has fallen in. So... ...you were here when you heard Ciaran Boyle call for help, yeah? Yes. Yeah. CIARAN: Help! Help! -Help! -Come here! Did you see anyone else? No. No. I-I see no one else. Only the man in the water. He's in the lock, trying to get out, but the water is too deep. Also I'm shouting for help, but there is no one to -- to hear me. The man in the water is trying to get hold of something. There is nothing there. He tries to reach my hand when I reach down for him, but... Take your time. One moment. You drink? I do, but I'm on duty. Sometimes I have nightmares. Then I saw lights of police car... -Help! -...on the road. So I leave the man in the water, and I run to them. We get man out of the water, and it is too late. And this is my statement. Nothing to add. It's your statement word for word. But I think you're lying. I think you saw something else that night. There was a knife found here. Knife. Don't know nothing about knife. A short-bladed folding knife somebody would use to protect themselves if they had to be going 'round the city late at night, going from job to job with cash. It was yours, wasn't it? And on your way to ask the guard for help, you stopped and you got rid of it because you didn't want them to find it on you. I think you were nervous because you saw something. That's why you got rid of the knife. Which means that if there was somebody else there that night, you saw them. So what really happened? Who did you see? If I tell you about the knife, will you put me in trouble? I don't care about the knife. It's only important 'cause it tells me you were too scared to say what you really saw. So what happened? What did you see? At first, I-I hear shouting... ...as if someone was in a fight. Two voices of two men. So I think to myself, "Kyrylo, this is none of your business. Don't get involved. Just go." But then I hear shouting for help. So I run towards lock gate, and that's when I hear splash. And that's when the other man sees me and he runs away. So he gets away, the other man that was fighting with him? KYRYLO: Yes. I'd lied because I don't want to get into trouble. You see, if they send me to jail, they send me home straightaway. Are you going to put me to jail? I just want to know what the other man looked like. I did not get a good look at him. Yeah, but you did see him. Yes, I saw. Was this him? It was very long time ago. Yeah, but you said you still have nightmares. You see it all again. Was this him? KYRYLO: Yes. Yes, I think that's him. Yes, I... Yes. BYRNE: You're a very capable man, Mr. Lehane, and I'm sure you'll do whatever it takes to protect the people who you're working for. You don't get a free pass just 'cause you work for one of the biggest firms in Ireland. Not just one of the biggest. One of the most important and powerful. You should remember that. KYRYLO: You're going to look for him now and put him into court? Will I have to say what I saw? BYRNE: You may not have to do that. Not now. WOMAN: Let me walk this back. You carried out an illegal surveillance operation against an employee of one of Ireland's biggest and most profitable companies without informing me as legal attaché. To do so, you used a Dublin criminal who even the Drug Enforcement Agency found flaky. He's dead, and now you've opened a back channel to a detective in the Dublin police force who seems to have an agenda of her own and conducted an interview with a potential suspect, your target's widow. She's just told you to get lost, so you're bringing it to me in case she goes public, in which case the ambassador is gonna be asking me some very awkward questions. I have strong circumstantial evidence that contracts have gone to Gumbiner-Fischer instead of the lowest bidder or that the terms of bids changed at the last minute to favor them. I think we can still pull a case together, and Sarah Manning is the key. Given what you've done already, it could also turn into one of the nastiest diplomatic dogfights in foreign-service history. Ireland is not a hostile power. These are our friends. We like them. They like us. We don't have too many people left in the world who do that unconditionally these days. We're through here. I want nothing to do with this. Fold the case and walk away. You said it yourself. It started off as an illegal surveillance operation in a friendly capital and went downhill from there. If you didn't know about it, you should have. I have no intention of folding this case while there's still a chance that we can get indictments. NULTY: You ordered a guard to sit by the hospital bedside of a man connected with a case that you were warned off. You spoke to that guard and to the doctor in charge, in direct defiance of an order given to you by me in this office. Is that right? The death of Sarah Manning's first husband is now a murder inquiry. I have a witness. He says Lehane was there the night he died. Somebody gave Lehane medication that would kill him if taken in combination with his regular prescription, which means Lehane was killed to stop him revealing the name of whoever he killed for. You're accusing an ex-guard of murder for hire? I think we could make that case. On whose behalf? Somebody in that firm wanted Ciaran Boyle out of the way because of what he knew about their corrupt operations -- operations that Lee Manning was part of. Why do you think I took that case from you -- or tried to? You really think it can be handled at your level? I don't know why you took me off the case. I know what I'm told. "Sir." I know what I was told, sir. By you, sir. Your current daybook. Now. You have not spoken to anyone else about this case, either by phone or in person, and left details out? No, sir. Don't get cute with me. Have you? I have not, sir. 'Cause if you have, it's a very serious disciplinary matter. I'm well aware of that, sir. It wouldn't just be a matter of missing this course in London. You could be out on your ear. I realize that, sir. Did you talk to Sarah Manning this morning? I did, sir. I don't see a note about it in here. My friend Sarah? Uh, that's a private thing, not official business. Don't get cute with me! Should I ask for a member of the Garda Representative Association to get involved in this, sir? I put my own brother away once. He was a bad lot, but he was still my flesh and blood. I could have tipped him the wink to get the next boat out of here before they nabbed him, but I didn't make that call. I had my loyalties sorted out. Everything I do is knowing my loyalties, sir, as I said to ex-Garda Detective Heffernan when she tried to warn me to back off. I sent her to you to give you that warning. In the hopes that you'd see reason, back off when you were told that this inquiry involves issues that are way out of your league. But you said no! You tried to make an eejit out of me. That's not true, sir. All I tried to do was follow the case to where it led. It leads here, to my desk, where it should have been all this time. You might as well hand in your resignation here and now, because however well you do from now on, there'll always be a red flag against your name. "Emer Byrne? Ask Jimmy Nulty about her. She never gave 100% when she was asked. She knew better." Your career is over. It's our loss as much as yours, but there it is. Get out of here. Cool your heels while I decide what to do with you. Whatever it is, you won't like it, because it'll be a total waste of your time, training, and talent. Go! You did that for me? Put your career on the line? For the case. To get to the truth no matter who's standing in the way. I burnt my bridges. Now all I can do is do what you did -- take the fight to them. Come on. That list of Canadian organized-crime figures with Irish family connections back here -- I think I can help. Mila Beck, the German Federal Intelligence Service. Emer's told me who you are. We're on the same side, Mrs. Manning. Are we? Are we, really? I want to find the man who killed my husband and see him punished. Is that what you want? I want the same name as you do -- that of the man who had reason to take the file from your husband, even if he had to kill him to do so. This one is doing 20 years in Portlaoise. This one is in jail in England. This one has got a big family, but they're all eejits. Nobody would trust them. And this one is strictly small-time. Him...and him may be worth giving a shake. I'll have a sniff around for you. Do you really think that you can get one of them to give somebody up? That depends on how good a deal I'm in a position to make. You two make a good team. I just want it all to be over, to close the door behind me, be with my kids and around people who tell me the truth. I regret the deception I had to practice on you, Mrs. Manning. I especially regret that you saw through it so easily. Do what you have to do, Mr. Duquesne. You too, Ms. Beck. You tell me who in there arranged to kill my husband, and I'll tell you who stood most to gain from it -- once I know. As well as all the stuff about the firm, Lee's got all these details about how you financed the properties you and Patrick got into -- who your partners were, the banks you used. There's also a lot of things about Patrick's legal problems. The fraud charges. All the shenanigans he got into when he got desperate. This brings it back. It was great for a while. When we went out for the night, we never knew where we'd end up. Paris by charter jet, Ibiza to go clubbing. Be honest -- sister to sister. You were always a bit jealous of me back then, weren't you? Maybe I was. Just a bit. You had all the money in the world, and you weren't shy about showing it off. I'd worked hard to get where I was, and you just dropped out of school and were living like a queen. Why would Lee care about it? And care enough to put all this together? I have no idea. I need to talk to him -- to Patrick. How do I find him? I would have said in the biggest suite at the most expensive hotel in Dublin. But these days? Did I ever tell you about the time he didn't like how the hotel manager spoke to him, so he tried to buy the place so he could sack him? You did. Can you keep to the subject? I have nothing to do with him anymore. You knew he was back? He came 'round the day he flew back. He wanted to borrow some money for the taxi fare from the airport. He didn't even have that. Can you imagine? How do I find -- Mum. Oh, thanks, love. Nuala. You must know where he is. I'm doing as well as you can when it looks like the jig is up. Thanks for asking. As well as you can do when this is your lunch. Not the culinary razzle-dazzle of the best restaurants in Dublin. I'll take you to lunch. Put that away. Hold on a tick. With the compliments of somebody who was at one point the 15th or possibly 16th richest man in Ireland. It's a touch of the old style there. Yeah. You always had plenty of that. It's all I have left. When that's gone, it'll really be over. I've asked Sarah to lunch, too. How is she holding up? Sometimes I think my sister is made of spring steel. Sometimes I think she's made of strawberry jelly. Be careful what you say to her. About losing Lee? Bringing up the kids on her own? About everything. Are you listening to me? You're wide awake? This is getting through? Everything. Right. Whoa, whoa. You're not staying? I said I'd take you to lunch. I didn't say I'd eat with you. I have a business to run. Feels like an ambush. It's about Lee. I just found out that he put a file together about your property deals. Why would he do that? Why would he care about them? Care about them and hide them -- hide them with a bunch of other things about the firm he worked for? Things...that might have got him killed. I liked Lee. He was one of those quiet Americans. Most of them tell you in the first five minutes about their Irish roots and how their grandfather was in the GPO in 1916. Lee didn't tell any stories about where he was from. That's one of my problems. Look at this. This is what he had. A list of all your properties. Why? Huh? Why go to all this trouble? You know, I actually think I owned this restaurant at one point. If I still did, I'd fire everybody for keeping us waiting this long. Oops. -Yes, sir? -Yeah. I apologize for disturbing your slumbers, but we wish to eat. I'm so sorry, sir. Yeah. The lady will be paying. Can we get back on track? You and Lee. The property deals. Why would he go to all this trouble to get these details? I need to know how this fits in with everything else. I figure you're firing all these questions at me because there was a lot more to good old Lee that met the eye. Why else would we be here? Could it be anything to do with this deal? Or this one? Or this? Yeah. You'll -- You'll have to excuse me. I, um, I won't be having lunch with you after all. I mustn't keep the judge waiting. She has it in for me already. I hope this has been useful. To repeat, however, I have no idea why Lee did what he did or what those papers add up to that you've been waving a little bit rudely, I'd have to say, in my face. I need to know. You're the only one who can tell me what this means. I should say do let's do this again, but even if by some legal loophole they don't put me in jail, I really don't have anything to say about Lee, and I resent being cross-examined. That's not what I'm doing. I have quite enough people in my life firing questions at me at the moment and it is what you're doing. And I have nothing to tell you, so leave me alone. He wouldn't have done this without a reason. I'm not in the dock here. And nor is Nuala. This isn't about me and her. This is about you and Lee. And if that was a mess that you're only now getting around to sorting out, don't bring us into it. Understood, ex-sister-in-law? Oh, come on! PATRICK: I made quite the little scene out of it, too. I was always good at that, wasn't I? NUALA: You were. I don't think she'll be back for more. How much do you think she really knows about that deal with Ciaran? She has no idea of it. Not yet. I hope she never does. She'd never forgive me. It'd be over for me and her as sisters. Do you know that name? Look, I'm a legal officer of this corporation. What I know and don't know is privileged. You do, don't you? Even if I did, I wouldn't be able to share it, whatever the circumstances, with Sarah Manning or anybody else. However... ...if that meant I'd be complicit in a crime, that if by withholding the information I was furthering a conspiracy -- malfeasance or something that would put me on the wrong side of the law -- it'd be a different matter. I'd have no choice. You'd tell her? Look, a couple of months ago, the U.S. authorities extradited two directors and the treasurer of a London bank. None of them had even set foot in the States ever. They're in jail there now, awaiting trial. There are arrest warrants out for the members of staff who did the paperwork. I like those documentaries about American jails, but I don't want to be in one. Put that away. Who you gonna call? Your b-- Your boyfriend, the TD? Wow. How deep is he in? He's not. Look, I know a little bit about how this firm got the planning permission and bank credits for the new plant, the one in O'Hanlon's constituency. He's a man who can get things done. But this is the FBI. The FBI. If they broke into Sarah's house, bugged her car -- And you're... But call him. Go on. Put your head in the noose. I'm gonna do what's best for me. You're gonna tell her? Yeah. If that's what it takes. RYNNE: Barry Lehane? That weasel is the reason I'm serving out my time in traffic. We were both in the running for promotion to inspector. My qualifications would even be a bit better than his. I was ready for the challenge. The promotion was mine for the having. Then things started to go wrong. I started getting sideways looks in the station. People would clam up when I walked by. People I-I'd worked with for years wouldn't want to be seen with me. I found out why. He was putting it around that I was dirty, that I was doing favors for cash. So Lehane was behind it? He got the job, and I got shuffled into traffic. He said, "I told you I wanted that job, Brian. You know me. You know I'd do anything to get it." I'm in two minds whether to go to his funeral or not. But I'm damn sure I'll go to his grave at some point and have a good laugh. Could Lehane have arranged for somebody to be killed in Montreal using his connections here? Lehane was a walking Who's Who of Irish crime, love. Spent his life dealing with it. Sometimes there's a line that gets a little blurred, if you take my meaning. What you're dealing with day in, day out rubs off. If anybody could do it, he'd know who. The rumor mill says that you've made a bit of an enemy for yourself at headquarters, Emer. I might have done. Be careful -- or you might end up like me, staring at a bank of traffic monitors and waiting for the day the pension check is in the bank. I have a single-malt I've been saving for a special occasion. Between you and me, I prefer Scotch to Irish whiskey, but, uh, I can't be seen drinking it in public. Chief Superintendent Nulty has some good news. He's taken back complete control of the operation. Emer Byrne is out the door. Isn't that right, Jimmy? It's no reason for the Garda Síochána to celebrate. Quite the opposite. A good, smart, hardworking detective who also happens to be a decent human being has had her career derailed. It's laid at her own door, but it's a damn shame anyhow. Gumbiner-Fischer is one of this country's most valuable companies. We reached out to offer you whatever help we could. All we expected in return was to be kept informed of developments in your inquiry. Can I make it plainer that after this, I want to have nothing to do with any deals with you or anyone in your firm or the goings-on going on there, whether it comes through your poodle O'Hanlon here or not. That's what I came here tonight to tell you. You came in with your eyes open. And I regretted it the minute I did. And I still reserve the right to take this further once I get my head all the way around the facts. NULTY: I wouldn't be relaxing yet, either of you. DR. HOFFMAN: How much pain is your wife in, Chief Superintendent? Mr. O'Hanlon tells me she's very ill. That's no business of his or yours. We have some people achieving very good results on a new pain-management protocol. Life-changing results. If you would like me to speak to them on her behalf -- We've tried everything. This is new. It's cancer, right? DR. HOFFMAN: It's not a cure, you understand, but a way to make the final months bearable. Family support is vital. So I could make arrangements for you to be with her full time without financial penalty. If she would be more comfortable in another house... ...at the coast, perhaps, even abroad, in the sun somewhere -- it would be part of our therapeutic commitment to you. I'm not ready to retire. A man like yourself has a great deal to offer to an industry such as mine. Of course, there is a vacancy here in Dublin following the regrettable death of Mr. Lehane. What, take his job, you mean? And end up like him? Thank you very much. No. I don't want anything from your firm. What about your wife, Nulty? Siobhan. What about her? I would need an answer tonight, I'm afraid. Before we all leave here. Well, you can sit on your high horse, but at her expense? What kind of man are you? You're not as smart as you think you are, O'Hanlon. You might think you've got a nice little out-of-the-way place here, but nowhere is really out of the way these days. A local guard, knowing it belongs to a TD, keeps a very close eye on it. He's aware of the comings and goings. He keeps a lookout for strange cars, makes a note of regular visitors. We ran a couple of number plates to be on the safe side. A man in public life. One stood out. Do you know your head of human resources, Deirdre Kilbride, is a regular visitor here day and night? Especially night -- night through to the early hours of the morning. She has her own key. This is true, Mr. O'Hanlon? Ms. Kilbride comes here? That's nobody's business but hers and mine. You're a married man. It opens you to blackmail if it's another kind of relation she's looking for. Do you want your mouth washed out for you, Nulty? I'm in a pretty good shape for a man who sits behind a desk all day. -Do you want to try me? -Gentlemen, please. What does she know? What have you told her and what has she told you? She's not a problem, and she's not gonna be a problem. You are sure? Women who get to her age, yeah, the career's going great guns, but they're lonely. Their looks are beginning to fade, and the biological clock is going boom, boom, boom. Leave it to me. I'll keep an eye on her. She's not going to do anything to rock the boat or to talk out of turn, not when she hopes that I'll cause a scandal by leaving my family for her. I've been keeping her dangling with that for a couple of years. It's good for a few years more. I came to... I wanted... Aidan O'Sullivan is going to... I heard. I've been in the hall. Deirdre -- What is Mr. O'Sullivan going to do? You've kept me dangling for a couple of years? -I'm good for a few more? -It's not -- I had to tell them what I thought they wanted to hear. What is it Mr. O'Sullivan intends to do? You're a guard, right? But you're doing it for your wife, not for you. -What did you hear?! -O'HANLON: Deirdre. DR. HOFFMAN: Stay here, Mr. O'Hanlon. I'll talk to her. She'll listen to me. I'll handle this. I don't take orders from you. Now you do. You both do. Perhaps she didn't hear everything, but she heard enough. -SARAH: Sarah Manning. -Sarah? Deirdre. Is there somewhere safe we can meet? What? Is anywhere safe? Maybe not. I need to see you anyway. Can I come 'round? Now? If it wasn't something you needed to know, would I be calling? Of course you can. How long will you be? Not too long. There's stuff you need to be made aware of sooner rather than later. I'm on my way. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 