Acceptable Risk: Season 1, Episode 2 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Acceptable Risk 
 s1e2 - Episode #1.2 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Acceptable Risk (2017): Season 1, Episode 2 - Episode #1.2 - full transcript 
 An international conspiracy seems to be behind the death of Sarah's husband. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Sarah Manning?  Detective Emer Byrne. I'm so, so sorry  to have to tell you that your husband was found dead  today in Montreal. She told you that he was here  for a medical conference, but his body was found  in the red-light district. Or did whoever kill him  want to muddy the waters by dumping him there? Three years ago,  her first husband died. Now this. The guards have been asking  about Ciaran's death. I think maybe they're wondering  if there was a connection. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 NUALA: There was somebody  looking for something under Lee's car. I disturbed him.  He ran away. MacNALLY: It's a very  sophisticated bit of gear. Real-time GPS,  active monitoring system. BYRNE:  I know him. Cormac Walsh. One of the traffic-control  cameras picks Walsh up here. He's meeting a female, 5'7". Watch where I pick  that vehicle up again. The embassy of the United States  of America. Stop the car! Barry? Excuse me. There's a Detective Emer Byrne. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Can you get in touch with her?  I need to see her straightaway. MAN:  Yes, ma'am. He gave chase as the SUV  drove away then collapsed? Yeah. And the driver didn't bother  to check on him? She wanted to get away  as fast as she could. She? It was a woman at the wheel.  I'm sure of it. I wouldn't be able to identify  her. She was driving away,  and I was concerned with him. He said you asked him  about Ciaran's death. I asked him about it, yeah. He was working at the firm  when Ciaran died. Maybe he knew something  we need to know. I can't be opening a new inquiry  into this until I have something to go on. I was hoping Mr. Lehane  would have it. Did you know him well? I know he's good  at what he does. Tough. Smart.  Bull at a gate. He'll keep working away  until he gets the answers, one way or another. Oh.  The kids. Do you think  there's a connection? Lee's death is a murder inquiry,  but there's no proof that Ciaran's was anything  but an accident. And if you prove that it wasn't? There's something very,  very wrong inside that firm. Do you have any idea  what it could be? Me? You worked there. Years ago. You were legal affairs. A lot of things  would've crossed your desk -- things that you couldn't  talk about 'cause you were an officer  of the company. If I knew something, would I cover it up  when it got my two men killed? The same piece of kit that was on your husband's car  at the airport was on your car too,  Mrs. Manning. High-end, well concealed, serial numbers removed  so we can't trace it back. Whoever it was was keeping an eye  on your comings and goings, too. We might have to knock a few  holes in the walls tomorrow when we do the search  of the house. I'll tell them to leave  as little mess as possible, but half the fun of this job is ripping other people's places  to pieces. Go ahead. Tear it apart. Maybe I'm hiding something. Somebody got hit by a car  in the street. They're in the hospital. That's what all the fuss  was about out there. Will you be able to get back  to sleep? I'll stay here. I miss Daddy. He wasn't my daddy. He loved you, Eamonn. You know that. Police in Canada have launched  a murder inquiry into the death in Montreal  of a senior executive of a pharmaceutical company,  Gumbiner-Fisher. The victim has been named  as Lee Manning, an American citizen living  and working in Ireland. What the story with that thing  in Montreal? What happened in Montreal? You really want to ask me that  now? Do I come here  to talk about work, Maurice? Wasn't there some kind of news you were supposed to be breaking  to your wife? I've put a lot of chips  on the table to help your firm out  with that new plant. Item one of the news is  one of your salesmen getting -- getting himself killed. Those are the wrong kind  of headlines. I can see why your boss  is so worried. Lee Manning was vice president of international sales  and marketing, not a salesman. He was vice president  to getting his head blown off, according to the news. You're human resources. You'd have had to handle  the paperwork. There is no paperwork. There's no records of how  he was hired, who hired him, where he went to work  before he came to us. What little there was  led me back to Zurich. There's no files there either. He was hired  on a private contract, and the details are sealed. Somebody's gone  to a lot of trouble to wipe him out  of this firm's system and to make sure  it stays that way. I'm as much in the dark  as you are. I want to be happy. Are you happy? You're not just telling me  what I want to hear again? Would I do that? It's your stock in trade. How else do you get the votes? Redecorating? SARAH:  I'm not in bits, Nuala. At some point, I will be, but right now  I'm holding it together. She had to ask those questions. You have to watch everything  you say to them. I have had more dealings  with the guards than you. How did that work out? I'm sorry. I asked for it. You never really liked Lee,  did you? Let's say I was never quite sure  of him. Then again, I was married  to a con man myself. Lee -- Lee wasn't a con man. The gun.  The lies he told you. He -- He didn't tell me lies.  He -- Not point blank. He just went 'round  the questions when he was asked. That's how Patrick operated,  and I kept looking away, choosing not to see  what was adding up. But he never put my life  in danger the way Lee has put yours  and mine and your kids. The house is clean,  but I'll swing 'round and do a sweep on your car  from time to time just to keep your mind at rest. As far as the gun is concerned,  we didn't find any evidence. But it's a big house. He could have hidden it  anywhere. DUQUESNE:  Detective Beck, why is the German Federal  Intelligence agency interested in the death  of a pharmaceutical executive? His appointment in Montreal  was with the minister of health of one of our state governments. And this man has responsibility  for the budget of several tens of millions  of euros. We've been concerned  for some time that his financial affairs  could open him to blackmail. If Mr. Manning's death  is in any way connected with these affairs... If his job title concealed  another reason for being in Montreal -- one that required him to carry  a gun -- and a gun modified  to military specifications for use  in close combat situations. Seems to have been worth  the risk to him to bring it into Canada even though he has no criminal  record in the United States or elsewhere. Are the Americans investigating? They have no jurisdiction here. This is a Canadian matter. I have spoken with the police  in Dublin. Mr. Manning was not known  to them either. Another thing of interest is that we have surveillance  footage from the hotel lobby which shows him carrying  an envelope as he left with the man he  thought was the security guard. BECK:  And now it's missing. DUQUESNE:  Indeed. A dead American working out  of Ireland for a Swiss company whose death in Canada  excites the interest of the German security services. Quite a headache. I have spoken to our people  in North America. They will handle  the formal identification to spare you  any further distress. You have too much to cope with  as it is. That goes without saying how much I personally feel  the loss you have suffered. Thank you. I thought I saw him just now. "There's Lee," I thought. "He's heard I'm here.  He's coming to say hello." Instead, I...can't get my head  around finding out that I have no idea who he was. I didn't know anything  about him -- anything at all. I do not understand. Nor do I. But if I don't know who he was,  how do I know who I am anymore? Does that make sense? He carried a gun. A gun.  W-Why would he do that? It was not in connection  with his duties for us. I would hope, with all respect, that you could throw some light  on that. Me? -You were unaware he had one?  -Y-- Of course I was. You had no knowledge  of why he might carry one? No. It's a serious matter  to this company. I have to find out  why he armed himself. What does it say  about our security practices? Also, I'm afraid, what does it say about  your husband's state of mind, the serious personal issues  he must have had that we didn't know of? We were happy.  He was happy. You wish to believe that,  of course, but you do not know who he was. Your own words. You do not know  what kind of secret life he had, what else he was involved in  that he kept from you. He didn't keep -- Okay, I didn't know  about the gun. But the personal things,  what we felt for each other -- All I know is the facts  in front of me. In the meantime,  my concern is to do what I can to help you and your children  get through this. Please tell Ms. Kilbride  and Mr. O'Sullivan we will be there shortly. WOMAN:  Yes, Dr. Hoffman. I have no idea  who the real Lee Manning was. You say you have none either. But, uh, I have to be aware that your relationship with him  was personal and mine professional. You think I know something  I'm not telling? Isn't that  what the police think? Isn't that why our head  of security came to your house? Walsh! Cormac Walsh!  Stop! All right. All right. All right.  I'm clean. Are you carrying anything else? No. Show me. I heard you moved on  from bag snatching to bigger and better crimes,  Mr. Walsh. Hadn't realized  you'd come so far. Thinking of going into  the diplomatic service now? The what? You have some  very interesting friends, one of them in the U.S. embassy  out at Ballsbridge there. I have no idea  what you're talking about. You have me at a loss. You went to see her  right after you were found trying to remove the bug  from the car in the airport. Why is she in Dublin? What else has she used you for that she doesn't want to get  her fingerprints on? Have you had a bang on the head? Is that why you're seeing stars  and stripes? Another time, yeah? I can place you at the airport. -It's enough to hold you on.  -It's pretty thin. I know, but it'll do. Come on. -I'm so sorry, Sarah.  -Yeah. Thank you. We can't bring your husband  back, but we can try to make things  financially comfortable for you. I don't need charity. DR. HOFFMAN: We have, uh,  put together a package which will maintain  a standard of living reflecting your husband's  dedication to this company. I'm thinking of the years ahead,  not just tomorrow. I'll leave you in good hands. Take care, Sarah. AIDAN: I was instructed  to make the package as generous as possible, Sarah. I think you'll be satisfied  with it. If you want to take  the papers away and find somebody in trusts  and estates to advise you... I'm sure you did a great job,  Aidan. I trained you, after all. SARAH:  Confidentiality clause. What's all this new stuff in it? Everyone leaving the company  is required to sign one -- to protect our intellectual  and commercial property. I haven't worked here for years. You'll be a beneficiary  of the corporation. You helped draft the language  yourself when you were here. Look, this is difficult,  I know -- for me as well as you. But through your husband, you  may have come into possession of information  about what we're working on -- what new drugs  are in the pipeline, what our research  and investment strategy is. I never asked him about his  work, and he never told me. Is there a problem? It's just standard  legal boilerplate. No, not quite. There's -- There's  some new language in here. I wouldn't have the right  to disclose what Lehane said to me  last night or -- or what we talked about  just now. It could be read as saying I can't even ask  what happened in Montreal. That is not the intention. -It's the way it could be used.  -Not by anyone in this office. By somebody else in the company  with a different agenda? I don't think anybody  has an agenda here. Words mean something. It's a complete package.  Our best offer. My instructions are  that it's all or nothing. Take it or leave it. You mean take it and leave it,  Aidan. Take the money  and leave the questions alone. Okay.  I need to talk to Sarah alone. We need your signature  as soon as possible. Let me know  when you're ready to sign. You can go. The footage doesn't actually  show you removing it. It's your lucky day. I said it was thin. Ah, I kept you out of the rain  for an hour or so. Watch yourself out there.  Don't get out of your depth. More risk of that for you  than there is for me. Believe me. You have no idea the size  of this thing or the forces  you're messing with. Is that right? Hasta la vista. Unless I see you first. Do you even know  what "hasta la vista" means? CORMAC: She just pulled me in  to jerk my chain. They don't have anything,  but we have to meet now. I have to get out of Dublin  fast. You got that, amigo? You're my ticket out -- or you're gonna be back home  on the range before you know it. SARAH: I understand  you have to cover yourselves, and I don't want to be  unreasonable. But when your own head  of security comes to my house last night  and wants to know if Lee's death is somehow connected  to Ciaran's... If -- If he tells me the guards  are beginning to think that, what am I supposed to do? Sit on my hands?  Just let it go? Or try to find the answers? Like the answer  to why the man I lived with had a gun hidden in the house  somewhere -- my house, his house, our house,  the -- the kids'. I don't believe that Lee went to that place  in Montreal to buy a girl. I don't believe that  our marriage was all a joke. I don't believe  somebody killed Ciaran. I want to believe he fell into  the canal like any old drunk because even that's better than the idea  of somebody pushing him in. I have to keep asking  the questions. I can't sign anything  that stops me from doing that. And trust me --  take my word as a lawyer -- That's what that document  is intended to do, whether they admit it or not. The gun changes everything. Everything. You're bleeding lucky  I don't talk to the guard. -What did she want from you?  -What do I want from you? That's the thing  we have to focus on, pal. And you might want to do it  with a sense of urgency 'cause she knows  it was you I met after the ructions  in the airport car park, yeah? Figured out you work  for the stars and stripes out of the embassy here. Let's hear it. There's a couple of people I  need to get away from in Dublin. Far away.  Permanent. Thought you had a nice  little business going here. I have a bullet waiting on me.  That's what I have. I'm an old man already. I want a green card.  Permanent. Legal. Aboveboard.  The real deal, Mr. McCoy. There are lotteries  for green cards. I've used up all my luck, and I'm not getting back  in the queue at my age, thanks. I have two bad knees.  I owe money everywhere. My kids hate me. My girlfriend just left me,  taking the telly with her, and this guard's  gonna keep coming at me and coming at me  and coming at me. I'm still not out of the woods over the other thing  I helped you with. That was  the Drug Enforcement Agency. -Not my department.  -You're not listening. That's very disappointing. This guard's gonna keep me  in her sights. I know her. Once she gets her teeth  into you, she never lets go. She'll be back. That's not gonna be healthy  for me. Someone's gonna take notice and  decide to do something about it, and bang. She knows my name. She wants your name. A green card and a grubstake is my price  for keeping it from her. It was his car, wasn't it? The fella who got killed  in Canada. It says he flew out from  Dublin Airport that morning. That's why you needed me to get  rid of the evidence pronto. Smile for the birdie. If there is anything you need,  Mrs. Lehane -- anything at all --  call me directly. And be sure to let me know  the moment he comes around. The Gumbiner-Fischer family  takes care of its own. Thank you. WOMAN ON P.A.:  Dr. Phelan to pediatrics. Dr. Phelan to pediatrics. Excuse me. -SARAH: Sarah Manning.  -Hi. Donna Welty here from the Canadian consulate  again, Mrs. Manning. I hate to push  at a time like this, but we really need to talk about  those arrangements for the deceased. Yes. Of course. Has anyone been arrested yet? Do you have any idea  who did this? Well, the consulate is not a law  enforcement agency, I'm afraid. Is there a connection  with the work he did? Was it a private matter? Whatever I can do for you  through consular channels, -I will.  -I'm not asking just for me. I'm asking for the sake  of my children. They're in shock now, but when  they ask me what happened, I want to be able to answer. I'll do what I can. That's all I'm asking for -- to know everything's being done  that can be done and for somebody I can trust  to tell me the truth, whatever it is. She wants answers. DUQUESNE:  So do I. I'm fighting a very bad case  of jet lag because I'm hoping  that she will lead me to them. I want answers. We both do. If Lehane doesn't make it,  your office Christmas party is going to be a darn sight  smaller this year. I might have to be thinking  about taking out life insurance just to be around you. Can't you take it seriously  for one moment, please? I am.  Believe me. Your firm is one of Ireland's  biggest companies. If Barry Lehane was on the track  of something that connected Lee  with another death, they'd want him silenced too. That's crazy, I know. But right now  he's in intensive care. A heart attack. As far as we know right now. Now you are looping the loop. What if Lee Manning  had something on someone at the firm, someone who had a hand in  Sarah's first husband's death? That he knew it was murder and what he knew scared him  enough to carry a gun? Scared him so much, in fact,  that he didn't even feel safe flying 3,000 miles away,  where they still got him? Just who in the firm would have  the reach to pull that off? Well, the file he was carrying. It's important to know  whether he died before he could deliver it. If so, it's vital to know  where it is now, whose hands it's in. MAN: We sympathize with the loss  of your employee, Dr. Hoffman, but what our clients do with  the intelligence we supply them is none of our concern. Once the file was handed over to  your representative in Montreal, our connection came to an end. That file contains information  of great value, detailed,  hard-to-find information that this company paid a lot  of money for you to locate. There are those  who would like to know exactly what you had to do  to obtain it, what laws you may have broken. -Is that a threat?  -A statement of fact. I suggest it's in your interest  and that of your firm that you obtain the answers  I'm seeking. And if I tell you  to go screw yourself? Then I would remind you that you are a part of a  multimillion-dollar corporation, but I work for  a multibillion-dollar one. If that file isn't found,  we're both -- in your words -- screwed. Why not get away for a few days? I'll come with you,  help with the kids. We can all just clear our heads. Hide, you mean? Lee was killed in Canada.  Where would we be safe here? Anyway, I have a funeral  to arrange. What do I say? That I'm burying somebody but I can't really tell you  anything about him? Who he really was,  where he was from, what he did  to get himself killed. So just leave the headstone  blank. Would save you a few bob  at the stonemason's. Ah, there's a bright side  to everything. The answers are in that firm  somewhere. I helped build a wall around it. It was my job. Now I have to find a way around  it or under it or through it. And with Lehane in hospital,  I have no idea where to start. The last people I can ask  are the -- the ones who know -- Gumbiner-Fischer's merry men  and women. All those people in their nice  offices on the riverside, who only get to keep that view  once they don't rock the boat. Who maybe really, truly believe that what's good for the firm  is good for them, so it must be good for me, too. Didn't you use to think  like that? I'm on the other side now. If I have to fight them, I will. You were always the one  with the common sense. I was the tearaway. Now you're going to war  with a company worth billions, thousands of people working  for them, on a hunch, an idea that Lehane  planted in your head. What if you heard him wrong? What if you're jumping  to conclusions? Ciaran died, my car was bugged,  Lee's car was bugged, somebody searched my house,  Barry Lehane is in hospital, and, um... Oh, yeah --  My husband was killed. Those are facts, Nuala.  Facts. Mum. There's nothing to worry about,  Rose. Go on.  It's grand. You want to see  some kind of shape to this because then there would be  some meaning. What if there isn't any? I've lost my marbles. I would go to war alongside you  if that is what you want, but please at least go into this  with your eyes open. I should move on? I did that when Ciaran died. I moved on at the speed of  light, and I won't do it again. I just won't. It's a fine speech, Sarah, one my brilliant,  overachieving sister, the corporate lawyer,  might make. Come back down  to the real world. You are a mother, too. I'm scared for myself. I am even more scared for you  and those two. Maybe you should listen to your  screw-up of a sister for once and be a bit more scared  on their behalf. BYRNE:  Are you better now? Yeah.  It was a fall. I slipped on a mat. I heard it was a stroke. Doctors. If 33 years in the Gardaí  couldn't finish me off, nothing will. I'll live forever. So, what do you make of her --  the widow? We could talk about something else if you like. No. It keeps me going,  being in touch. I like to think  I can still be of some use to you young whippersnappers. I'm hardly that anymore. So, is she on the level, or is she in on whatever  her husband was up to that meant he had to carry  a gun? No. She seemed genuinely shocked  when I told her. Just as she looked  knocked off her heels when I broke the news  he was dead. That doesn't mean anything.  You know that. She was a lawyer? Yeah.  She ran the firm's legal side. A highflier. So she'd know  where the bodies are buried. She might even have buried a few  herself. I'm trying not to go there. Hm. Because she's got two kids and a  nice house in the Wicklow hills? And because she made  all the right noises when you told her  her old man wasn't coming back. She's got a bit of education  and a lot to lose, and maybe you want to  believe her. See, you're thinking of her  as a woman -- a woman you had to be the first  to break the bad news to. But you didn't do that  as a woman. You did it as a guard. That's how you have to keep on  thinking about her. DEIRDRE: There are no files  on Sarah's first husband, like there are no files  on her second. Nothing on paper.  Nothing on computer. Payroll records,  annual accounts, evaluations -- all gone. Somebody's gone  to a lot of trouble to wipe him out  of this firm's history. Was it any part of your  professional responsibility to go looking? Well, if something's been swept  under the carpet -- You let it stay there. Unless you're told differently. If there's a cover-up and we're  being used to make it stick -- I do my job.  Do yours. That's how the world  keeps going around. Mm. Look. All that I owed to Sarah Manning was to persuade her to take  the deal. Wouldn't you take it --  for the sake of your kids? If you had any. What about truth?  What about justice? This is legal. Justice and truth are down  the corridor somewhere maybe. Look.  I like this desk. I like this office. I like making a left instead of  a right when I get onto a plane. I thought you would've got used  to that kind of life as well. I don't know if there's anything  here, but even if I did, it's not  my affair, and it isn't yours. -I'll decide that.  -Will you? And damage the firm? Drag me down with you? I'm just asking you to open  your eyes. Well, I-I can't help. Barry Lehane will know  what to do with this. I'll take it to him. Some people can't be bought for  an office and expense account. How's the boyfriend? Maurice O'Hanlon.  That's -- That's his name. He's on his way to becoming  party leader, isn't he? Unless his private life  blows him up. That'll be a tough one to break  to the wife. And the kids. And the media.  Jesus. It's in hand. Let's be very clear, you and I. Sarah Manning might have sat  here once, but I run legal now. You run human resources. We both have to do what's best  for the company, not for her. That's what we signed up for. I think it would be in yours  and O'Hanlon's best interest not to give her inside help. Of course I remember you, Sarah. You worked there, too. We met a few times. And you've had some troubles  yourself, I know. Worse than this, even. Terrible thing. Are you coping? Just. You? All those years  he spent in the guards, the undercover stuff  he couldn't tell me about. When he joined that firm,  I breathed a sigh of relief. And now this. And right outside your house. The guards told me some of it. We were talking. My car alarm went off. He jumped up, flew out the door. He was...  He was trying to protect me. Instinct, I suppose. Duty. He's very big on that. I guess that he was there to tell you how sorry he was  about your husband's death. There was something else  on his mind, too. Did he seem worried  about anything at the firm in the last few weeks or days? It's a big job. He's always worried  about something. He tries not to bring it here. I'm...trying to find answers. And I'm not sure the people  who should be helping me are doing that. He was trying to help. He was on my side. I can't help you, Sarah. If I could, I would --  like he would. But I've told you the truth. I've got to get back  to the hospital. I'll see you out in a moment.  Excuse me. Hi.  Yes. Hello. Yes, he's fine.  Well, no. He's -- He's being looked after. How dare you! I'm... I'm sorry. What gives you the right  to do that when my husband is lying  in his hospital bed? Mine's in the morgue  and he's never coming home, and the answers are in that firm  somewhere. I told you I can't help you. And if Barry can, well, you'd better pray  just as hard as me that he's gonna  pull through this so he can tell you himself. Now, you'd better leave. And if you want to speak  to him -- when you can speak to him --  you know where to find him. Now get out! And shame on you! DUQUESNE: Her husband's murder  was a contract killing. As I told Ms. Beck, it is no accident  that I was handed this case. I started my career  in Griffintown, near the Port of Montreal. The Irish-Canadian gangs ran it. They were dangerous people  with a long criminal tradition. They kill for hire.  They're good at it. One of your more successful  exports. These are the names  of Irish crime families who have connections  in both Montreal and Dublin. It is a long list,  and everyone on it is dangerous. If someone wanted Lee Manning  professionally killed, any one of them  could have arranged it. I need you to help me find out  who it was. Keep your trap shut.  Open the door. -You.  -I said get in. Don't press the panic button,  okay? -Get in.  -What do you want? Just a bit of business.  That's all. Now get in. My husband's due home from work  any minute. You live alone. Yeah. Well, my boyfriend's due  to pick me up. Stop lying to me, Nuala. It's not polite. It's not taking me seriously. Business. That's what I'm here. A commercial proposition. First item on the agenda is  I need you to call your sister. Tell her to get herself  around here, tout suite. Don't tell her  I'll be waiting for her. We'll keep that  as a little surprise. Give me the phone.  I'll dial. That's how we're gonna do this,  okay? Lee Manning worked for the CIA? BECK:  At one time. Several years ago, he was  accredited to the U.S. mission in Bonn. It's not quite clear  what he was doing there, although around then there were  a number of disappearances in the special rendition  program. Terror suspects kidnapped on the  streets, secretly imprisoned. He was running an operation  for the CIA here in Dublin? I think that is unlikely, or the Americans would be  all over this. You have met his wife.  How much does she know? On the face of it,  nothing at all. Perhaps she may have known without admitting to herself  that she knew. That is possible, yes? Till that is clear, one way or the other she must be  a person of interest, too. Do you trust her? I honestly don't know. If she's not involved, then she's got two nightmares  to deal with -- what happened in Montreal  and what happened here. Her first husband drowned here. Worked for the same firm. Hey. Move. I said move! Do what he says, Sarah. I don't think he's here  to hurt us. Who are you? The airport car park. SARAH:  Why are you here? I was just telling Nuala what  a nice place she's got here. What do you do, Nuala? Some of this, bit of that. Must be a bit of money in it. Up and down. As the trampoline salesman said when he was asked  how's business. That's a good one, yeah? Do you want a drink? If this is a social event. Get away from that. You have a nice place too,  Sarah. I've been inside it.  Had a look around. A few months back,  then again the other day. Good taste.  You can't buy it, can you? What were you looking for? A package, I was told.  An envelope. Something to do  with your husband. I'd know when I found  a hidey-hole. The company didn't allow  my husband to bring anything home  from work, so you wouldn't have found  anything. Maybe the company didn't know. Maybe he had reason  to keep it from them. The ins and outs of it  were none of my business. I was just given the job. I've been doing a bit of work  for a Yank, you see -- the one who wanted me to take  the bug off the car, which is how me and Nuala met. Miss America might know why your old man's lying  on a slab in Canada. I could lead you to her. All it's gonna cost you  is money. I took the liberty of having  a screw at Nuala's bank stuff. Be fair, Nuala. You wouldn't grudge a few grand if Sarah here couldn't stretch  to it. She's got the kids to pay for,  after all. It's a private school, isn't it? How do you know  where my children go to school? Do you know why  my sister's husband was killed? I said maybe  the all-American girl does. Maybe she can put you on  to those that might. Giving you  her contact information will come at a price --  50 grand. By this time tomorrow. And if you don't come through  with it or you go to the guards, then you'll never have answers,  will you? Business. That's what this is. A willing seller trying to find  a willing buyer. That's all. Did you know Lee? Did you ever meet him? It's a nice chat. Start putting that money  together, girls. 'Cause if I don't get it  by asking nicely, I might get a bit desperate. And who knows how I'll ask  the next time I come around? Youse both live  in a classy part of Dublin, but that doesn't mean the Dublin  I come from won't come knocking one day or night. We do things a bit different  there if we have to. What do we do? I don't know. I need to make sure Rose  and Eamonn are safe. It's Sarah Manning. My children are doing  after-school activities. I need you to check that they're  wherever they're supposed to be right away. O'HANLON: You want me to nobble  the guards? That's what you're asking me?  That's why we're here? That is not what I'm asking for  at all. A job application at your place  must come with a health warning. Are you enjoying this,  Mr. O'Hanlon? Is that why you agreed  to meet me? I want this place up and running and providing good jobs  for the people who vote for me. What do you want? My staff informs me  that Mrs. Manning is causing some trouble  over some routine paperwork. She seems to be  a little unstable. That worries me. As she casts around for answers, she might direct her anger  at my firm. She's a problem? Like all good lawyers, she can  make something out of nothing, twist the facts  even if nothing is there. If a scandal forced Zurich  to re-examine our position here, this field would remain  as it is. I-I get it. You share my vision  for this plant. I know that. Help me realize it, and you'll  have my undying gratitude. I'll do what I can. There's a couple of people  I can call without making a song and dance. We both want the same thing  for this country. But in view of the heavy loss  of life and limb at your firm... ...I'd be careful about using  the word "undying." Mum. That's him? That's the man who made threats  against against Nuala and me. BYRNE: The same man you saw  at the airport? The one I gave you a statement  about, who still seems to be  on the loose despite all the resources  of the Gardaí. We got off on the wrong foot,  you and I. I regret that. I'd like to put it right,  but if I can't, I'll live. I'll get on and do my job. You decide. I pulled him in, but I had  nothing to hold him on. Did he lay a hand  on either of you? No. He made a threat before he left. That it would be different if we  couldn't come up with the money. Did you have breakfast? SARAH:  What? Did you have something to eat  today? I grabbed something before seeing Eamonn and Rose  off to school. I wanted to keep them home, but I'm trying to keep things  as normal as possible for them. The school promised to keep  an extra eye on them. -But if he's still out there --  -He's not. NUALA:  Are you sure about that? I am. And I asked about breakfast because you need to see  the latest on Cormac Walsh. They fished him out of the canal  last night. He had a bash  to the back of the head, which indicates he was helped  on his way. That's him, isn't it?  The same man? Yeah. NUALA:  Yes. That would have happened inside of a few hours  after he left the house. Your first husband died under the same circumstances,  of course, Mrs. Manning. I didn't have anything  to do with this -- if that's  what you're suggesting. And I didn't push my first  husband into the canal. Is that what you think? I have no evidence either way. Come on, Sarah.  We're out of here. What, you think it's possible? If I did,  you'd be under caution. As it stands -- You have nothing  to hang her with yet. I know who you are. I was big on music for a while. Oh. You were doing your homework  on me too, were you? Went to see some of the shows  you put on. You handled some big names. Yeah.  That was me and my partner. I can't take all the credit.  But thanks. He's back in Dublin  for his court case, I hear. I heard that too. Can we go now? That's all I need from you  for now. Unless there's anything else  about your first husband's death you want to tell me  that's not in the file. I was at home. I got a knock at the door  to tell me he was dead. That's it. And after you left  your sister's house yesterday, you were at home all night, too? -Yes.  -You never saw that man again? -No.  -The man who threatened you? The man who said he could do  what you can't -- tell her why Lee was killed. So why would she want him dead? I didn't say she did. I'm just moving the pieces,  trying to find a pattern. That's it for now. This must be very hard for you,  Mrs. Manning. I understand. If you're thinking about getting  out of Dublin for a day or two, take the pressure off you  and your children, you might want to let me know. Keep tabs on me? To make sure you're safe. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 