Acceptable Risk: Season 1, Episode 5 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Acceptable Risk 
 s1e5 - Episode #1.5 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Acceptable Risk (2017): Season 1, Episode 5 - Episode #1.5 - full transcript 
 Sarah buries her husband and attends the funeral of the drug company's security head, where she confronts Dr. Hoffman, whom she believes is behind the string of deaths. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 I want the name of the man  in the file Lee carried. The man who was gonna  be destroyed because of the information  in it. He had the most to gain  by Lee being killed before he could hand it over. It's not longer vague threats  anymore. She's got something in writing  that could destroy this firm and send a lot of people  to prison. Sarah Manning is coming  straight at Hoffman, and you're a little too close  to him for comfort. I want to find the man  who killed my husband 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 and see him punished. Is that what you want? BYRNE: The death  of Sarah Manning's first husband is now a murder inquiry. I have a witness. This inquiry involves issues  that are way out of your league. All I tried to do was follow  the case to where it led. Your career is over. Lee's got all these details  about how you financed the properties  you and Patrick got into. There's also a lot of things  about Patrick's legal problems. PATRICK: I don't have anything  to say about Lee, and I resent  being cross-examined. I need to know. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 How much do you think she knows  about that deal with Ciaran? She has no idea of it.  I hope she never does. He's taken back complete control  of the operation. Emer Byrne is out the door. After this, I want to have  nothing to do with any deals with you or anyone in your firm. DEIRDRE: There's stuff  you need to be made aware of sooner rather than later. I'm on my way. Deirdre? Over here! She's dead. Did you get a look at that car? Deirdre? Deirdre? Was it Hoffman's?  Did you see? What?  It's...No, I -- Oh, my God.  Oh, my God! She'd been phoning someone. She needs help.  Phone for help. She's gone, man. She's gone. I'll report it.  Put that away. We have to do this right. If she was on the phone,  if she talked to someone, if she told someone that you  were angling for a bribe -- -Take that back.  -You never said no. Take that back! Did you say no?  Did you walk out? I don't think so. She'd be a witness. You weren't here. As long as you don't make  that call, you can deny it. You can say you weren't here,  and nobody can prove you wrong. I'm a senior Garda officer. If she told what she heard,  if she blurted it out, how long do you think  you're gonna be a guard? I did nothing wrong. I was just sounding the two of  you out to see how far you'd go. Yeah. Try that in court.  See how far you get. You never said no. That's enough to hang you. I'll -- I'll take care of this. Go! I have to report a hit-and-run. Mom? Look at the time. We'll be late for school. Oh, I'm sorry. Let's get breakfast sorted. I did it. Sarah. SARAH: Aidan. I wonder  if Deirdre is in the office yet. She called me last night. I've been trying her phone,  and I'm not getting anything. Is she what? No.  She's not here. Do -- Do you not know? You didn't see the news  this morning? WOMAN:  ...head of human resources at the pharma giant  Gumbiner-Fisher. Gardaí have named the woman  as Deirdre Kilbride. The driver failed to remain  at the scene. A Garda spokesperson  has appealed for witnesses or anyone with any information  on the incident to contact the... What happened last night  after you left the cottage? You didn't answer the phone. I called you a dozen times. I told you.  I failed to find her. I drove home. I had some business I had to  attend to the rest of the night. That isn't the car you came in. For security reasons, I am required to change cars  every few weeks. That's the car I took  possession of this morning. Where is the car  you came to my place in? Don't you have an official car  and driver? Where were they last night? That wasn't official business. Or was it to make sure you had  no witness as to who you met? For the love of -- I cared for her.  I really did. If it wasn't an accident -- You know how dangerous  those country roads are. She was in shock when she left  at what she had heard you say. Don't try to pin this on me. Maybe she simply failed to see  the car that hit her or saw it too late -- or perhaps deliberately stepped  in front of it. If it wasn't like that... Then you should go to the police  with your suspicions. I have spoken to Chief  Superintendent Nulty already. He agrees that the meeting  between the three of us did not take place. It would be impossible  to explain his being there and also preserve  his reputation. That is what he values most  in the world. I might take it to the guards. I might just do that. Then tell them everything.  Be fearless. Destroy your marriage  and your career. It's your choice. Look me in the eye and tell me you didn't drive  the car into her. I could ask the same of you. You had a very personal reason  for wanting her out of the way. Not dead. Or perhaps it was  the chief superintendent who drove after her. You'd just left. We heard the bang moments after. I cannot say what happened  one way or the other. That would be for the police  to decide. All I know  is that I wasn't there. Go home to your wife  and children, Mr. O'Hanlon. You have seen what it requires  to play for the biggest stakes. It is not for you. Are you mad, Sarah,  coming to me now? It wasn't an accident. You've been away from the law  for a few years. Maybe you need  a refresher course. We still deal in facts,  evidence. There's no proof Deirdre's death wasn't exactly  what it looks like -- a hit-and-run by a drunk  on a country road. I came to you for some  of those facts a day ago. Like who Lee was gonna meet  in Montreal and what you knew about it. I know about the file  he was carrying. It was gonna be used to threaten  to blackmail somebody into handing Gumbiner-Fischer  a contract they couldn't win  on a level playing field. I have no responsibility  for that. -I'm just a middle--  -Middle-ranking employee. Yes. But those are the ones  who get sacrificed first, Aidan. Remember that I can put you smack dab in the sights  of the FBI. You talked about all us having  blood on our hands. What about you? Do you have any part  in Deirdre Kilbride's death? This crusade you're on,  this obsession you have -- Isn't she a victim of it? If I did somehow cause  her death, I'll have to live with it. Well, that's easy to say. Nothing about any of this,  believe me, is easy. You taught me it's our job  to defend the firm at all costs. You wore down anybody  who attacked it with motion after motion,  dragged out the depositions, countersued, refused to settle  until they had no money left. And you made no apology for it. So how dare you --  you of all people -- come to me  and make demands of me, tell me to put my career  on the line? Your life is on the line, Aidan. Don't you realize that? Nobody's safe,  not even in there. Somebody who knew  Lehane was on digoxin gave him quinidine, knowing  it was only a matter of time before it triggered  a heart attack. Who's next? You want me to help you  pull the company down? After everything  I've given to it? I want you to help me save it. The company. Not Hoffman or whoever else  is pulling the strings. I believe in what we do  in there -- the -- the end result, the drugs we manufacture  that make people's lives better. I know.  And that's what makes this hard. But I'm on my way to see the man  I loved for the last time, the man I'll be burying  next week. They're gonna be burying  Deirdre Kilbride too. How many more? We need to end this, Aidan, and we need to end it now before  there are any more funerals. Niklas Esser. That's the name you want. He's the German  health minister's chief rival. There's even a suggestion he had an affair  with the minister's wife. That makes it personal  as well as political. -He was --  -I don't know this officially. And -- And I'll deny it  if I'm ever asked. He was the subject of that file?  He was Lee's target? I'm not going there, Sarah. As far as legal is concerned,  everything done by our sales and marketing team  is completely aboveboard. Did you not do that sometimes --  turn a blind eye to something it was better not to see  for the good of the firm? Not with something like this. Maybe you'd have done the same if you were still behind  that desk. I wouldn't. Well, you'll never know that,  will you? Thanks for the health warning,  but I can take care of myself. I need Lehane's  annual personal details and details of his compensation, including any  performance bonuses, who signed off on those bonuses,  and the reasons given for them. You want me to investigate  our head of security? Your very ex head of security, who a witness says threw Ciaran  into the canal lock the night he died. I can't just walk into human  resources and grab the files. That's exactly  what you have to do. They do random searches.  If I get caught -- There are fire alarms  all over that building. They won't search a thousand  people rushing to the exits. I can't do that. Oh, you'd be surprised  what you can do. You really would. I've learned that  in the past week or so. What are you gonna do  with Esser's name? Give it to somebody  who can do something about it. Niklas Esser. WOMAN: Gumbiner-Fischer. How may I help you? Yes. I'll just check  if he's there for you. Rebecca, I hate to ask you  at a time like this. I know what you must be feeling. But I need  some of Deirdre's files. Anything that's on the record  about Mr. Lehane. Let me check if Mr. Lehane's  files are still here. Why are you so interested  in those files, Mr. O'Sullivan? I need his personnel  information. At a time like this? When the entire Gumbiner-Fischer  family is in mourning for another loss? T-There's, uh,  an insurance question on my desk as to whether his death happened  on company business or private business. I need background. You may leave, my dear. Take a few days away  from the office. Thank you. These are difficult times  for us, Mr. O'Sullivan. Even more difficult than events  some years ago. To survive, we need  our best people to go beyond their usual professionalism  and thoroughness. I always give 150%. Our ultimate loyalty in the end must be to the people  we work for and alongside. Don't you agree? I appreciate that. Sarah Manning, for example, has no loyalty to this company  or anyone who works here. Why should she?  She is an ex-employee. That's true, Dr. Hoffman, but if there are problems in our  international sales division, if those dates  and travel details in the file -she brought to our attention --  -File? What file? Who saw it? You? Ms. Kilbride, who, alas,  is no longer here? Perhaps there was no file. Uh, Sarah Manning says there is,  that she has it. It is what you know about it  that concerns me at this moment. I'm a legal officer  of this corporation. If anything is wrong here  and I fail to take action, I stand not only to lose my job. I could get struck off. If it's true that  Lee Manning carried a gun... ...that Ciaran Boyle's death and now Lehane's  and Deirdre's are connected -- Then this company is under  attack from one of our rivals. Isn't that the most likely  explanation? Our new head of security -- once we have decided  who that is to be -- will provide the answers. In the meantime... I worry about your safety. My safety? You are a valuable member  of the Gumbiner-Fischer family. It may be the moment, uh,  to send you further afield in your own interest  as well as ours. Do you like to travel? To travel? You have done well  here in Dublin. However,  it can be fatal to a career to spend too long  in the same position. We are an international  corporation. We're expanding our operations  in Singapore. I've spoken on your behalf  to the international division. Singapore. The greatest rewards of all come to those  who put the company first. Dublin today.  Singapore next month. After that, who knows? There is always room at the top  for an ambitious executive. And if this is also a matter  of your own personal safety... Do you still need to see  those files? I don't know.  I don't think so. I need you to be sure. I'm sure. Why not leave Dublin right away? After Mr. Lehane's funeral, say. I think that -- that would be  a good idea, yes. Ms. Kilbride --  her personal life, relationships she may have had, things she might have shared  with you... Uh, we were colleagues. That's all. I don't know anything else  about her. If the Gardaí asked? I'll be leaving Dublin  later today anyway. I predict a long  and successful career for you in this company,  Mr. O'Sullivan. Aidan. Thank you. Now I want every detail of the conversations you've had  with Sarah Manning. Who has she been talking to? Who else is asking questions?  Who's helping her? Where does she get  her information from? She's not working alone. She can't be. Who? There should be music, you know? To give you your cue? Like in the films. "You should cry now.  It's okay." I can't. Not yet. I'm hanging on by my fingertips to the idea  that he only lied to me because he thought it was best  for me and the kids, that his job wasn't him --  it was just what he did, that maybe he was gonna blow  the whistle on that firm because he was sick of the lies, especially the ones  he had to tell me, and everything was gonna change. Mostly I keep thinking about... I keep thinking about how lonely  he must have been, having no one to share with,  not even me. 'Cause when you love someone... ...you want to give them  everything. Don't you? Everything. If he had just said to me,  "Sarah, listen." But that would have put you  in danger. Even so. What would you have done? What could you have done? I don't know. And that's the worst thing  about it. 'Cause I'm never gonna know  the answer to that. Get Detective Byrne. Tell her to come to my office --  now. I can't do it. I'm sorry. If you want to know more  about Lehane, you're gonna have to go about it  another way. What do you suggest? That I go up to his widow  after the funeral and ask her if she knew  that the man she's burying killed somebody for his boss to  prove his loyalty to the firm? You asked me if I wasn't afraid  for my health, Sarah. Well, I am. And you're asking me  to keep going until maybe I get myself killed  too. Did he make a threat? Or did he make you an offer? I have to do what's best for me  and my career. Offer or threat? I'm going to Singapore. First class all the way? -You can laugh.  -I'm not laughing. If I said no to this offer,  I'd be yesterday's man. You're that already, Aidan. Don't you get it? Hoffman gave you a shove,  and you fell over. He won't forget that. Easy touches are no use to him  or the firm. He'll give you six months, then  he'll find a reason to fire you. You're finished. The only danger you are  is to yourself. DR. HOFFMAN: This is a painful  time for Mr. Lehane's family and for all of us  in Gumbiner-Fischer. Though our company operates  all over the world, with tens of thousands  of employees, we never forget that our success  is based on the hard work, dedication, and professionalism of each individual  who works for us. I would like every one here who  worked alongside Barry Lehane to remember the real meaning  of his work -- our work, the purpose we  dedicate ourselves to every day, making the world a better,  safer, disease- and pain-free place  for all of us. Sir? I need some answers. Dr. Hoffman. Detective Charles Duquesne,  Montreal Police homicide. I need some answers, too. I've been trying to speak to you  in connection with my inquiries into the death of one  of your employees in my city. I'm afraid I can't help you. You should speak  to our security advisers. Alas. They're just about to lay  Mr. Lehane to rest -- something of which you spoke  so eloquently. Is it possible  that you could talk to me, confirm that Lee Manning  was carrying a file to a Herr Niklas Esser? I'm not sure where your, uh,  information comes from. We will be appointing a new  chief of security here in Dublin as soon as possible. I'm sure they will be happy  to answer all your questions. Could it be possible  that Mr. Lehane is somehow connected  to that death in Montreal? DR. HOFFMAN:  It seems unlikely, but that is why you must wait  to speak to the experts. I'm sure Mrs. Manning here,  more than anyone, would like to, uh,  get these matters cleared up once and for all. Aidan O'Sullivan told you that I  know what Lee did for you. That's why you're sending him  out of reach of the Gardaí. Unfortunately,  Mrs. Manning prefers to believe in conspiracies  rather than fact. What was Deirdre Kilbride's  death? A way to keep her quiet? As you can see, in her grief, I have become the focus  of her anger. Ciaran was a good man.  He struggled with some things. Lehane and you used one of them  against him -- his drinking. It made the way he died  believable. It made me not dig too deep. Now you've gotten rid  of Lehane too. There was a witness there  that night. While her logic may seem  impeccable, it is deeply paranoid. With all respect, uh, you should be aware of  Mrs. Manning and her fantasies. I hope for the sake  of our past friendship that you seek expert help  as soon as possible. Medical help. I cannot allow a sick woman  to defame this company. Please do not allow her  to put your investigation on the wrong track. Hold on.  Hold on. Let him go. My wife is unwell. I've been thinking of taking  some time off to care for her. It may be months  rather than weeks. Maybe longer. I'm the third generation  to work in the force. We have no children,  so I'll be the last. You never know what you'll find  in yourself until the time comes. Then you'd better hope  you've got a backbone. You have that. Takes 15 minutes to clear away  30 years of memories. Thirty years of doing  the right thing -- or trying your best to. How many decisions do you take  in the job that we do every day? Ten? Twenty? How many in a career? It only takes one wrong one  to... Remember that  when you're sitting here. Because one day you will. I've reassigned most of the work  that I've left undone. It wasn't much. I always ran a tidy desk. There's this one file, though. You know which one it is. You opened it. I made you hand it over. Do you want it back? It depends  on what the conditions are, sir. Forget the "sir." You can have it if you want it.  No conditions. Follow it where it goes,  to whoever it goes to. I'll give you what help I can, although I won't be  behind the desk. I'm recommending  we officially reopen an accidental drowning case  as a murder inquiry. Then do it. I have a witness  who can identify the killer as an ex-guard, one of our own. As I said, to wherever it goes. But you'd better be sure  of your facts. I am, and I know where it goes. To one of Ireland's most  important companies. Well, if anyone tries to put  pressure on you to stop it, I'll back you as far as I can. I'll also be investigating  a hit-and-run, which could also point back  to the company and the man who runs it. Well, if that is material  to your inquiry. It is if I can place him  at the scene. Can you do that? Not at the moment,  but I'm hoping to do so. But he's very good  at covering his tracks. Well, you can't even  interview him unless he agrees. The dead woman worked  for the firm. Can you tell me anything  about her or the night she died? As I said, I'll help you as far  as I can as a fellow guard. Not as a witness. That is my offer, my commitment. The accident was reported by  a TD who had a cottage nearby. There were questions asked  a few years back as to how close he was  to decisions made in the siting of a pharmaceutical plant  in his constituency. If the facts lead you to him -- What if it leads  to someone else, too, given his connections, some of them in very important  jobs in high positions? Well, then you must do your job.  Isn't that clear? The job comes first. You do what you have to do, and I'll help you...  as far as I can. Do you understand?  As far as I can. Do you understand  what I'm saying? I do, but I will take this  as far as I have to. That's your last word? Doesn't it have to be? I need to spend some time  with my wife. I would like to spend  as much time as I can get. That might be out of your hands,  sir, if I do my duty. That's all you can do,  Detective Byrne. Emer. You do your duty to the force, and I'll do my duty  to the people who love me and look up to me and need me  to be there for them. Aren't you supposed to be  working on that file? I tackled Hoffman head on  after the funeral. It just came out. He didn't even blink. Took it on the chin. He told me how worried he is  about how I'm doing upstairs. And for a minute there,  I catch myself thinking, "Could he be right? Am I out of my tree? What am I thinking of,  taking on a man like that and a firm that big?" It's the lunatics  that get things done, Sarah. The rest of us are at home  watching the telly, doing the scratchers. Please find out for me  who to call in regard to a concern for  the mental health of a mother. I'm concerned for her young  and vulnerable children. BYRNE: There was just you here  last night, Mr. O'Hanlon? After you heard the bang,  you went outside to look, you found her there, but you  didn't see the car that hit her? That's right. You're a bit out of the way  up here. Any idea why she was in  the neighborhood or what business she had  this way? I don't, no. You didn't know her, then? I might have been in the same  room with her the one time. Uh, a week or so ago, maybe. Just the one? Yeah, at a press thing,  uh, at the place she worked. Gumbiner-Fischer? It's possible she was there at  the go-ahead for the new plant. I meet a lot of people. She wouldn't have been here  last night at the cottage for any reason? I'd have put it in my statement. Of course. You come here  for a bit of peace, work on your paperwork  and your speeches. So you were here all night? Then that's it. That's all I have for you. Thanks for your time. You've got a lovely  little place, you have, here. Oh, if you ignore  the leaky roof. Why aren't local guards  handling this? Why a serious-crimes detective? We wouldn't be sending a guard  on a rusty old bike to talk to a member of the Dáil, somebody in the government  like you. Then again,  they've had a run of bad luck at the firm she worked for. Gumbiner-Fischer has landed  on my desk again. I'm just looking at anything  that has any connection to them. Mm.  I'm sure you'll do a great job. I'll see you out. Chief Superintendent Nulty  passed the file on to me. Oh.  Good man, Nulty. He'll be missed. He'll be what? He's out. You didn't know? Hasn't made the papers,  but I'd have thought someone with their ear to the ground  like you might have heard. He cleared out his desk  this morning. Do you know him? I know everybody --  everybody that matters. And I know the people  they answer to. Everybody answers to somebody,  don't you find? You heard a bang  and you came straight out here, but you didn't see the car? No. I'll take a walk up the road.  Thank you again. And yes, I do find that  everybody answers to somebody. In the end, though,  we all answer to the law, however high up the pole we are. That's the theory. In practice? BYRNE: Those tire tracks --  You had company last night? Might have slipped your mind? The press were here,  the TV people, when it got out that I was  the one who made the call. A lonely way to die. Why was she even out of her car  in the first place? Why was she even within 20 miles  of here? If you have any questions  you'd like me to answer, I'll be glad to hear them. As it is,  I have to get back to my desk. I have a pile of papers  this high I have to get through. You're an important man,  Mr. O'Hanlon. A very busy man. I won't get in your way  any more than I have to. Thank you, Detective. My lunch with Patrick. How did that go? Did he tell you  what you needed to know? The last thing  he wanted to talk about was that property stuff  Lee was digging into. He made a song and dance  about me even asking. Left so fast,  he nearly knocked a waiter over. I don't know how right  in the head he is these days. The coke. The booze.  Everything he's been through. Hadn't you better be picking up  the kids? -Do you want me to do it?  -When you set the meeting up, did you tell him  what I wanted to ask? He knew it wasn't  just for old times' sake. But can you remember  what you said -- exactly how you put it,  the words you used? Now, here's the thing, Sarah. I know you are going through what nobody should have to  go through, but I am not giving a deposition  here. What I said, what I didn't say,  the exact words -- He made the same complaint -- that I was talking  like a lawyer. I'll go get them. You're off, too, now? So you don't have to give me  any answers? They're my kids.  I'll pick them up. And when I come back, I'll ask  you like a sister, not a lawyer. What is it in that file that Patrick doesn't want me  to get the answers to, that, God help the pair of us, you're trying to keep from me,  too? Would you pop into my office  for five minutes, Mrs. Manning? One of the teaching assistants  will look after Rose and Eamonn. We won't be long. We just need to have  a quick chat. Is everything okay?  Are either of them in trouble? Before we start,  I just want to assure you that everything discussed here  is completely confidential. We received a call concerning  you and your children. Who from? I'm afraid  that's also confidential. We're a mandated reporting body. We're obliged  to take any concerns that are brought to our  attention -- even anonymously -- seriously and pass them on  to the duty social worker at the Child and Family agency. Concerns. That's what we've done. We have an obligation  to tell you that. Concerns about what? While there were no allegations  of physical abuse, there were concerns  about your children's welfare. Does that mean  I'm going to be investigated? This is a difficult situation  all 'round. We have done  what the law says we -- Does that mean  I'm going to be investigated? A report has been made. It's out of our hands now. That's all we can say.  That's all we are allowed -- I get it. You don't have to give me  a name. I know. I'm not losing my kids  because of you. You know who I am? You know I've been working  with the police in Dublin? You have many family connections  in Canada, especially Montreal. One of your relatives is currently in the Bordeaux  prison there, awaiting trial. It's a tough place. Someone was recently beaten to  death there by another prisoner. Your relative  would like to make bail. I have connections  that could help with that if in return you'd be willing  to give me one name -- the name of the man who was  hired to kill a Mr. Lee Manning on behalf of a man  named Niklas Esser. KROLL: The photographs  were all taken in studio. I didn't want to get caught  in the Irish weather. -MAN: Really?  -Uh-huh. Well, I'm pretty happy  with that one. Yeah. Hoffman.  Gumbiner-Fischer. We met before,  at a reception at the embassy. I remember, of course,  Dr. Hoffman. Thank you so much  for coming today. These are all yours? Ah.  A hobby. A little more than that, surely. These are excellent. Three years  isn't really long enough to get under a country's skin,  but, um, photography helps. This is your first year  as legal attaché, I believe. Yes.  That's right. And afterwards,  provided nothing goes wrong -- Paris?  Rome? Possibly. Provided nothing goes wrong? I can't see that anything  is likely to. I have just attended the funeral  of my head of security. He tried to intervene in an  illegal surveillance operation carried out by an employee  of your embassy acting in the name of the FBI. I can't have this conversation. Your employee installed  tracking devices on vehicles belonging to  one of my workers and his wife. This man was later murdered  in Montreal. His wife is being persuaded  to work with your employee in attacking my company. I can't even listen to this. That's unfortunate. I came to you seeking a way  to resolve this matter quietly. I have a very efficient press  and media operation. You leave me no option  but to raise this in public. I'm listening. Your agent seems obsessed with  making a case against my firm. I know nothing about this. Really?  But you should have. Isn't that what Washington  will say? We have very good connections  in Washington, lobbyists at the highest levels. If somebody is trying to develop  a legal case here, I can't derail it. FBI personnel are required  to check in with me when they arrive. They're free to follow  their own leads after that. It's our, uh, company policy to spend a certain percentage  each year on art. I would be honored  if you would allow us to purchase  some of these photographs to hang on our conference room  wall. Are you trying to bribe me? I am trying to resolve  a situation that will embarrass you  more than me. And embarrass the FBI even more. I am not for sale. My legal department tells me  you have ultimate responsibility for agents of the FBI in Dublin. If your firm has nothing  to hide -- We are the most regulated  industry in the world. Every single decision we make is  scrutinized over and over again. I'm prepared to stand by  the decisions I have made in the years I have directed Gumbiner-  Fischer's operations here. Are you prepared  to stand by yours? Yes, I am. And the ones  which have been made by others, for which you will be blamed? And what are you offering  instead? We can talk of that later -- if we can come  to some agreement, if our interests can be aligned. If that's not possible, then... Excellent work. I mean that. The work, perhaps,  of a gifted amateur -- forgive me --  rather than a professional. But, uh, if you make  the wrong decision now, you will have much time  ahead of you to practice. All the time in the world. BYRNE: You bugged Lee's car.  You bugged Sarah's car. Your real target was Hoffman.  Did you bug his car? Off the record? I'm back on the case officially. I can get you everything  you need, off the record or on. Were you tracking his car? Yes. You can tell me where he was  last night? If I get the file  from Mrs. Manning. If we can make a trade. You tell me where he was  last night, help me place him  at the scene of the murder, help me nail him for the sad and violent death  of Deirdre Kilbride, and you can get what you need  to bring that firm down. How's that for a trade? Patrick? I thought you said we'd have  no more to talk about -- about Lee or anything. This wouldn't exactly be  a social thing, Sarah. Is this about that list  of Lee's? The list, yeah. What do you say, Sarah? For old times' sake,  for Ciaran's sake, say -- if you can stretch to it. Let's put a bottle of champagne  on the table. This is gonna be tough  on both of us. What a complicated life  you're leading these days, ex-sister-in-law. I thought I'd managed to tie  my affairs in knots, but yours currently sound,  you'd have to admit, less fact than fiction. What's your story been, Patrick? Fact or fiction? A bit of both. Maybe a touch of true-life crime  thrown in there, too. Now they've got me cold. I walked into Doheny  and Nesbitt's the other day, and somebody  who used to be my closest friend looked right through me  and walked out. I'd turned into a ghost. What do you have to tell me? Or are you just gonna keep  dancing around it? Three years back --  the date's important -- it was just before Ciaran died. Go on. I'd lost the lot by then. Me and Nuala were divorced. I was still kidding myself  I had a comeback in me. Then Nuala turns up  out of the blue one day and said she might have found a  way out of the mess we were in. She takes me to see  this piece of property. I mean, talk about a location. Next to the motorway.  Next to the airport. A greenfield site once you cleared the buildings  away that were on it. We tried not to get too excited  about it, but if we could get it financed,  we'd be back in the game again, use the property deal  to get back on top. First stop,  we had to clear the title. And it came up as belonging  to a little firm called Gumbiner-Fischer. Well, they'd bought the property  years back and were still sitting on it,  even though they'd done a lot of development  on other sites, not one of which was as good  as that. They owned it? Freehold,  with commercial zoning rights. And anybody  with a nose for property would know there was a bit  of a mystery there. If you weren't gonna build  on it, why not flip it, make a killing? There was what you might call  an echoing silence from their property department  when we approached them. And then a flat "no." They weren't interested  in selling at any price. Me and Nuala were thinking maybe  it was a negotiating tactic. We'd need a bit  of inside information, maybe a word on the QT with somebody who could get  the goods. The obvious person to go to  was Ciaran, right? He was head of PR then. The obvious person to go to  would have been me. You were the legal officer  of the firm. You wouldn't have touched it  with a barge pole. There would've been all sorts of  conflict-of-interest issues -- a concept, by the way, that has  always driven me up the wall. I mean, isn't life and death  a conflict of interest? Ciaran worked for you  on this deal? There wasn't a deal. Not until we could find out why the company were sitting  on the land. I mean,  you had to be kept out of it, at least until it was  a done deal. But why?  We -- We didn't need the money. We had good jobs. This was wealth, not a salary. And you were earning three,  four times what he was, and that bothered him. I mean, if he could make  that killing -- bad choice of words, but... Well, he'd get some  of his self-respect back. He never lost it. The drinking. You never asked  what was really behind that? What did he agree to do for you? Ask around inside the firm,  keep his eyes and ears open, take some of the people from the  property department for drinks, pump them for information. He was good at that.  It's what he specialized in. Spy for you? Research it. Look, the deal never came off. The fraud squad were starting  to take a closer look at how I'd been keeping my head  above water. And I legged it. Nuala started her lettings firm, and neither of us gave  that piece of property or the company who owned it  another thought. Not until you found those things  in Lee's file. Hm. At one point, I'd buy that  by the crate. That's the sound that greets you  in heaven. It's o-- It's okay.  I'll -- I'll pour. Thank you. Using Ciaran seemed like  a good idea at the time. I'll admit I was doing  a fair old bit of coke then. But if what Nuala says is right, if you really believe  you have proof that the security chief  had him bumped him off, well, then it points straight  back at the pill pushers. Somebody didn't want him  poking his nose any further into their business. If Ciaran died because of me -- and maybe somehow Lee did too,  then... ...that's just another on the  list of things I'm guilty of. And as a judge pointed out  yesterday -- as many of them have pointed out  over the weary years -- I have brought nothing  but trouble down on everybody and everything that I have  involved myself with. And I can't make amends  for that, but I can show that I'm sorry. Ghosts have to do that to find  the peace they're looking for. It's been a great story, yeah? I mean, I lived it, and I can  barely believe it myself. All that's missing  is the big finish. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 