Two Sentence Horror Stories: Season 2, Episode 9 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Two Sentence Horror Stories 
 s2e9 - Trilogy - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Two Sentence Horror Stories (2017–…): Season 2, Episode 9 - Trilogy - full transcript 
 Three episodes from Season 1 ('Ma', 'Guilt Trip' and 'Singularity') are compiled into this hour long episode. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 _ OpenSubtitles recommends using Nord VPN from 3.49 USD/month ----> osdb.link/vpn _ You scared me! Who scared who? You left my front door open. I thought someone broke in. Well, I wouldn't have to worry so much about you if I could see you more often. I know, I know, I'm sorry. I'm just so tired and overwhelmed. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Things are just piling on right now. I have this huge test coming up. It's not enough that you're a full-time nurse. You gotta be in grad school too? Eneh, it's too much. You're not taking care of yourself. I only have three more months to go. Once I'm finished with this MBA in Healthcare Administration, I can actually really start helping people get the care they deserve. And this is amazing. Thank you. What are you doing? Come see. I still don't know what I'm supposed to be looking for. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 The beads. - Weren't those there before? - Huh? You know this is actually your altar, not mine though. If you didn't come change the plantains every week, the whole thing would just turn into a fruit fly factory. Blasphemy. If you're going to work yourself into the ground, you're going to need all the protection you can get. I actually can't believe we're twins. We're like night and day. That would make us two halves of a whole. Ooh, maybe you'll be happy with what else I dug up. Remember this? _ Tell me when to stop. Stop. "The Two Brothers". "Once there were two brothers who could talk to each other "without using their mouths. "All day long they would tell each other "jokes at school using... "Only their minds." "But one day, the younger of the brothers fell very ill "and passed away suddenly without warning. That's the part that always made me cry. They didn't have Shango to protect them. You see how that works? Oh, my gosh. The unfortunate brother was buried and put to rest. But soon the older brother began to hear sounds in his head. That not even the doctor could explain. You okay? Yeah. Just a headache. I'm tired though. You can go crash in the guest room. Maybe sleep now and we finish the story tomorrow, hmm? Okay. Adaora. What's wrong? What's wrong? Let me... Hey, let me see? Let me see. Adaora! This is ridiculous. You should've been seen by now. Please sit down. Three hours is BS. Are you kidding me? I saw that woman in the waiting room. She got here at least an hour after us. This is... Excuse me, doctor. My sister may have had a stroke and we've been waiting here for almost three hours and... I'm sorry ma'am, but you have to understand there's a triage. I'm a nurse, I know what triage is. I also know that I've seen patients who got here after us, and yet they've been seen. I'm going to ask you to calm down. You know, it's great that you're a nurse, but you're not a doctor. She complained of a headache, she's been listless, might have lost motor functioning on one side of her... I appreciate your diligence, and when the attending comes, they will too. You're not hearing me. She does not appear to be an emergency. They would've noted that at intake. And as a nurse you must know there are many things which can present as a stroke. - Anxiety, insomnia, drug use. - Drug use?! Do you really think I haven't noticed how this hospital has been treating its black patients? I do not appreciate your insinuation. Now your sister will have to wait her turn just like everybody else. Or you're welcome to go to another hospital, one where you'll feel more... comfortable. Oh, my God! Adaora! Stroke of the basilar artery, permanent vegetative state. It didn't have to happen this way. If you had just listened to us. If you had just believed me. We know how difficult this is, but you're going to have to make some decisions. Given her condition you may want to consider... No. I'm not giving up on her. Well in that case, your best bet is probably a hospice facility, as we don't offer those services here. With patients such as your sister, we often refer them to Serenity Valley. That's probably your best bet. Serenity Valley. Eneh... Help me! In the dark... Don't want to be alone... When, when, when the shadow comes. Excuse me, hi. Lucy, right? The poor woman in my sister's room had this food just festering by her bed, and I'm pretty sure she's developing pressure ulcers from not being moved enough. This here is completely unacceptable! Honey, I hear you. I do the best I can. I really do. But I know it's not enough. Two nurses on a floor of 30 patients is a crime. Management just doesn't care about anything but cutting costs. Why the hell is it so understaffed? Why do you think? Is this management? Mm-hmm. Right, I'm going to have a little conversation with them. You go ahead. I think I can tell you what he'll say. "You're welcome to go somewhere "where you feel more comfortable." It won't be the first time. Your twin is lucky to have you. A lot of folks don't have anybody advocating for them. People never guess we're twins. Really? I just feel it. There's a lot of energy between twins, you know? Of course you know. You guys have powers. Well, she's my best friend. But I don't know about powers. I've been working in hospice a long time, and let me tell you, I've seen things that defy logic and science. You keep talking to her just the way you always do, and maybe one day it'll help wake her up. _ Adaora, tell me when to stop. Lucy! Lucy! She moved her finger. Keep talking to her. No, no, no, no. Please, no... Please no, no, no, it hurts... No. Eneh! Eneh. Help me! Hey, hey. After he's done with me, he's coming for you next! Adaora, move your feet for me if you can hear me. I know you can hear me. Please, please, please. My sister, please. Just wake up. I'm trying, Eneh! I am so scared. You okay? Don't give up hope. She needs you to be strong for her. "The brother opened the door, but there was no one there. "The knocking he heard was just in his head. "It was his brother. "Knocking, knocking, "trying to tell him that he was still there. "Let me in. "Let me into your mind." Adaora. Eneh, hurry. Help me! Eneh, hurry. Help me! Eneh, hurry. Eneh, help me. Help me. Adaora! Adaora, I can't get in! Adaora! Adaora, you moved my body with your mind! How did you do that? Shango, help us! Help us! Adaora, are you there? I'm here Eneh, my sister. I feel your strength. It's too strong! I don't know what to do. Pray with me. Shango, great God of thunder look over us. May you hear us now in our time of need. We, your daughters, cry out to you. Shield us from this evil. Please somebody help me! Please somebody help me, please! Serenity Valley, Lucy speaking. Oh, yeah. Absolutely. Okay, thank you so much. The residents really love her. She pays so much attention to them. It's a miracle to see how well she's doing. We split the difference. Will you bring me some tea, sis? Maybe a little snack? _ _ 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 