Two Sentence Horror Stories: Season 1, Episode 1 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Two Sentence Horror Stories 
 s1e1 - Ma - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Two Sentence Horror Stories (2017–…): Season 1, Episode 1 - Ma - full transcript 
 An anthology series of terror features diverse characters facing primal fears in spine-chilling situations that stretch past daily routine. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 I went on a date with a really wonderful guy. Now I shouldn't get my hopes up, but this one seemed different. I was really nervous, so it didn't start out great. So that's cool. Um, so you design houses? I work with clients and I print 3-D models to help them visualize their designs. Mmhmm. Yeah, sorry, it's a little dull. What about you? 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 How long you been at the hospital? Uh well, been working there for a while. So I did um, my first uh... My mom always wanted me to be a doctor, but I can't stand hospitals. Sorry. Um, been a while since I've... It's fine. I was about to leave, but then, something happened. Ken? - Hey, Sharon. - Hey. Are you back at work yet? Still on leave. Being a mom suits you. You have got this glow. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Oh. Could I uh, I mean is it, could I hold him? Yeah, of course. You ready? Let's say hi to Uncle Ken. Hi, okay. - Yeah. - Okay. ♪ He seemed nice and a really good guy ♪ Reminds me of my little Iris. Wait, you're a mom? Nine months and a week. I'll let you guys get back to it. It was great seeing you. Bye Gregory. You didn't say you have a child on your profile. It's usually not the most attractive quality to men. So, is that a problem? No, no, I love kids. All I want to be is a good dad. Family is everything, so that's really good to hear. ♪ And a really good guy ♪ ♪ Not like ♪ Oh, I almost forgot, brought something for the house today. Perfect. Goodnight my little love. Hey. Hey. He finally stopped crying long enough to take a bottle. Sorry, he's extra fussy tonight. Now, where were we? How old is he? Seven months. Mm. Whoa, I you're meant to breast feed 'til they're a year old. Mm, yeah, he never latched properly and I missed my boobs being just mine so the bottle was easier. Stayed full longer, less crying. Don't report me to the parent police. People will say I'm a bad mom because I don't want my nipples to look like dinner plates. Hm, well, they're right. What? Mm, you're bad. Well. Okay. I will be bad just for you. You have a strange man in your house. And you ignore your baby. You don't breast feed. You're a bad mother. Wait, what? You're bad. What the hell, dude? No! Shh shh. Shh. Okay, shh. She was no good for you. You'll be okay. It's better this way, you'll see. Shh, shh. Uh, I'd like to report an abandoned baby. Hi, how was the date last night? Good, really good, actually. It started out a bit awkward, but then something shifted. I'm seeing him again tonight. That's great, how is Iris? You'll have to bring her in soon. Soon. I just worry about her with new people. I know I'm being a bit paranoid, but I couldn't bear it if something happened. I completely get it. Yeah. You wouldn't believe how fast my heart was beating all night. Well, my stories aren't that interesting. I just, I feel like I go to work, I deal with clients, come back home, look after Iris, repeat. It felt so good to tell him about you. If I could stay home all day with her though, I would. She's everything to me. Being a mom is everything that I'd hoped it would be. So Iris' dad, doesn't ever help out? Uh my ex wasn't ready to have kids and I kept miscarrying. He couldn't take it anymore. He said we had to stop and he left. Not everybody's cut out for parenthood. What about you, your parents? I never knew my father. And my mother wasn't exactly the best mom ever, like, there were all sorts of guys around. I remember the one day, I came home and she had just left. Later I felt relief and angry. But everybody's got their baggage, right? And I just want to be a parent, you know? I just want to be a good father. You're gonna be a great father. I mean I think it's great that you have it all. You're a great mother and uh, you have a full-time career and and uh, you know, most, most women couldn't balance both. You cold? Yeah. Here, put this on. No, no, no. Put it on. I have a better idea. I haven't been held like this in a really long time. It feels like home. I know. I feel the same way. I'm sorry, I'm sorry. Right, not here. Let's go to your place, we'll snuggle up, put Iris to bed. Maybe we can arrange something after a few dates, you know, get a hotel? I just, I have to take it a bit slower. I just have to get to know you better. Understand? I understand that, you know, I'm good enough for a hotel, but not good enough to go to your home... No, that's not what it was at all, that's not what it was... No, no, listen, I'm not gonna be insulted by a bitch like you, you understand me? You work all the time and you have a little baby at your house, that's disgusting. Let me go! Hey, are you okay? Yeah, I'm good. I guess I was wrong about him. Dammit. Hana, can we talk? Leave me alone. I got nothing to say to you. Look, you know me. You know that I'm a good guy. Hey, ready for our 3:00? What, 3:00? Sorry, I'm just scattered. Second date didn't go so well, huh? You could say that. Hey look, don't worry. It's just a new client consult. It's Miss Mae, isn't it? Well let's get to it, shall we? Yeah. Uh, we offer several remodeling packages depending on your needs. What I need is more space because my family's growing. I need to provide for them. How sweet. It's okay. Shh, it's okay. You think you're so different, but you're the same as all the others. You think you're this great mom, but you're bad, bad, bad. Shh. Please don't hurt me. Don't hurt you, I'm not gonna hurt you. I would never hurt you. Now you're working all the time, you're a mom, you're dating. I'm just trying to help you and especially Iris. You think she'll like me? Stay away from my baby! Hi beautiful. It's nice to finally meet you. What the hell? It's gonna be fine, it's okay, it's all right. All right, Iris, mommy's here, mommy's here. It's gonna be fine. I won't let him take you away, no. I know. Oh. Please, I'm not gonna tell anyone. I'm sorry, love, I'm so sorry. I couldn't protect you. I wish I had been better, it is so hard to tell what people are like on the inside. He did us a favor though. Seeing you with him, even for a moment, it made me realize something. Every baby needs a family, a perfect one. Isn't he handsome? Oh, shh, shh, shh, shh, okay. It's okay, mommy's here. ♪ He'll never leave or hurt you or me ♪ 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 