Silent Witness: Season 9, Episode 1 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Silent Witness 
 s9e1 - Ghosts: Part 1 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Silent Witness (1996–…): Season 9, Episode 1 - Ghosts: Part 1 - full transcript 
 The team is shocked when Leo Dalton's wife and daughter are killed when a fancy sports car careens out of control and smashes into a café. The police are puzzled by the cause of the crash but believe the driver may have been involved in a identity theft ring when they find several several passports and ID cards in the vehicle. Meanwhile, Nikki must perform urgent autopsies on two bodies found floating in the river. When she finds fingerprint evidence linking one of the bodies to the car accident, it becomes apparent that the two cases are linked and the police may have been less than forthcoming about their investigation. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 You're wrong. But we're given all the background and it doesn't affect our judgment. That's different. We're witnesses to the court. It's our job to be impartial. Why doesn't the jury have a right to the same facts? Can l have a bit of help here? They shouldn't be influenced by what somebody may or may not have done in the past. Who shouldn't? Leo is deeply upset about defendant's previous being disclosed to juries. It's prejudicial. Nikki, can you take this one? If they have the defendant's personal history, they are better able to reach the correct verdict. You can't say someone's guilty because they committed a similar crime before. Yes, you can! Thanks. Teresa. Hi. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Cassie, say hello to your dad. In a minute. She's texting. Do you know what time you'll be home at the weekend? One latte and one Diet Coke. Cheryl's having some people over for drinks. Thanks. I'm running late. Do you mind if l call you back later? OK, no problem. Is that phone surgically attached to your hand? I'm not disagreeing with you. ♪ Testator Sile-ens ♪ Costestes e Spiritu-u ♪ Si-ilenciu-um. ♪ Damage to the rear of the skull. It's not immediately clear whether it's been caused by a deliberate blow to the head or a fall. Ah. Professor Dalton. I'm sorry. We're a bit snowed under today. Can it wait? 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Do you think Leo's OK? Another...case or something. Leo? l have to go to Sheffield. What for? Could you take over for me in there? You'll have to work from my audio transcript. Leo? And you're all prepared for the Summers inquest tomorrow. The orange file. Harry will have to stand in for me at the Regional Committee Meeting. What's happened? There's been an accident. My family have been killed. Do you want us to come with you? No. l prefer to be alone. l want to be. Professor Dalton? Detective Sergeant Erin Jacobs. I'm very sorry for your loss. I'd like to see them, please. What have you got? l did a preliminary check at the scene. I've got a clean thumb print on the interior mirror and some partials on the steering wheel. Have you run them? Sorry, no match. Driver hasn't got a record, so he's not a villain. He's a villain all right. He just hasn't been caught yet. We've swabbed the blood. I'll get it sent on for DNA analysis. How long before we get the results? There's a backlog at the lab so it could be two or three weeks. Can you get it fast-tracked? We can send it Premium Service and get it back in 24 hours. As long as it's on YOUR budget. All right. I'll authorize that. Leave the car for now. Let's get to the scene. You say the driver lost control? That's what we believe at this stage. On what evidence? Well, we won't know anything for sure until SOCO and Tramic Investigation have finished their examinations. Was he injured? The driver? I'm afraid we don't know. The driver left the scene of the accident. l need to see it, where it happened. Of course. l wish l was with you both. Those are the first markings we found. We reckon here he was doing about 40. He fishtailed round the corner. This him too? Yeah. So, what, he's lost control and he's over-correcting? Has he hit the brakes? Yeah, the car's got top-of-the-range ABS brakes. So it will be nearly impossible to lock the wheels. ABS only leaves marks from skids in a sideways direction. So he's lost control back there, comes up the street, fails to take this corner and... Goes straight into the front of the cafe. Sir, this is Professor Dalton. Detective Superintendent Phil Elliot. My condolences for your loss. This is SFP Lowe, he's a Senior Scene of Crime Officer. What made the driver lose control? We don't know yet. These are the tyre marks? Yeah. Have you measured and photographed? Of course they have. That's still a live crime scene, Professor. Professor, the scene is being processed thoroughly. My wife and daughter were seated where? Here and here. That was their favourite spot. And you still don't know whether the driver was injured. Only that there was blood on and around the driving seat. But he still managed to walk away. We have a witness. The waitress, Kelly Harlton. She saw him run out a few seconds after the crash. Description? She didn't see much. She was badly injured. So not much to go on then? We're tying to locate him. Locate him(!) You've no idea where he is, do you? He walked away. He walked away. The autopsies are scheduled for 1 1 o'clock in the morning. Autopsies, why? We know how they died. We're required by law to carry out post-mortems. I'm sorry. Who's going to be doing them? That's a matter for the Coroner. No. l want one of my colleagues to do them. l want Harry Cunningham to do them. Surely the Coroner will allow that? I'll talk to him. Thanks. How did he sound? Strangely normal. He's asked me to do the autopsies. What did you say? l said yes. Did you know them well? Not that well, but, er...still. Well, maybe it's a good thing. l think he should have someone with him. There's no need for you to come in. It's all right. I'll be fine, thank you. l know where you are if l need you. CASSIE: 'Hi, we're not in but you know what to do after the beep!' It's good work. It's very good work. The weight of the paper, the Pantone colouring. These are as good a fake as I've seen. But is it the work of our man? Hi, Cheryl. Leo, how are you doing? Er, bit of a headache. Um, my head keeps... If there is anything l can get you? Actually... Is this the one? Thanks. We bought this for Cassie for her birthday. How's Beccy? In a bit of a state, just as you'd imagine. Mmm. She was meant to be meeting Cassie. They were going to do their homework. l don't think it's registered yet. Have you called Teresa's parents yet? l called them on the train. I'll call her workplace tomorrow. So much to do. So many arrangements. Jamie! There you are, Mr Markham. You're in room 489 and that's on the fourth floor. If there's anything you need, we're here for you. Thank you. This came for you this morning, Miss Somerville. Thank you. Got it. That's him. Doctor Cunningham? Yeah. Detective Sergeant Erin Jacobs. Hello, how is he? Tying to come to terms with it all l think. Hi, Leo. Train was on time, that's something. Yes...how are you? You got any sleep? You what? Are you sleeping? You know. Anyone staying with you? No. No-one. You know you can speak to a Family Liaison Officer, if you'd like. l know. ..We're going to show you the scene of the crash. l thought we were going to the mortuary. No, l want him to see the scene of the accident. Doctor Alexander? That's right. DCI Alison Page, I'm taking over this case. I'll get to you as soon as l can but I'm... No. We need a cause of death as soon as possible. She's been hit by something. l don't think so. We'll have her X-rayed before the PM, but... l think she's been shot. What sort of car was it? A BMW. Z3 two-litre coupe. Harry? Six cylinder, O to 60 in about seven seconds, it shifts. So why did he lose control? He's driving a high-powered car, it's got good brakes, good steering. Something ran across his path, fault in the car, heart attack. Difficult to walk away with a heart attack. Come on, Harry, what else could it have been? Drunk driver. Joy rider who couldn't drive. Prescription lenses. Do we know who these belong to? We think they must have been the driver's. None of the injured people could identify the photos. Teresa and Cassie... Teresa and Cassie were seated here. They got thrown against the wall. Who was found over there? The waitress, Kelly Harlton. She was found behind Teresa. We think she was standing there. Who's this? Peter Wilson. In hospital with minor head injuries. Where was he sitting? He doesn't remember. He could have been here. And pushed in that direction. No, he'd have been blocking the door. So where WAS he sitting? l used to work here. This is where l used to come every day. Say goodbye to my family and come here. Why don't you go home? I'll come round when I've finished. Shall l get someone to take you home? No, I'll... I'll wait somewhere. All right. Harry. l need to know what happened to them. l need you to tell me. Because if l don't know then l can only imagine and l don't think l could live with that. The impact of the bonnet crushed the chest and the fractured ribs punctured the lungs. This could have been fatal on its own but at this stage l think the... head injuries would have killed her so rapidly that the chest injuries would have had no effect. Both femurs have sustained fractures consistent with the impact of a car. Three shots, close grouping. l want these bullets to go to ballistics as soon as possible. Whoever it was, wasn't taking any chances. Back of the head, execution style. Maybe. You know very often pro killers empty the whole magazine to be absolutely certain the victim dies. Have you identified her yet? Missing Persons have anything? Could we get on with the PM please? All right. sorry. Hello? Very much what you'd expect. Multiple injuries, glad it's over. How's Leo? l don't know. l don't know how he's taking it, he was pretty freaked out this morning. I'm just going to find him now. Everything all right there? Yeah, do you know of any firearm that only takes three bullets in its magazine? No. Why? Nothing, it was just something somebody said. I'll call you back. l thought you might be about finished. Death was caused by the impact, Leo. Instantaneous. But what about the primary factors? They were killed by the car. Any news on the driver? No, not yet. A man kills two people in a busy city street and then just disappears? l mean someone must have seen something. People were injured. They were in shock. Have your witnesses remembered anything? Kelly Harlton the waitress? Peter Wilson? Are they still in hospital? We are pursuing every possible line of enquiry. What enquiries? Tell me exactly what the bloody hell you ARE doing! Let's go and get a drink. l don't want a drink. l just need to make sense of this. Oh, er...here. You can't release that to me, not before the inquest. It doesn't matter. l thought you'd want it. l want her back, that's what l want. l want them both back. I'm so sorry. Yeah, that's what everybody says, l thought you'd be different. l thought you'd be straight with me. l am straight with you. Then tell me what they were like? What? l know the sort of damage that impact can cause, I've seen it so many times, but in there you talked to me as if l knew nothing. l told you what was necessary. You told me nothing that l haven't already heard. ..Perhaps l should have done the post-mortems myself, then... Then at least what? Come on. l want to know. No, you don't. Not really. Why would you want to torture yourself with every little fracture? l couldn't do it to you. Then screw you. Oh, come on... Get on. We have an unidentified white female aged, l would say, between 20 and 30. Signs of immersion. Could we turn her over? Her hands are tied behind her back with some sort of plastic cable, possibly an electrical cord. What is it? I'm not sure. But it looks like bite marks. Kelly Harlton? Yeah? Professor Dalton. I'm a pathologist. l just want to ask you some questions about the accident. Would that be all right? Where's Professor Dalton? We had an argument. l thought he was with you. After it happened, it was so weird. It was so silent. It must have only been a few seconds before somebody screamed, but it seemed longer. There was this woman, who was lying right in front of me and... ..she was so still. l told the police. l think the driver stepped over her. Do you remember what he was wearing? Er... Some...dark trousers. And...l saw his shoes. They were brown. Suede, l think. Anything else you remember about him? Not really. He was there. He might be able to remember something. Thanks. Mr Wilson? Professor Dalton. I'm a Home Office pathologist working on the accident. I've told the police l don't remember anything. sorry. Did you see a man getting out of the car? No, l think l passed out. Can you tell me where you were sitting? By the window. Near the door. Can you show me where on this? See this and this. So something tried to chew through the cord? They aren't consistent with animal depredation. l wonder if they might be human teeth marks. The killer used his teeth to pull the ligature tight? No. There would be signs of stretching on the cord, the fibres would be elongated. Also the bite marks present across the knots themselves, meaning the chewing occurred after they were tied. l think someone was tying to free her? Why would that someone use their teeth? Why not use their hands? What if someone couldn't use their hands? What if he or she was tied up too? Maybe there were two victims. l think you might have another body out there. You could have asked us. What seeing as how you're so on top of everything?! We've told you everything we know. Wilson's broken nose, how was it caused? In the accident. How in the accident? l know you want to know things are moving along, but you should know better than most. You can't go talking to witnesses. She's right, Leo. Why don't we go back to the station and we can go through it again. Leo, wait a minute. You should get back. Don't want to miss the Regional Meeting. Are you going to be all right? Me? Yeah, I'll be fine. Leo. Harry? Look, it's only a meeting. I'll cancel it. l want to stay. This isn't about what you want. l want you to go. The body is discoloured and there is noticeable skin slippage. There is also marbling of the skin. Hands and feet show washerwoman changes. l would say she was in the water for days rather than hours. Deep ligature marks on the wrists from the cord that bound her appear to have been sustained ante-mortem. She cut herself to the bone tying to get free. Maybe they both did. They tried to free each other with their teeth. Where do you think they were? Can we move on, please? Well, wherever they were they knew what was going to happen to them. Are you up from London? Er, yes. l was born here, this is my home. Oh. l used to work at the Hallamshire, when you guys had a pound over in Burngreave. Aye, those were the days. You're not wrong. SFP Lowe asked me to check over the car from yesterday's crash. Aye, terrible business. Oi! What the bloody hell do you think you're playing at? That's the last one. Could you bag those up for DCI Page, please? Cause of death 1A gunshot wounds to the head. Any one of them would have killed her. l need those bullets to go to the lab as soon as possible. DCI, my theory about there being two bodies. Shouldn't you get your team to have another look at the river? Just get me your report by the morning. Thank you. If you want us to catch the man, you're not going the right way about it. There's blood where the driver sits. He's cut his hand and as he gets out the car, the blood drips onto the seat. It's smeared. He'd have had to get out and get back in. Plus there's blood on the passenger air bag. So the driver slumped sideways. There's something else. The passenger door handle. Do you think that was broken on in the impact? Somebody broke it on tying to get out. There was a passenger! He tries to get out, but he can't, he snaps on the handle, he slides across to the driver's seat and smears the blood. Our witnesses say that only one man left the scene. Maybe the passenger didn't leave the scene. Maybe he stayed in the cafe. Then why didn't we find him? Because... You did find him. He pretended to be one of the customers in the cafe. This Peter Wilson, the guy in the hospital. We couldn't work out where he was sat, it didn't make any sense. He has a broken nose - not consistent with being hit by a car. But could be caused by impact with an air bag. And he had cuts on his hands from crawling over the broken glass. Erin, get someone down to the hospital right now. Sir, Wilson's checked himself out. Great. Ah, this just gets better and better. Did anyone get an address? They did but... It doesn't exist. What a surprise. So are you going to tell me what's going on? Since when do Detective Superintendents get assigned to routine fatal RTAs? Oh, we're not looking for joy riders here are we, or a drunken driver? l think there is something you should know. Hiya, how are you? How's Leo? Did you manage to get hold of him? He hasn't returned my calls. He's had so many lovely messages and you can't get into his office for all the flowers. Are you all right? Not really. Don't worry about it. What's been happening here? Can you have a look at this for me? l believe the car that killed your family was being driven by the head of an identity-fraud gang, operating up here in Sheffield. We know the car was bought on fake credit with someone else's name. They must have had to produce documentation. They have all the documentation forged. They have fake mail-drop addresses, They have everything they need to convince someone they are that person. But when you try and find them... They don't exist. These people hide behind a maze of different accounts and false names, solving the simplest crime can take an army of forensic accountants. And even if we can convict, the laws are not up to speed. If someone breaks into your home and steals your TV, technically they could get ten years. But if they steal your identity, they'll be out in two. Why isn't anyone doing something about it? I'm tying to. But it's not illegal to steal a person's identity. We can only prosecute when we can actually prove that they have used that ID for profit. I've got the DNA results from the car. Go on. There were two DNA signatures. One belonged to a Kevin Armstrong. He's got previous for fraud and deception. Recognize him? It's Peter Wilson. That's just one of the names he uses. He's also Jack Fletcher, Jonathan Bradley, and a dozen others. We've also found his prints on the passenger door handle. And the other DNA? No match. That's our driver and that's who we have to find. Oh, l fully intend to. l filled you in on the bigger picture, so you know what's at stake. So you know we're taking this seriously. Yes, thank you, Detective Superintendent. This has all been very informative. l can't imagine what you must be going through, but l can tell you that if you impede my investigation, I'll charge you with obstructing police work. I'll bear that in mind. Go home, Professor Dalton. We'll find him. We're all set. Fantastic. Right. Let's do it. So why would she expect there to be more than one body? Harry? sorry, what? l keep thinking about him as well. It could not have gone worse if I'd tried. Don't beat yourself up about it. He was like a totally different person. It was as if we hardly knew each other, as if we'd never met. Ring him again. No. Why not? Because l have absolutely no idea what to say! sorry. Harry, you did everything you could. He asked you to do an autopsy on his wife and child, who you knew. A lot of people wouldn't have said yes but you did. Anyway, I'm glad you're back. It's been like Piccadilly Circus in the mortuary... but with dead people. It's the Kawasaki Ultra 150 I'm interested in. You have them in your catalogue... The Toshiba Tecra M1 and the Satellite P10. Can you give me prices? How many do you have in stock. We have a sales force of nearly 200. 2,700?! l hope that includes delivery or I'll... We'd need one for each room so that would be a total of five. Yeah, four. How often do you get an order for four jet skis? l was hoping for a bit of a discount. Hello, Nikki. Hi, listen, sorry to call you. l was just finishing that case report, and l can't find the tox analysis anywhere. It's in an orange file on my desk. Great, I'll have a look there. Oh, and l thought you'd like to know that the Summers inquest returned an open verdict. Ah, l knew it. There was never going to be enough evidence, was there? Everything else OK? Fine. Very busy. Good. l didn't even know which songs Cassie liked. Perhaps the school could help. Would you like me to call them? Maybe her friends. I've got to go. Thanks. Don't stay too late. l need your help, Carl. l screwed up. Understatement of the year. Get in. Right, let's go and make some cash. Five grand's worth of chips, please. Certainly, Mr Markham. I'd like to cash these in. Would you like cash or a cheque? Cash, please. DCI Page has just called. They've found the second body? Yeah, they're sending it over now. Sometimes l just hate being right. l don't remember it happening before. What sort of loan are you looking for, Mr Markham? A personal loan, nothing to do with the company. But if you need to use the company's collateral, then that's something I'd have to discuss with my colleagues. The ligature's some sort of electrical cord. It appears to be the same as the one on the body we examined yesterday. We found her a couple of miles further up the river from the other one. She hasn't been in the water. We think they were rolled down the slope, but this victim got caught on a branch and never reached the river. Her clothing is torn. The scratches appear post-mortem. We have what appear to be three bullet holes over the right ear. I'm waiting for the X-ray but l can't see any exit wounds so l expect the bullets to still be in there. Now we know where the rest of the magazine went. Hi, Beccy. sorry to bother you, but Cassie had one of my books and l need it for my homework. Would you mind if l took a look in her bedroom? Is this what you're looking for? l... l... Don't even think about lying to me, Beccy. l just need to know what was going on. I'm sorry. l don't know why we did it. Everyone did, so we thought we would. We only did it once. It was stupid. l just didn't want the police to find them. Because they'd know who her partner in crime was? No...l just didn't want them to think bad of her. She was my best friend. We did everything together. l miss her so much. It's all right. It's all right. It's best to cry. Nikki... Mm-hm. Come and look at this. Could we get a print on that? l think you'd better get home. Oh, Beccy... what do you know about this? Since when did Cassie decide to be over 1 8? It's all right, it's between me and you. Have you got one? We never really used them. We were just tying to... you know. Where did you get them from? A friend got us them. And where did the friend get them from? It's all been going really smoothly and we've got another one already lined up. Hold on until l say so. Well, what's the problem? Everything's in place. Just do as l say. Yeah, OK. l mean it, Bonnie. There's definitely something there. It's a beauty. Mmm. I'll call the fingerprint officer. I'll call Page. So, can we do it? Dunno why not. This next one's a peach. Hi, I'm supposed to be meeting some people and l don't know what they look like. Do you know a Kevin Armstrong? No, l don't think so. Derek? Do you know a Kevin Armstrong? Jack Fletcher? Jonathan Bradley? Peter Wilson? Yeah, l know Pete. He's not been in, though. He might know. Mm-hm. Thanks. Hi...the girl at the bar said that you knew Kevin Armstrong? No...and who are you? You might know him as Peter Wilson or by various other names. Don't know what you're talking about. ..l need to be someone else and l was told that Kevin Armstrong could fix it. You in trouble? sorry, pal. I've got cash. That's not a problem. Like l said, l don't know what you're talking about. OK, fine. I'm sure l can find someone else to sort me out. Wait a minute. l might be able to help. What's your name? What difference does that make? l need a contact name, don't l? Harry Cunningham. OK, Harry... give me your mobile number. Er, yours? Yeah, very funny. I'll call you. They were police officers, weren't they? Undercover. You knew them? l can't tell you their names and l can't tell you what they were working on. One of them was my DC at Paddington for four years. sorry. Just processing the print, takes a few minutes. l still don't see why we can't do Fielding. It's perfect. For Christ's sake, Bonnie, because l say so. There's still gear in there. That's where we put the DVD players. We've got a match, the prints belong to a Kevin Armstrong. He was in the hospital in Sheffield. He was involved in the crash. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 