Silent Witness: Season 9, Episode 2 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Silent Witness 
 s9e2 - Ghosts: Part 2 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Silent Witness (1996–…): Season 9, Episode 2 - Ghosts: Part 2 - full transcript 
 Unsatisfied with the progress of the case, Leo Dalton takes matters into his own hands trying to get in contact with an identity theft ring. The information he gathers assists the police and they work together. The death of one of the gang members, and a vital clue, lead police to identify the their leader, but in the end, the solution brings little solace to Leo. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Come on, let's get a move on! I want this place clear in an hour. That's almost the last of it. Another hour and we can clear out. Good. I'll just check we're clear in the back office. No, don't go in there. Bonnie! I told you to stay out. What's going on? What happened? Nothing to do with you. Who is he? It doesn't matter. What's going on? How bad is this? Hey! Who the hell are you? Oi! 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 What's going on? Someone were here. Get out of here. Go! Listen up, I want you to stop what you're doing. Everything that's loaded we take, everything else we leave behind, OK? Now go! We only need another half an hour. That includes you, Bonnie. Now go! Everyone, disappear! Come on! Do it! This is Delta 047 requesting backup. They found Kevin Armstrong's fingerprints on the clothing of one of the victims. There's no doubt, sir. Is that the Oslo? Can I speak to him? It's Dr Cunningham, sir. He'd like to speak to you. Hello? Hello, Harry. Good to talk to you again. Elliot? Your assistance on the case is very much appreciated. That answers one question. It seems a man who killed two police in London is connected with the deaths of Teresa and Cassie Dalton. Why don't you pack up for the night? It's late. Come on, Elliot, what's happening? 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 I appreciate you're tying to look out for Professor Dalton, but I can't tell you any more. If I was to put you in the picture, I could be jeopardizing the safety of those in the investigation. So there is nothing I can do? Are you in touch with Leo? Tying to be. It can't be easy... you there and him being up here. It's a shame you're so busy. Speaking of which... I'd better get on. Thanks again for your help. Bye-bye. Elliot. Thanks. Thank you. That was a bit of a one-way conversation. He wouldn't tell me anything. Leo thought there was something going on. I thought he just wasn't dealing with things very well. I wish he'd ring back. They dumped the car Professor Dalton followed here from the pub. It's registered to a Carl Dawson. We've interviewed him before, haven't we? Suspicion of handling stolen goods? All right, I'll bring him in. What about Professor Dalton? Take him in, see what he's got to say. For the record, Mr Dawson has waived his right to a solicitor. Where were you last night, Carl? I dunno. Did you go to a bar called the Six Degrees? I don't know it. I'm not much of a drinker. So where were you? When? Around ten o'clock last night? Er...I'd have to look in my diary. I had a lot of meetings. Can we see your diary? I might have forgotten to write it down. You can't remember? I was just around. Where? Here and there. A warehouse in Rotherham? Nah, I didn't go to Rotherham. That's funny. Because a car registered in your name was recovered last night from an industrial estate in Rotherham. My car was stolen yesterday. I meant to report it, but I know how busy you guys are, and I'd hate to waste your time. What was that place? A sort of clearing house. They set up a bogus address and use it to receive their illegally obtained goods. The consignments are then split up and sent on to be sold for cash. Why did they kill Armstrong? Professor Dalton, we need to discuss your actions of last night. Why did you go to the Six Degrees Bar? Well, do I need a reason? Had you arranged to meet someone there? I hadn't arranged anything. I just went for a drink. How did you end up at the warehouse? You're not being very co-operative. You're a forensic pathologist, you work for the Home Office, for God's sake! You could be jeopardizing your career, the investigation, everything! Am I under caution? No. Not yet. Then if there's nothing else, I'd like to leave. Before you do, there is something I'd like you to see...please. Do you know Kevin Armstrong? No. Colin Markham? No. Stephanie Jones? No. Colin Williams? No. Claire Turner? No. Douglas Walsh? No. Amelia Byant? No. Are you gonna charge me? Is that the man you met in the pub last night? Would you be prepared to submit to a medical examination? No. Would you be prepared to volunteer DNA for elimination purposes? You're joking. Are you refusing? Charge me...or let me go. You'll have to let him go. It could've been the driver of the car that killed your daughter and wife? Let me know if you find out. Don't you care? Do you know how I found the Six Degrees Bar? A 14-year-old girl told me. I saw him in the warehouse last night. I don't know who he was, but I am sure Dawson killed him. He didn't even deny it. Something must've gone wrong - now Dawson wants to wind everything down. We've another target lined up! His name is Alan Fielding. Gilmore has the necessary ID. I didn't say we don't do Fielding. You just said Dawson's gonna... No, I mean we do Fielding. Just us. What, you wanna rip Dawson on? Look, one last hit...just for us, and then we get new names and we are out of this game for good. 'You have no new messages# That was Jim Stevens over at Charing Cross. He's gonna cover for us for a few days. Cover for us? We're going to Sheffield. What if Leo doesn't want to see us? We won't give him the choice. Dawson's ''no comment'' all the way. Have him released. How's the professor? Angry, erratic, he's completely non-cooperative and very unimpressed with us. He can get in line. Do you think we should speak to his colleagues? Maybe they can help. Harry Cunningham's just called. They're on their way up here. We should get Nikki Alexander to do the PM on Armstrong. I think her take on this could be useful. Let's hope they get through to him. He's a Scottish company director. He stopped in Sheffield last week, Amber swiped his card. ''Alan Fielding, 1 1 2 Stanley Road, Glasgow, G7 2EY. ''Date of birth - 1 3#06#77. Mother's maiden name - Tyler.'' We've got his signature, Gilmore's done the paperwork - we're good to go. Let's get on the phones. We're not doing it that way. This is just us. Strictly cash. Look, it's simple. Fielding's got 1 50 grand in three accounts in three banks. Yeah, we do 15 branches fast as we can, taking it in turns to withdraw ten grand each. I don't know. As long as we're done before the bank recs by the end of the day, we'll be gone before they notice. 1 50 grand split four ways, then we get out of here for good. What about you, Gilmore? You in? ''There is sufficient in the world for man's need but not for man's greed.'' Gandhi! Right. You two, start learning your lines. Hello, back again? Two grand? Fine. What? I'm Harry Cunningham. You were gonna sort out some documents for me. Yeah, I said I'd call you. I have to be out of here by tonight. I need a passport, driving license, credit cards. Just back on for a while, there's things I need to sort out. But you will get them? Yeah. Just give me a bit of time. Cos I need this to happen. PHONE RINGS Yeah? Just the usual. We're working on a series of major thefts by deception. There's a consistent MO in the way the money's handled. The same team? The common factor is one man. We believe...this is our target. Well, who is he? We don't know. These are the best pictures we have. , He's IC1 , we think about 5'9'' medium build. Other than that... he could be anyone. How can one man pull on all this fraud? He has a number of cells working for him. Each cell probably contains about half a dozen people. They source the victim, download his details, order goods on his credit, then fence them on before the victim knows he's hit. It's complex, slick, and our target here has perfected the art. Surely with that many people there must be some weak links. Only one person from each cell is in contact with our friend here. Any foot soldiers we arrest genuinely don't know who the top dog is. My name's Alan Fielding, 1 1 2 Stanley Road, Glasgow, G7 6EY. My mother's maiden name is Tyler, I was born in Carlisle. I have four GCSEs and a diploma in engineering from Newcastle. All right? Clockwork. Eight down, seven to go. We've placed two undercover coppers into one of his cells in London. They were killed... by Kevin Armstrong. We think it was our target's lieutenant down there. Armstrong was known to us, he had previous. He also had a bit of a temper and, as it turns out, he wasn't our target's...best choice. It looks like he panicked and came straight back up here to Sheffield. Which leads us to the crash. We think our target was with Armstrong in the car. If we'd caught Armstrong, he'd have led us to the driver. How DID you find him? That's where your professor comes in. We don't know how, but he ended up at a bar called the Six Degrees in the centre of Sheffield. That's where he made contact with a Carl Dawson. Dawson's known to us. He's smart, a college drop-out. We've interviewed him before. Professor Dalton followed him to the warehouse unit, and that's where we discovered Armstrong's body. You think Dawson might be your target? We have...the driver's DNA and prints from the car. If they match Dawson's, we've got him. It sounds like you're close. There's a downside. The death of the cops, the car crash and the discovery of Armstrong's body, they'll know the heat is on. How come Leo has managed to make contact with this...gang when the full resources of your operation have failed? When people are desperate, they'll go to any lengths to get what they want. I think that describes our professor rather well. At the moment he doesn't trust us but he's got an in with Dawson. I want you two to talk to him and see if he'll work with us rather than against us. Hello, can I help you? Yes, I'm Alan Fielding, I called earlier. I'd like to make a withdrawal. Leo! What are you doing here? We came to see how you are. Well, here I am. What is all this? I'm tying to find out who killed my family. This is not the way to go about it. This is police work. If that's all you've got to say, you might as well go. They should be out by now. They'll be all right. Can we help you? You want to help me? Yes. What - like you helped me before? If I handled that...wrong, then I am truly sorry. We're worried about you. You want me to stop what I'm doing, don't you? We don't want you to get hurt. Well, it's a bit late for that. Armstrong killed two undercover policewomen in London. We should get out of here. We're almost there. Go and wait in the car, you're making me nervous. He's been picked up. What? Get out of here. We can't just leave him. Forget it! He'll get six months, he'll be out in three. Drive! But we can't... Just drive! Shit! We saw the incident room. We saw the scale of Elliot's operation. Why'd he give you all this information? He wanted us to talk to you. Get me out of the way. No, he wants to work with you. I think he wants to bring you into the investigation. How? There's more chance of catching him if you work with the police. You mean if they work with me. At least see Elliot. If this man were to get away... He won't. No, he won't. We want to see him caught as much as you, Leo. Oh! I want more than that. I want someone to admit to my face what they've done. I want someone to tell me that they killed my family. Listen, it'll be OK. Let me out, I'll make my own way. Please, Bonnie! Are you sure, Rachel? Too right, this is all screwed up. I've got my share, I'll take my chances. I'll see you guys. What are we gonna do? What if Moss cracks and gives them our names? It won't matter. Why not? Cos we're getting new ones. Alan Fielding? That's right. Really? That's Fielding's signature faxed from Fielding's branch to the branch you tried to withdraw the cash from. And this is your version of the signature. Fake driving license in the name of Alan Fielding. Fake credit card in the name of Alan Fielding. Fake passport in the name of Alan Fielding. So who the hell are you? How can people regard the lives of others as so inconsequential? To ruin just like that. I don't know. People used to have more respect for each other, for everything. Now... It's my old school. I met Teresa in the sixth form, and we've been together ever since. I should never have gone to London. I should never have been away. I was working all the time Cassie was growing up! I was never there! I wanted to see her go to university, to see her have babies, and I wanted t-to... You thought you were doing the right thing. Ah, but it was wrong. I was wrong. Sorry, shop closed. Come on, it's the least you can do. I got into this because it was low risk, but suddenly it's all getting out of hand. It's been nice, but au revoir. Gilmore, please... Look, we can pay you. Ten now, ten when you deliver. It's just the two of us, driving licenses, passports - the full set. Come back tomorrow. You can pick 'em up then. Thank you. All right. Who do you wanna be? So what are you gonna do if you catch up with this man? WHEN I catch up with him. OK - when. What are you going to do? Kill him? ignore the law? The law can't help me. So you are just going to deal out your own form of justice? These people killed my family. They think they're above the law, then why shouldn't I be? It's how I feel. Of course you want revenge. Anybody would. But if everybody just took revenge for...everything unjust... I don't care any more. Go and see Elliot. The track enters the abdomen and passes upwards to enter the left ventricle. The wound is consistent with a single-edge bladed weapon. Dr Alexander, would you please continue with DS Jacobs? Of course. The wound is consistent with a single-edge bladed weapon such as a knife. The deepest penetration suggest a blade length of 1 5 centimetres. Cause of death, 1A stab wound to the heart. Those are the DNA and fingerprints of the man who was driving the car. I think they'll match Dawson's, but he's refusing to give us his DNA. I can't compel him unless I can charge him. He was in the warehouse with Armstrong's body. The court'll see it as your word against his. My word counts for something. I'm a Home Office pathologist. One who was conducting an entirely inappropriate personal investigation. I know what I saw. Do you? Can you honestly swear it was him in the room with Armstrong's body? Well... it sounded like him. But it was dark, you'd had a drink, you'd have been under enormous stress after what happened to your wife and daughter two days before. A decent barrister could make you an unreliable witness. What do you need? A confession's really handy, but seeing the chances of that are pretty slim, rock-solid proof. He was meant to be supplying me with fake documents. That was my excuse for contacting him. Get him to do that, then we might have something. Enough to charge him? Have my Officers witness the exchange, we can arrest him. Even if he screams entrapment, we should still get his DNA. These are brilliant. Ten grand, we said. Yes, all right. Cause of death - stab wound to the heart. Anything I can use? No transfer from killer to victim. The killer's clothes would display blood spatter. Yeah, but his clothing and the knife'll be in the River Don by now. We're running out of time, Leo. Did you really think I'd let you rip me on?! Where's the money?! If you can't prove he murdered Armstrong, and we do it your way, what does he get? We'd have death by dangerous driving, leaving an accident. He'd get out in no time, do it again. I want the same as you, Leo, I want to see Dawson thrown into a dungeon and left until he rots. That's not gonna happen! What can I say? You're right. He won't go down for long enough, but that's how the system works. That's just the way it is. It wasn't your wife! It wasn't your daughter! But they were my colleagues, my police Officers! It was me that sanctioned the operation. How do you think that makes me feel? But it's not about revenge. These people are dangerous. It's about preventing them ruining more lives. It's about, Leo, stopping them killing again. Ow! Do you think this is some sort of game? Did you think you could just walk away? Agh! SHE SOBS I know you did Fielding. Now, where's my money? No, no... No... Please! Don't! I won't ask you again! Bonnie? Gilmore! Bonnie! Hey. What are you drinking? Who are you? What do you want? I'm offering to buy you a drink. No, you're all right. I'm waiting for a man called Dawson. Carl Dawson. Yeah, I don't know him. Sir, he's made contact. With Dawson? No, someone else. I'll keep you posted. OK. What's happening? There's no sign of Dawson. So now what? We wait. I don't know him! I saw him with your girlfriend the other night. What's her name? Bonnie? What do you know about Bonnie? Who are you? I need to find Dawson. Is Bonnie with him now? I don't know where the hell she is! Look, I've got to go. Hey... What do you want?! Is she with him now? I don't know, I swear! I was meant to meet her, she's disappeared. Show me where, then. Get on me! Sir, we might have a problem. Just stick with him. Don't move in, not yet. This is where you were meant to meet her, yeah? Yeah. Recognize this? Yeah, it's Bonnie's. Hey, man, this isn't such a good idea, l... Blood. Blunt impact. More blood on the floor. See the droplets? They've been smeared as if somebody or something's been dragged along the ground. There's more over here. Oh, my God! She's... Don't touch! I wanna catch this man, so don't touch! Nathan Archer, sir, he's willing to co-operate. It's his girlfriend in there. Listen, Nathan, I just want a name. Who's in charge? His name's Carl Dawson. Bring him in. Are you OK? We've already put out a call for Dawson. This time he's not gonna walk away. He better not. We'll get him. It didn't go according to plan, but you got the right result. It's not finished yet. It is for you. I want to see him. We can't let you get involved any further, it would... I want to speak to him. Sorry, no. I won't jeopardize the case. Go home. DS Jacobs, let's get this place tightened up for SOCO. I want the whole area sealing, right up to the factory boundary. Can you open your mouth, please? Look, I really don't need a lawyer. We did it. That's it. We did it. I'm saying nothing. Nobody was meant to get hurt. If we'd have known... How did you get involved? Bored. Neither of us wanted a nine to five. Are you gonna charge me? Owen Gilmore. You've got a good degree in computer technology from the university. You know what they pay to sit at a desk and tell idiots how to turn their monitor on? Look, it is so easy. All you need is nerve, good telephone manner. You get rich...and then get out. Get caught. Yeah, that...doesn't seem that important right now. You can't prove it. An_ay, it'll be a fine and some community service. Not if we get you as an accessory to murder. I want a la_er. You really ought to have a solicitor. Bad news. Dawson's DNA doesn't match the DNA found in the car that killed Teresa and Cassie. They're certain? Absolutely, someone else was driving. 'l want someone to admit to my face what they have done. 'l want someone to tell me that they killed my family# Do you know a Kevin Armstrong? Derek, do you know a Kevin Armstrong? Jack Fletcher? Jonathan Bradley? Er...Peter Wilson? Yeah, I know Pete. He's not been in, though. He might know. 'Prescription lenses... do we know who these belong to? 'They must've been the driver's, none of the injured people could identify the photos. 'I think the driver stepped over her. Do you remember what he was wearing?' Erm... ..dark trousers, and...I saw his shoes - they were brown and suede, I think. What happened to your nose? What? Your nose. What happened to it? Accident. A car accident? You what? And you've... had some sunglasses made up? You probably need them for driving. And some nice...new shoes. Shall I tell you what I think happened? I know about this sort of thing. Airbags in RTAs expand fully in one 20th of a second. The impact to the face of someone wearing glasses leaves a contusion across the bridge of the nose. It was sunny - you wore the tinted pair. What are you talking about? Armstrong wasn't strapped in, he got a broken nose, but you were wearing a safety belt, because you're a very careful man. Look, mate... And then your hand. As the body's thrown, the thumb can catch against the steering wheel. You might even have torn a ligament. You've had a few too many! And then your chest. Get on! We'll find contusions from the safety belt. Probably still a bit sore, isn't it? Who the hell are you?! Leo Dalton. It means nothing to me. It was my wife and daughter who died in that cafe. It still means nothing to me. It was you! Tell me I'm right! Would you take your hands on me? Say it! Based on a scratched nose and a new pair of shoes? Come on, you haven't got any evidence. No court can convict without evidence. I don't need evidence... and I don't need a court. His name's Derek Webster. Born in Reading in '59. No criminal record, there's no history of employment either. What can you get him for? Death by dangerous driving. How long will he get? Four years, maybe. Four years?! It's better than nothing, and he's in the system now. He won't be able to operate freely again. I know it's not perfect, the way the whole thing works. Thanks for all you've done. Thanks. I've decided to have Teresa and Cassie's bodies brought down to London. I don't want them 200 miles away. Do you want to get something to eat? No, I think I'll get some fresh air. He was scared, you know. When I had that brick in my hand, he was really scared, which isn't something I feel...good about. But you know what? I wish I'd gone through with it. I wish I'd killed him. From the records office - Derek Webster, middle name Robert. Born Reading, 12th February 1959. Died...4th November 1 966. He was seven. So who the hell is he? He's the man who put all this together. What else do we need to know? Subtitles by Red Bee Media Ltd 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 