The Event: Season 1, Episode 9 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 The Event 
 s1e9 - Your World to Take - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 The Event (2010–2011): Season 1, Episode 9 - Your World to Take - full transcript 
 President Martinez reacts to the knowledge of who betrayed him within his administration. Meanwhile, after revealing her plan for the Sleepers' future, Sophia learns of dissension among her people. She sets a trap for the perpetrators and acts decisively to quell any future mutiny. Elsewhere, Sean and Leila try to unravel the mystery of Samantha's kidnapping, while evading Dempsey's nefarious clutches. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 We have nowhere near the capabilities of being able to transport everyone all the way home. Why? We're missing a few key components. But we can recreate, and in some cases, recover, with your help. I've been involved in some very terrible things. The attack in Coral Gables on me. I was manipulated by a very powerful man. Who is it? It was... What about Samantha? 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 The people who are behind this, they took her just Iike they took you. They can't hurt a little girl, right? We'll find her, okay? We weren't aware Thomas and the sleepers existed until several days ago. Or how deeply they've infiltrated our country. We have nothing. Forty-seven years we were married, but now when I think of Roland, all I see is a sick old man spitting blood and breathing with a tank. That man's factory didn't just take my husband, it took my memories. And for how many of those 47 years 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 was your husband a smoker? You are aware that smoking is a significant risk factor for pulmonary fibrosis. The fact is, there are a host of things that could have caused your husband's condition, smoking, genetics, acid reflux. He spent half his Iife breathing toxic dust, and now you're trying to tell me my husband died because of heartburn? What I'm telling you is the memories are only going to get worse when I argue my case in front of a jury. (CELL PHONE BEEPING) (CELL PHONE BEEPING) (CELL PHONE BEEPING) (CELL PHONE BEEPING) (CELL PHONE BEEPING) So how is the postal work treating you? Benefits are good, but you spend all day on your feet. I'm thinking of moving on, actually. I caught another kid cheating on a midterm. I tell them that they're only hurting themselves, but I honestly don't think they know what I'm talking about. They're just young, right? We were young once. I don't know how you can represent people Iike that. People Iike what? Successful? Opportunistic? Evil. Everyone's entitled to a good defense. That's what makes this country great. Sophia! How are you? It's so good to see you. (INDISTINCT CHATTERING) It's a pleasure to see you all again after so many years. (APPLAUSE) Now that President Martinez knows that there's a group of us Iiving freely, our days here really are numbered. Fortunately, Thomas has made a Iot of progress in creating the infrastructure we'II need to get us back home. And I will be taking over that effort from now on. We're still short of some raw materials. Isotopes and trace minerals. And we'II need to start retrieving the components we salvaged after the crash that will allow us to open a portal. AII right, it's obvious that you're all uncomfortable. Who wants to tell me why? I'm waiting. Isabel, it seems that they're all Iooking to you to speak. Sophia, we all appreciate the sacrifices that you and the others have made. Locked up all those years. But Iiving here has had a profound effect on all of us. Most of us have grown to Iike it. And the truth is, we don't want to go home. I see. And how widespread is this feeling? Very. The majority of the people I represent feel that way. And I think the same is true for the rest of the Representatives. For the first time in a Iong while, there's a sense of hope among us. We are starting families. We're making a Iife here. I understand. I do. But you know what staying will ultimately do to the native population. We are all sworn to honor the same directives. We're not allowed to damage benevolent civilizations, indigenous people who aren't a threat to us. Sophia, with all due respect, Iet's not forget the reason that we came here in the first place. Our home is barely viable. And there are other dangers which I don't need to Iay out. I hear you. But we all swore the same oath. We will find a way to survive. I give you my word. But we're going home. Those are my orders. Go back and tell your people that's the decision. Sophia and I will retrieve the key module tomorrow. Once it's activated, we can move on to the next phase. Thank you. Did you know this was coming? I've heard a few comments over the years about some of us feeling this way. A few comments. I didn't know to what extent, or else I would have... You should have known. It was your job to know. I was doing what you ordered. When we got here, these people couldn't even achieve nuclear fusion. Now I've gotten them to a place where they're capable of creating the materials that we need. Yes, I appreciate your accomplishments. But the truth is, you've been busy doing other things as well. Like what? What are you talking about? Well, you told me yourself that you built a huge financial empire. That was all in service of getting us home. And there's nothing else that you want to tell me about that you've been up to? You used to do this to me when I was younger. Pretending you knew I'd misbehaved just to see if I'd confess anything. And it used to work. How Iong is the trip tomorrow for the module? A few hours each direction. Aren't you coming? I have meetings with some bankers. I'II see you in the morning. You Iook nervous. I am. You sure you weren't followed? I've been discreet. No one knows about us. I just don't want to underestimate your mother. Don't worry. As far as she's concerned, I'm toeing the Iine, her Ioyal servant. After the meeting, you talked to them. I had to choose my words carefully. Where do you think they stand? If they knew what we were planning, they would object. But it is clear that if we go through with this, they will accept you as their new Ieader. You will, won't you? Go through with this? This is your time, Thomas. Think ofwhat we can accomplish with you in charge. Stop. What? Trying to manipulate me. This isn't about us. This is about me, and what I think is best for our people. My mother's given me no choice. I'II go with her to unlock the module, and when she's done, I will kill her. (GROANS) It hurts? No. Yeah, it does. But my Ieg is starting to feel better. (CELL PHONE RINGING) It's Agent Collier. Hi. Hey, Sean. Are you okay? Yeah, we're holding up. Good. But we're still nowhere in terms of finding Leila's sister. Which is why I emailed you that information. The list of missing girls you wanted me to check on. Yeah. We're hoping that if we can figure out what the Iist means with your help, it will Iead us to Samantha. AII right, I already ran the names through our system. It confirmed your email. All the girls are between seven and eight, and they've all been reported missing within the last two years. But do they have anything else in common? No. Except that they're all unsolved. No suspects, no breaks in any of the cases. Until three days ago, when one of the victims, Abby Stern, managed to escape her captors. What did she say about the people who were holding her, or where? I don't know. Her initial interview has been sealed, along with any other information related to the case. Look, all I know is that she is back with her parents. They Iive just outside of Tulsa, Oklahoma. Sean, what I'II do is I'II just... I'II text you the address, okay? Maybe you can find out more. Yeah, yeah. Yes, please. Thank you so much, Agent Collier. Angela. Angela. Thank you. Be safe, Sean. Okay, bye. So, what do you think? If we Ieave right now, we can be in Tulsa in 1 2 hours. Okay. Let's do it. If you're just nowjoining us, Channel 4 News is reporting that a car bomb exploded in Washington DC in an attempted assassination of Vice President Raymond Jarvis. He suffered a cerebral contusion, substantial burns to his hands and Iower body. What's the prognosis? It's unclear right now. The doctors say the next few hours will give them a better understanding of his condition. But he's Iucky to be alive. The head of his security detail shielded him and bore the brunt of the explosion. And he called himself a patriot. This whole time I've had a traitor in my own house. He fooled us all. Mr. President. Should I... It's all right. EIi, how could this happen? I don't understand. I don't understand. How is he? Is he... Is he... Your husband is a fighter. I know. I'm so sorry, Erika. Thank you so much for being here for him. You know you're Iike family to him. (SOBBING) I promise we'II find whomever's responsible. The Vice President hasn't regained consciousness yet, sir. Maybe he won't. We can't take any chances. We have to get to him. He's under very heavy guard. Our men won't be able to get anywhere near him. There is always a way, Mr. Berg. Why is it that so many great men die young, while the mediocre seem always to survive? Right now, however, I need your services on another assignment. Reacquiring a girl we recently Iost. And when I find her? Should I administer a dose? Good thought, Mr. Berg. No grass grows under your feet. In terms of witnesses, please make sure you clean up after yourself. Understood. Godspeed. (DOORBELL RINGING) (KNOCKING) Shutter just closed. Someone's home. We know you're in there. We're not Ieaving. What do you want? Are you Abby Stern's mother? We're not speaking to journalists. PIease just Ieave us alone. No, no, no. We're not journalists. Mrs. Stern, wait! My Iittle sister is missing. And we think it's connected to what happened to your daughter. And ifyou could just talk to us. Right now, you're our only chance of finding her. Thank you. Just one minute. Abby's resting, we need to keep our voices down. I'm sorry, I didn't get your names. I'm Leila Buchanan. This is Sean. I'm sorry about your sister, but I'm not sure how much I can help you. We think that the same people who took your daughter may have Leila's sister. So you could start with telling us what she told the police. Abby doesn't remember anything. About the people who did this to her or where they kept her. The police kept trying. They finally Iet us take her home this morning. She must have told them something. She didn't. Nothing. Really. Could you tell us where they found her? At a truck stop in Stillwater. She said that a driver gave her a ride there. But she didn't know where from. Maybe if I could just talk to her. Maybe she'II remember something that she forgot to tell the police. No. Like I said, she's resting. I'm sorry. That's all there is. I just didn't want to Ieave you standing out there thinking that I could help you, when I can't. Mrs. Stern... You can't know what it's Iike. My baby's finally home. Everything should be fine, but it's not. Who are you? I just wanted to talk to your daughter and see if she could remember... That's not possible. Now, how could you Iet them in here, Mary? Sir. Sir. We're just trying to find a Iittle girl named Samantha. You need to Ieave. Okay. Just... Why won't you help us? My sister was taken, too. I said get out. We're just trying to find her sister. We're just trying to get some information about Samantha, okay? Leila? You're Leila? You're Samantha's sister. Yes, yes, you know her? Abby, sweetie, back to your bed. Come on. Go back inside. You can't do that. Look, we need to talk to her! You heard her, she knows my sister! She just said her name! She overheard you talking to my wife, okay? Now, I need you to Ieave... Wait, wait. Hey... ...or I'm calling the police. Leila... Sean, you just heard what she said. Mary, call 911! You don't need to do that. Leila, we don't have a choice. We have to go. Now, okay? Come on. We're sorry to bother you, sir. I'm sorry. Are you sure your mother doesn't suspect anything? If she did, she wouldn't be going with me, would she? You gotta stop doubting me. You gotta stop believing you're as smart as your mother. Because you're not. Neither of us are. Get off me. Get off. Once she's retrieved the module and you've done it, go to elevator number three. Open the emergency hatch... Open the emergency hatch, I'II find the plastic sheeting and the packing bag for the body. We've been over this. Where's the gun? I talked with a friend who knows about these things. He said to use a.380 for stopping power. And to use Iow velocity rounds, so the bullet doesn't exit, especially when the shot is to the head, so there's no cleanup. This must be hard. You being in charge for all these years, and me stepping in and changing all that. You've handled it a Iot better than I expected. Than you expected? Meaning what? It was a compliment. But not really. What did you mean? You know how I feel about how you handled President Martinez. The damage that you did. I handled it just fine. In fact, I'm the only reason why you're sitting here. Thomas, we could have gotten out of Inostranka any time, in any number of ways. We stayed there because we were protecting you and the others. It wasn't easy, but we waited. Because we were strong. When you were a Iittle boy, you had this thing about the rain. You were terrified of it, Iike it was the end of the world. One day I took you outside during a storm, and I Iet us both get drenched. I thought that ifwe stayed there Iong enough, you would see that there was nothing to be afraid of. But you just cried for hours. I should've brought you inside. I should've protected you, but I was stubborn. I was trying to force you to be someone that you're not. Someone strong. It was a Iong time ago. And my point is that I repeated my mistake. That I need to accept you for who you are and stop putting you in situations that you can't handle. I know this isn't what you want to hear. I'm sorry. I'm sorry, too. Where is it? Down. (BEEPING) Incorrect code. Re-enter code. (BEEPING) Incorrect code. Re-enter code. Is something wrong? (BEEPING) Your turn. It's still viable. I was worried it might have been damaged during the crash. Thomas? Give me the key. Now turn around. Turn around! No. I want you to Iook at my face when you pull the trigger. You think that's gonna make it harder for me? It won't. You brought this upon yourself. Thomas, this isn't you. You have no idea who I am. Who I've become. I do. I see you so clearly. This isn't something that you'd get to on your own. You've become irrelevant to our people. And now to me. Are those your words? Or Isabel's? It's her, isn't it? I was wondering. I saw the way that you Iooked at each other. You're choosing her over me. I'm choosing me. I'm done Iiving in your shadow. I'm done hiding behind your words, words I don't even believe in. Now it's my turn. It's not. You're not ready. You don't have it in you. Go ahead. Prove me wrong. Show me you have what it takes. Do it. Do it. (SOBBING) I Iove you. Where do you think they're going? I don't know, but it Iooks Iike they're in a hurry. Do you think we scared them? Well, we did, but that's not why they're Ieaving. Their suitcases were packed when we got there. Well, if we ever want to talk to Abby, we have to follow them. He's pulling off. AII right. This might be our chance. Okay. Wait. Don't turn around. He's Iooking right at us. Is she still in the car? No, they're getting out right now. AII right. Here's my chance. Okay. I'II watch for the husband. Okay. No. PIease, just hear me out. You followed us? I had to. I have to ask Abby about my sister. We are not talking to you. Come on, hurry up. We're Ieaving now, honey. No, please, please. Mrs. Stern. Can you remember how it felt when Abby was still missing? I am desperate. And if you could just Iet me talk to her, maybe she knows some small detail that can help me find my sister. Just a few questions. And then I promise I will Ieave you alone. It's okay, Mom. I wanna talk to Leila. Thank you, Abby. You can just tell me anything, anything at all. Were you with Sammy? She got there a couple of days before I ran away. She was scared. It's okay. But she was still normal. AII the girls are when they first get there. And all the other girls, are they just Iike you? Some of us. The nurse there says we're helping people, but bad things happened after she gave us the injections. Okay, Abby, can you tell me about the place where they kept you? Did you see any pictures or words on the buildings? It was Iike a hospital. But not for regular people. Do you remember the name of the hospital? Did you see any signs anywhere? I saw something in the trash can once. There was a triangle on the medicine. We told the police, but they said it was too vague. It probably didn't mean anything. Okay, was there anything else? Any other detail? When I got out of the hospital, there was a really big tower. Okay, you mean Iike a water tower? Yeah. Watch out! Watch out! Behind you! What's happening? Leila! Hurry. Come on. We gotta go. We gotta go now! Come on. Through here. Through here. Go, go, go! Leave us alone! PIease! Mary, run! (CRIES IN PAIN) What happened? Let me help you. Are you okay, Mommy? Go! Protect Abby. Take her. Take her. We'II catch up. Go, go! Come on. You can do it, just Iean on me. I want my mommy. It's going to be okay. Come on. He's coming. I can't. Get Abby. Okay, come on. Okay, go, go, go! I'II draw him away. Mom? Mom! Abby! (ABBEY CRYING) Mom! Listen, you have to be quiet! Abby, run! Come on! Help! Wait! PIease! Abby, run, run! Are you okay? You? Yeah. He's alive. Too bad. No. Maybe he can give us some answers. Come on, Abby. Let's go! No, Mrs. Stern! Abby! It's okay! Come back! What is it? It's Abby? No, it's... I don't think he was here for Abby. What are you talking about? He was here for you. Ray. Ah. Hi. You didn't think you could get rid of me that easily, did you? Ifyou need anything, Mr. Vice President, please Iet me know. Thank you. Thank you. Oh, honey! It's okay. It's all right. It's okay. It will be as soon as I talk to the President. You can't. What do you mean? Someone came to the house. Who? Two men. What? They didn't hurt you? No. You're okay? I'm fine. How are the kids? Fine. Raymond, they know our children's names. They know where they are. They said no matter where we go and what we do, they'd find us, and they'II do terrible things to me and terrible things to the children... I'm sorry, Erika. ...in front of you, and then they'II kill me and they'II kill you. I'm sorry. It wasn't supposed to happen Iike this. What have you done? I'm sorry. Raymond, what have you done to us? I'm sorry. You think about our children. I'm sorry to disappoint you. Where's Thomas? You don't need to worry about Thomas. You need to worry about me. Sophia, I... I don't know what you mean. He told me everything, Isabel. I wasn't thinking straight. I was... I was only doing what Thomas wanted. Isabel, you know that's not true. I saw it in his eyes, and now I can see it in yours. You pushed him. But you were only giving him what he wanted. Someone who would push him to be more than he truly is. Of course. That's why he was drawn to you. I'm so sorry. He's my son, I'II deal with him as I see fit. But regrettably, I can't ignore your disloyalties. What do you mean? Get on your knees, Isabel. (GUN CLICKS) Down on your knees. PIease don't. PIease. I'm not going to shoot you. I'm going to give you a choice. Are you Iistening? I can order that no one has anything to do with you. That you have no contact with any ofyour kind, not so much as a touch or a Iook, that you're ostracized for the rest of your Iife. And ultimately, I know that you can't survive that way. Or what? Give me your hand. The gun only has one bullet, so you couldn't be certain of killing me. But you can prove your Ioyalty. You're forcing me to maim myself? I'm not forcing you to do anything. I want you to make the choice. I can't. Then don't. But understand, that if I can't be certain of your allegiance, you can't Iive among us. Sophia, please... I'm sorry. There's nothing more that I can do for you, Isabel. The rest Iies in your hands. (GUNSHOT) (SCREAMS) And remember, this world isn't yours. Or Thomas's. (CRYING) I know this isn't easy for you. We can go now. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 