The Event: Season 1, Episode 11 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 The Event 
 s1e11 - And Then There Were More - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 The Event (2010–2011): Season 1, Episode 11 - And Then There Were More - full transcript 
 President Martinez and his longtime Chief of Staff charge the intelligence community with decrypting Thomas's satellite message, but more importantly determining to whom it was sent. While they are distracted, Thomas unveils a surprise attack, but he does not anticipate a heroic stand-off with Blake Sterling, who learns an important lesson about Sleepers from Maya. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Turning to international news. Accounts of a strange sighting off the southern tip of Amalah today. Amateur video capturing what eyewitnesses claim was a rocket or missile streaking through the sky. Now an update. Initial reports of an unscheduled rocket Iaunch in Amalah... The State Department has confirmed that Amalah does not have any rocket-Iaunch capabilities. Senior US military officials claim the sightings were, in fact, a passenger jet. There have been recent developments regarding Sophia and her people 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 that I've kept from all but a few of you, including my own chief of staff. My apologies, Richard. That changes now. Up to a short time ago, we thought we had all the non-terrestrials imprisoned. Well, we were wrong. An unknown number of them, SIeeper agents, have been Iiving among us. Yesterday they Iaunched a communications satellite from a private facility in Southeast Asia. Now, most of you have already seen the cover story we fed the news outlets. What no one knows is that the satellite broadcasted 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 a seven-second communications burst, a message, into deep space, and self-destructed. We have no idea where the message was sent, or to whom. Decrypting it has been made the top priority for the NSA, CIA. Data is being shared between departments and agencies. Details we've Iearned at Inostranka about their alphabet, the way they think. Every spare man and woman and every bit of processing power we have is being devoted to this. (COMPUTER BEEPING) I don't care how hard we have to work or how long, we will find our answers. I've got it! And then I'II need all of you to help formulate a response. Uh, Mr. President, I'm sorry to interrupt, but there's been a breakthrough. We've been able to decrypt the first Iine of the message. NSA just sent over a capture. Well, put it up, BIake. BLAKE: "Preparations are being made for your arrival." Now, we can speculate until the end of time about why more of them are coming or when or how many we're talking about, but we have no answers, so we must assume the worst. We need to Iook at this message as a declaration of war. With all due respect, BIake, Iet's not jump to conclusions. These "SIeepers," as you've been calling them, have been here for decades and haven't harmed a hair on anyone's head until recently, when this man Thomas came along. Because they've been hiding their true agenda. They were an advance party. The first Ianding at PIymouth Rock. And the same scenario will play out. Meaning? Whoever has the superior firepower wins. Look, at best, they'II colonize us and make us a subject people. At worst, they'II exterminate us. Mr. President, you give us a target and we'II hit it. But these people, they can teleport planes and implode buildings at will. To tell you the truth, sir, we cannot counter that. So you're saying we're helpless. I'm saying we need more intel, sir. About their motives, about their capacities. We've been interrogating them on and off for 66 years. What else can we find out from them? Maybe trying to extract more information out of the detainees is worth a try. Now that we have a better idea of what questions to ask, it's possible we'II get better information. You'II personally supervise it? Yes, sir. I can Ieave for Inostranka today. SOPHIA: There's no way of knowing how many of our people Thomas plans on bringing over. But there's no question what their intentions will be once they get here. We know he's still making adjustments to the portal array. We need to go to the site and make sure he doesn't complete it. That won't be easy. Thomas has kept the Iocation of the array a closely guarded secret, from all of us. At the time it made sense to compartmentalize the information. We can't stop Iooking for him. We have to find him, Simon. Look, there's a resource we haven't tapped yet. One of our own who could help us. No. Never. PIease, Sophia. Just hear me out. It's possible he might know where Thomas is hiding. How can you honestly ask me to trust him after what he did? Look, I don't Iike the idea any better than you do. But he may be our only hope in stopping Thomas. Gerard, it's good seeing you again. You, too, Thomas. I can't tell you how excited I was when I heard you were coming. Let's be honest, it's not me that you were really excited about. You're right. Well, Iet's have a Iook at it. Does Sophia know what we plan on using the module for? Now that we've sent the message, she does. That's a problem. We're going to need a Iot of help here. And most everyone is Ioyal to her. We're about to put a plan into action. When we're done, we're gonna have a small army of our people. Once that happens, hopefully the rest will fall into Iine. Good. Good. How rude of me. You came all this way, you're probably interested in seeing the progress we've made on the portal array. This way. I assume the work is on schedule? Ahead, as a matter of fact. Just finished burying the superstructure yesterday, as you can see. And it will be Iarge enough to bring everyone here? Even the numbers we were talking about? Yes. Every Iast one. (INHALES AND EXHALES DEEPLY) Leila, Leila. What? It's your father. LEILA: What does this mean? I... Uh... I don't know. I mean, I'm not sure. I... Leila, you don't think it's possible that your father is one of them? No. There isn't any "them." These pictures, they're not real. They can't be. Okay, all right. Whatever it means, we'II figure it out. I need to talk to my dad. He can explain. I need to talk to my dad and I need to find Sam... We'II do whatever we need to do. There has to be something in here that can tell us where she is. I mean... (SHUSHING) (WHISPERING) Did you hear that? There's someone else down here. Hey! Hey! SEAN: Stop! Don't move! Don't shoot. I'm unarmed. Who are you and what are you doing here? WOMAN: Be careful with that. She works here. Where is she? Tell me where my sister is. Tell us everything that we want to know. Where are the girls who were just here? SEAN: Huh? Start talking. AII the test subjects have been moved. Moved? Moved where? Where? Huh! I can't tell you that. Why did you take Sam? And what did you do to her? We took Samantha because she's special. AII of the girls are. That's the reason that we wanted you, too. What do you mean, "special"? Special how? (GASPING FOR BREATH) You're special because of your father. He doesn't age at a normal rate. You're Iying. Tell us the truth. Now! Tell us the truth! I am telling you the truth! Where is she? Where is she? Tell me where she is. I already told you, I can't. Yes, you can. You know, the man you people sent for her, he's dead. I killed him. So don't test me. This is the Iast time I'm gonna ask or I'm gonna shoot you. She's being transported to a facility in West PIains with the other girls. I need an address. I don't know it. I swear. How Iong ago did they Ieave? Ten minutes. In a white van. Haven't seen anyone headed east for miles. You think the woman at the hospital could have been Iying? I don't know. But we have to try something, right? Do you believe what she said about my dad? It doesn't make any sense. It's crazy. You don't think so? I don't know what to think. I'm just trying to be honest, Leila. We've heard a Iot of things that haven't made any sense. And they've all ended up being true. So this has to be? No, I told you, I said I don't know. I don't know. I'm trying to figure it out. Well, I do. (GATE BUZZING) On your feet. Transfer order came in early. You're being moved. Where? Supermax facility in Virginia. Wallens Ridge State. (TIRES SCREECHING) (ORDERING INDISTINCTLY) Come on. Come on. Come on. Get in there. (COUGHING) Go, go, go. Come on. (COUGHING AND GAGGING VIOLENTLY) Here, use this. It'II stop the burning. (GRUNTS) Simon? RICHARD: The Amalan government's officially confirming the press release we issued covering up the missile Iaunch. It's already been dropped off the news cycle. Great. And BIake? Should be Ianding at Inostranka shortly. Your next meeting is with Senator Lewis. Bernard's widow. Governor appointed her to fill her husband's seat until AIaska holds special elections in a couple of months. She was sworn in earlier this week. Can we push this off? We've already rescheduled three times. It's just a quick meet and greet and photo op. She's a very sweet woman. Stay-at-home mom, two kids. Was always very supportive of her husband. And at some point, we'II need her vote. Fine. We have to establish a certain Ievel of accountability, otherwise the system will collapse. UItimately this bill is about fiscal responsibility and it will benefit the people, not just the elected officials. I agree. I knew you would. So I'm assuming I can count on your support for this bill? Sure. Of course you can. You're planning on running for the special election, huh? I want to carry on my husband's Iegacy. The people of AIaska believed in him and hopefully I can get them to believe in me, too. Well, you have me sold. Transparency is the key to regaining the voter trust. Speaking of which, I was going through Bernard's briefcase and I stumbled upon something. I don't even think I was supposed to see it. It's an appropriations report. It's from the internal subcommittee that Bernard chaired. It earmarks $90 million for my state for the expansion of a weather station on Mount Inostranka. Okay. I'd never heard of it. And when I tried to schedule a tour of the facility so I could chart their progress, I was told the expansion had been canceled. It sounds vaguely familiar. I think your husband... I think he may have brought that to my attention. Um... Yeah. Bernard found out that the project had been abandoned and the funds were redirected. Well, I'd Iove to report back to my constituents just exactly where that money went. I mean, every dollar counts, right? Of course. I will have... Renee? Yes, sir. I'II give this to her and I'II make sure that someone Iooks into it. That'd be great. Thank you. Catherine, it was a pleasure to have met you. And I'm sure we'II talk again soon. I'm sure we will. Okay. CATHERINE: Thank you so much. Thank you. (DOOR CLOSES) Did you make a copy ofthat file I gave to the president, Eric? Yes, ma'am. Just Iike you asked. Do you play poker? No, I don't. Well, I do. Ever since my dad taught me as a Iittle girl. And that man... That man was bluffing. I see it went well. You assured me no one would get hurt. Did you... We were careful. Good. Sophia, before anything else, um... I never expected this chance, and I'm sorry it has to be under these circumstances, but I'II take it. (MICHAEL SIGHS DEEPLY) What I did, flying that plane, I don't expect you to ever forgive me, but I need you to know I didn't know you would be there with the president. And ifyou had, you wouldn't have gone through with it? They had my daughters. Daughters you were never supposed to have. I sat in a cell for 66 years so that you and the rest of our people on the outside could find a way to get us back home. Not so you could play house here. Sophia, maybe we should... No. It's fine. We have all had Iapses in judgment. (SIGHS FORCEFULLY) I'm sorry. According to Simon, you were helping Thomas with the portal array. Yes. Transporting the components he needed. I used my connections at the airline to skirt customs. Then I delivered them to a middle man. We need to know who that middle man was and we need your help in finding him. Assuming they're still in contact, he could be our only way of finding Thomas. I can help you. Good. But first I need you to help me. Find Leila and Samantha. Their Iives are still in danger. How in the world do you expect us to do that? There was an investigation into the assassination attempt. I assume the government knows something. AII I know is that your daughter's boyfriend, Sean Walker, has surfaced occasionally. He was in touch with an FBI agent. I can Iook into... You will do no such thing. You will help us, and you will do it now, without conditions. Do you understand me, Michael? You help me find my daughters and I will help you find your son. Those are my terms. Leila, Iook. SEAN: Look. Do you think that's the van? I'II try and get closer. It's the right color. Okay, I'm going to pass them. Try and get a Iook at the driver. See if there's anyone else with him in the cab, okay? And then what? And then, we'II figure out a way to stop him. (EXHALES) (EXCLAIMS) He's coming again! Just hold on. Hold on! (EXCLAIMS) (TIRES SCREECHING) (BOTH GRUNTING) (HORN HONKING) (TIRES SCREECHING) (BOTH PANTING) (BOTH EXCLAIM) (WINDOW SHATTERING) Sean, Iook out! Hold on. Hold on. (EXCLAIMS) Hold tight! Hold tight! Next time he comes... Hang on. Hang on. (TIRES SCREECHING) (GROANING) (BOTH PANTING) (WARNS INDISTINCTLY) (GRUNTS) SEAN: We're good! LEILA: The doors are Iocked. Leila, is that you? Sam! LEILA: Sam, we're here. SAM: Leila. LEILA: It's okay, Sam. Leila! Sam! SEAN: Everyone okay? Are you okay? SEAN: Is everyone okay? LEILA: Are you okay? No one's hurt? Are you all right? SEAN: Call 911! SEAN: The police are on their way. They're gonna bring you back to your parents, okay? Stay in the van until they get here. Leila, we gotta go. Come on. We got to go. LEILA: Stay here. Help is on the way. SEAN: Okay. (CAR ENGINE SPUTTERING) The car is not starting. Come on. We got to go. Down that way. Come on. We gotta go. Courtesy of the Iady at the end of the bar. (BILLIARD BALLS HITTING) Check her out. Where did she come from? I think she's smiling at me. Maybe the bartender got confused. No. I think she's smiling at me. I think you're gonna have to catch your own ride home... What? ...cowboy. Good Iuck. Thank you. Hi. Thank you or the drink. You Iooked Iike you could use another. And how did you know? Woman's intuition. After you. (EXHALES) Thank you. Of course. So, what happened to that Ieg? (CHUCKLES) Skiing accident. Don't worry. Everything else works just fine. I'm sure it does. (GRUNTING) God! I should've known. Look, if it's money you're after, you're out of Iuck. We don't want your money, Lieutenant Grier. How do you know who I am? What do you want? (PANTING) We want you. See, our good friend's sitting in your Iiving room right now with your wife and daughter, waiting for a kill order from me. You're going to do whatever we ask you to do, starting now. Their Iives depend on how well you follow orders. I don't understand. Just tell me what the hell's going on here. You're going to help us raise an army. Can we stop? I'm tired. Of course. Why are we running away from the police? Because we just have to make sure we're gonna be safe. (CELL PHONE RINGING) It's Collier. Angela, we have her. We found Samantha. Yeah. I know. I just got offwith state police. I'm sending federal agents down there to take over and Iock down the scene. I just got contacted by somebody that's trying to reach you. He said, uh, Michael Buchanan needs to meet with you and Leila. Leila's father? I thought he's in government custody. Who called you? He wouldn't say. It must be a trap. Well, he said that you wouldn't believe him, so he sent along a message from Michael. Something that only you two would know. He said once I told you, you would know that it was the truth. What's the message? That you were going to propose to Leila on that cruise. Walker, you there? Um... How do we get in touch with him? I'll text you the number. Okay, thanks. What is it? Um, Collier said that someone called her. He told her that your father wants to meet with us. (CELL PHONE RINGING) Yes, Eric. What? I'm walking in right now. (CHATTER ON POLICE RADIO) I'm sorry, I tried to stop them. It's all right, Eric. What's going on? Mrs. Lewis... Senator Lewis, I'm Niles Duncan, Sergeant at Arms. I've been asked to secure your husband's office. My office. Yes, Senator, but your husband had a high security clearance, which you do not have. We've been ordered to verify that these files do not contain any classified information. Ordered by whom? The Office of the President. I see. Mr. Duncan, I don't know exactly how to put this, but my husband kept Ietters in his desk. They were of a personal nature. They were sent to him by another woman. I'm sure you must realize how embarrassing this would be if they fell into the wrong hands. Would you allow me to retrieve them? It will be our secret. And I will owe you. CIear this office. Give it to the senator, please. Director Sterling, welcome back. Major Pearson. We just got word of your arrival an hour ago. We would have made preparations. That's quite all right, Major. I'II need a secure room for the questioning and files on the detainees. Why question the detainees now? Has something happened, sir? There's been some new developments. Well, perhaps if you tell me, I can help you. You don't have the clearance, Major. And knowing will do you no good. Trust me. Sir? Your signature's needed on these. Thank you, soldier. Thank you, sir. Do you really think my dad's coming? Yeah. What if it's true? What if he really is one of them? What if... What does that make me? Leila, it's gonna be all right, okay? Daddy! Come here, my Iittle pumpkin. Oh, you're all right. Oh, God! I missed you so much, Daddy. Sean Walker. Michael told me a Iittle about what you've done. Thank you. Hi, pumpkin. Hi, sweetie. (BREATHING HEAVILY) MICHAEL: Hey, what's wrong? We talked to your friend Madeline. She told us. She told us about them. I didn't believe her, but... I saw... We found pictures. Pictures of you from so Iong ago. Is it true, Dad? Are you? I'm sorry. Come here, baby. I'm sorry. We're good. (RADIO CRACKLING) (BOTH GRUNT) Grab him. (GATE BUZZING) BELL: The prisoner is in Interrogation 1. Just up at the end of the hall. I understand she's been questioned exhaustively during her incarceration. Your point, Corporal? Has something changed on the outside to warrant your new interest in her? She murdered a fellow detainee on direct orders from Sophia. Let's just say I may now know why. (GATE BUZZING) Hello again, Maya. We know about the message your people sent from the satellite. I don't know what you're talking about. The message was comprised of one Iine. "Preparations are being made for your arrival." It's a status report for a planned invasion. That's impossible. An invasion would go against everything we believe in. I can make this very unpleasant for you. So I suggest you carefully consider your responses here because there is nothing I won't do to protect my country. You know, the irony is that it was us who swore an oath to protect you. You expect me to believe that, after you killed one of your own rather than have him tell us what he knew? It's the truth. To do no harm. To Ieave this civilization intact. That part of our mission was inviolate. Then explain this. (HORN HONKING) Supply run from Fort Greely. Hell of a ride coming up that hill. For a while there I thought we weren't going to make it. I don't see you on the roster, sir. Really? I personally talked to your night watch commander before we Ieft. Lieutenant Grier. AII right. Just a minute. (PHONE RINGING) Lieutenant Grier. Sir, I got a truck here, supply run from Fort Greely. I don't see it on the roster. Should I permit entry? Sir, should I permit entry? They're clear. Let them in. PEARSON: You don't Iook so good, Lieutenant. You sick? No, sir. I just haven't seen the sun in about six months. You should try those vitamin D supplements. They help. Yes, sir. Why is this vehicle here? Hey, this area has to stay clear for personnel. Sir, you're going to have to move this out. (COUGHING AND GAGGING) We have a breach. Move it! Move it! Let's go! Let's go! Remember, do not engage unless absolutely necessary. We want to keep it quiet till we take care of the rest of the guards. Devon, Jonah, come with me to the command room. The rest of you, you know where to go. What time you got? 1830. That clock's off by 12 minutes. Maybe there was an outage in the sector. This one's off, too. Same thing, 12 minutes. Different sector. What the hell's going on? He's tying his shoe again. What the hell is going on? We have a... What do you think you're doing, Lieutenant? They have my family, sir. (DOOR BANGS OPEN) PEARSON: What the hell do you want? This prison and everyone in it. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 