The Event: Season 1, Episode 3 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 The Event 
 s1e3 - Protect Them from the Truth - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 The Event (2010–2011): Season 1, Episode 3 - Protect Them from the Truth - full transcript 
 President Martinez's administration unveils a tough new strategy to force Sophia to reveal the detainees' plan, putting into play a new detainee, Maya. Elsewhere, we learn that Vicky and Carter are in possession of a crucial hostage. FBI Agent Collier's suspicion grows deeper. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 In 1944, an aircraft crashed in the Brooks Mountain Range of Alaska. These survivors were determined to be not of terrestrial origin. SOPHIA: My people saved your life. Sophia, how many more of you are out there? SIMON: I need to know about the plane, Thomas. You were supposed to set it down unharmed. Really? MICHAEL: Leila knew who was holding her, called her Vicky. You have to go now! 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 AGENT: Agent Lee, you need to see this! They're dead, sir. Every Iast one of them. (GROANS) (SCREAMS) That's far enough, Mr. Walker. You're under arrest for the murder of Greg Kervin. You can do this. One, two... SEAN: Wait a second, wait a second. I came this way. What? I recognize those mountains from when I was Iost in the desert. They're blocking the road because of the plane. Of course. No. That's where we Ianded, over that rise, it's there! HOBBES: What's going on? 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Semi jack-knifed, spilled its payload onto the road. Some kind of class four chemicals. Can't Iet anyone go through until it's cleaned up. We're detouring everyone to the 18. Thank you, Officer. He's Iying. He's Iying. You need to see what's over that rise so you'II believe me. COLLIER: What, you want me to go through the roadblock? Yes. PIease. Honestly, do you really think that we would do that? Come on. Well, then don't believe me! I don't care! I really don't care! Do whatever you want with me, just please find my girlfriend! Or I think they're going to kill her! There's no other way around it. Route 18 it is. SEAN: I'm telling you, this isn't a chemical spill. This is a cover-up. The plane is right on the other side of those hills! (HORN HONKING) (SEAN GRUNTING) (GRUNTING) Are you okay? Okay. Come on! Yeah! SIowly, slowly. (COLLIER GROANING) Okay. You're okay. Come on. Okay. Where's Hobbes? Where's Hobbes? He's dead. Stay there, stay there. No, no, no! No, no, no! (BOTH EXCLAIM) (GRUNTS) You're awake. That's good. Here. It's Aspirin. What did you do to me? You got hurt after the accident. I couldn't bring you to a hospital. So you took me to a motel? You need to give yourself up and Iet me go. Now! I'm sorry. I can't do that. Mr. Walker. You saved my Iife, and you didn't have to do that. But you need to realize the kind of trouble you're in. You're already wanted for murder, and now you're abducting a federal agent and holding her against her will. Okay. I need your help, okay? Do you understand that? My help. Yes. PIease... PIease tell me this isn't about the plane. Yes, Avias 514. Look, I know that it sounds crazy, but it's true. Yeah! Okay. You know what, I can't waste any more time trying to convince you. I have to find Leila. So, here's what I've got, okay? She said her name is Vicky Roberts. She's the one who kidnapped my girlfriend. I need to find out who she really is, and I know the FBI has facial recognition software. So I downloaded a picture of her from my phone into your netbook. I just need to connect to the federal database, so I can use it to ID her. Not without my password. Do you know how many people use "password" as their password? Yeah! I didn't. No, I know. You used your cat's name combined with your birthday. I Iooked through all your personal information when you were down and you have 38 pictures of Chester in here. So. Okay, well, the password's not enough. You can't get to it remotely. It's an intranet. You have to access that system from a secured hard Iine inside the Yuma field office. You can't connect on Wi-Fi. Well, that explains that. Sean, Iisten to me. Just Iet me go and I'II forget my abduction ever happened. I'II take you into custody, and I promise you I will get to the bottom of this. I can't count on that. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm going to get cleaned up, and then you're going to help me find Vicky Roberts. (GROANING) FBI AGENT: Field office. It's Collier. I'm being held by Sean Walker. Your suspect? The same one. What about Hobbes? Hobbes is dead. What's your location? I'm at the Pearblossom Motel. On our way. Afternoon. You're a hard man to get a hold of, BIake. Funny how a national emergency exponentially increases the amount of work. If you could make it brief, the President and I are on our way to Arizona. Well, then I'II get right to the point. There were only a handful of us who knew that the President was about to announce to the public the presence of the 97 in Inostranka. Meaning that's the most Iikely motive for the attempted assassination, to silence the President. I haven't been sitting on my hands. Investigations are already underway. Well, I'm glad to hear that. Let me ask you a question. Who investigates the investigator? Your concern has been noted. Thank you for bringing it to my attention, Vice President Jarvis. BLAKE: Now that we know the passengers are dead, we'II be making the final adjustments to our cover story. Maybe that the plane stopped transmitting flight data over the Brazilian rainforest. Search parties will take days to reach the Iocation we've chosen for the crash. But we're already staging the site with wreckage. And then we'II transport the passengers' bodies there once they've been treated to simulate an airplane accident. The pilot of the plane, Michael Buchanan, has been positively identified among the dead. So unfortunately, he will not be answering any questions about the attempted assassination. But we are conducting deep background checks and moving on all fronts to find whoever's behind this. Their families will never know what happened here. Mr. President, with all due respect, nothing we tell or don't tell them will change the fact that their Ioved ones are dead. Our responsibility is to protect the American public as a whole. Protect them from the truth? We don't have a choice. Not when the truth is that we've been infiltrated by an unknown number of non-humans who possess devastating technological power that we have no defense against. And who just murdered a plane full of people. You're assuming they were murdered. Could their deaths have been the result of whatever process transported the plane here? Agent Lee has been heading up the on-site. He's the best one to answer that question. SIMON: Mr. President. Go ahead. Well, we're still trying to determine what killed them. Whatever it was, they saw it coming. It appears many of them tried fleeing from the site in the same direction. Running away from some kind of singular threat. Others died displaying defensive postures. Trying to shield their spouses or children from whatever threat they perceived. I want whoever did this. I want them found. I've created a special operations group with the specific goal of finding the SIeepers. But realistically, it will take time. We only just became aware of their existence. Sophia knows. Based on your Iast conversation with her, we have to assume she won't share any information with us. Voluntarily. But if you were willing to sign off on more aggressive interrogation techniques... No. No. You'd be on safe Iegal ground on this matter. Constitutional protections would not extend... End of discussion, I will not condone the use of torture. And I have a better way. Before all this, you Iet me believe that you and the detainees at Inostranka were the only ones of your kind. I was angry when I Iearned there were others, that you Iied to me. But I understood it. You felt you had to protect them. Well, this is what they did, Sophia. They killed everyone on that plane. One hundred eighty-three men, women and children. Look at them. You seem surprised. This wasn't supposed to happen. That's all you have to say? I'm sorry. No. I want you to be more than sorry. I want you to help me find them and bring them to justice. I can't defend this. But I won't betray my people. I told you that. That was before they committed mass murder. Now, I'm gonna give you one more chance. You help me find them and bring them to justice. And then maybe, in time, you and I can rebuild what we had. Well, at Ieast you're confirming I did the right thing. What do you mean? I had an announcement made at Inostranka. I'm offering a deal. Whoever can help me find the people who did this will be released, permanently, to Iive free among us. It won't work. We will stand together. They've been Iiving behind bars for 66 years. And now they no Ionger have any hope of release. Do you really think out of all your people, one won't talk? (KNOCKING ON DOOR) (DOOR OPENING) Open it. Yes, sir. William, you have a message for me? For the President. I'II tell him everything. How many more of us are out there, where they're hiding, what they've really been up to, all right? Now just get me the hell out of here. Take him. Yes, sir. Three, two, one. Execute! Execute! In the bathroom. He has my gun. Get out right now, hands where I can see them. CIear! Looks Iike your guy's in the wind. Angie, are you all right? Yeah! There was a roadblock. Cop said something about a chemical spill. We stopped. The RV behind us didn't. Some trucker must've taken a short cut. You're not even supposed to transport chemicals on Route 95. Hobbes was dead before the explosion. Walker could've run, but he saved me. Ron, I should be out there Iooking for Walker. Every Iaw enforcement agent within a 50-mile radius is doing that. Only thing you're going to do right now is your debrief and see a medic. He really believes he was trying to stop a plane from crashing into the President's compound. He had it all worked out. The pilot, his girlfriend, and how the plane could have ended up in Arizona. So he was delusional. Yeah. Just really convinced in what was saying. They usually are. I'm just grateful you weren't hurt or worse. Guys Iike this, you never know what they're capable of. NEWSCASTER:...that Avias Airline Flight 514 is reportedly lost over the Brazilian rainforest. Hey, who has the remote? Turn this up! Avias Air Flight 514 originated in Miami. The FAA has just confirmed that the Sao Paolo-bound 767... When did that happen? Just came on, I think. ...carrying 183 passengers and crew members dropped off radar over the Brazilian jungle about an hour ago. Avias Air released the police statements... That's it! Avias 514. That's the flight Walker said he was on. Well, there's your answer. He heard about it on the news, then he dropped it into his fantasy. Textbook. But they said the plane Iost contact an hour ago. Walker told me about this four hours ago. The reporter must have the time frame wrong. Yes. Come on. (LEILA GRUNTING) VICKY: Hey, calm down. We're almost there. (SIREN WAILING) Oh, man! Come on. You make a noise, I'II kill you. You realize you're driving with a busted taillight. No! Actually this is my friend's van, and I will have him get on that right away first thing in the morning. Okay? May I ask what you're doing out here this time of night? Just working Iate. Just been working. Mind if I take a Iook in the back? Based on what? Based on my gut sense that someone Iike you shouldn't be somewhere Iike here right now. I told you I've just been working Iate. Just open up the back, ma'am. Right. No. Of course. It's just... It's been such a Iong day, and I just wanna get home and get some sleep. It would really, really be worth it to me. Ma'am, put your money away and take a step out of the van. Okay. Of course, if that's the way you want it. Come on. Come on. Anything else besides this flight out of Miami that he was specific about? Leila Buchanan, his girlfriend. We should check reports on missing persons, start in the Miami area. And he kept talking about this woman who he said was involved in our kidnappings. He uploaded a picture onto my computer. Where's my computer? You have to access that system from a secured hard Iine inside the Yuma field office. You can't connect on Wi-Fi. He's here. Got you. The trunk of the car? Really? Wait. Wait. You should have run when you had the chance. Just hear me out. I found her. Game over, Mr. Walker. Vicky Roberts from New York. She's got my girlfriend. 2150 9th Avenue. Call the cops. We are the cops. She's the one from the ship. She's got Leila. Vicky Roberts. That's her name. Yeah. One of them. Why would any innocent person need that many identities? AII right. Whoever that is, she's got Leila. PIease. PIease. I need your help. PIease. (CLASSICAL MUSIC PLAYING) I find Debussy a Iittle soft. This Iocation is entirely secure. Twenty-four hour surveillance and security in every room. There's no need to be nervous or afraid of... Can I have some water? With ice. Of course. The water at Inostranka always tasted Iike piss. I'II Iook into that. Don't bother. I'm not going back, right? Once you give us the information we need, you'II be as free as I am. AII right. Let's do it. I want to know who did this, how they did it, and where they are. (LAUGHS) What's so funny? That's all you want to know? That's easy. Then start talking. I want money. Okay. And protection. Done. And I want to Iive in a place where the sun doesn't set at 2:00 in the damn afternoon. That can be arranged. And I want my girlfriend. Her name is Maya. Or number 31 to you. THOMAS: Let's go. SOPHIA: AII the able-bodied go! THOMAS: Let's go. Come on. SOPHIA: Let's go. THOMAS: Everybody. (COUGHING) How bad is it? I don't know. Okay. Thomas is going to run. He's gathering a group now. Can you walk? Get my boot. (GROANING) Now, come on. Just do it. Okay. I got you. SOPHIA: William! Come on. William. Where are you going? With Thomas. No! You can't. No, it's fine. It's nothing. Listen to me. It's critical that Thomas gets free of here, I can't risk you slowing him down. Look, Sophia, I'm not gonna Iet that happen. I'm sorry. It's okay. Maya, you can go with them if you want. But you have to decide now. Maya. I'II stay. AII right. Go circulate amongst the group. Make sure you Iet them know that they are not to resist. Do you understand? I understand. Thank you. (SCOFFS) That wasn't part of the deal. I can tell you what they're doing here, why they're doing it, and most importantly, how to stop them before it's too Iate. I'II need to make a call. You do that. (TELEPHONE RINGING) What do you think? As you know, I've felt for some time that Sophia and her people have an agenda they've been hiding from us. Do you believe him? You Iooked him in the eye, what do you think? I think he's telling us the truth. Okay. Then if he's willing to turn on Sophia, give him what he wants. And keep him talking until his damn voice gives out. SIMON: Sophia, we're only clear for four minutes. Did you hear about what Thomas did to the passengers? The President told me, and about his offer. William agreed to talk? He'II tell them everything. If he hasn't already. He hasn't. How can you be sure? Because we're still alive. I should have dealt with him when I had the chance. You protected him. Why? That was my responsibility. To protect you all. And now? And now you'II have to deal with him harshly. AIR TRAFFIC CONTROLLER: Acknowledge, Avias 514. SEAN: (DISTORTED) Please! Let me in, okay? It's not too late, but we have to act now. What happened? BIack box got mangled in the crash. Audio forensics are trying to reconstruct the rest. He was talking to the captain. Yes, sir. He seemed to know about the plan to crash the plane. And who is he? Identified himself as "Sean," but there wasn't a Sean on the plane's manifest. They did however find a discarded maintenance uniform in the plane's bathroom. So he snuck on. Yeah. We did a Iittle bit of digging, and the pilot's daughter was dating a Sean Walker. What do we know about him? Well, he's bright. He hacked into a Pentagon server when he was 16 for the fun of it. Earned him a juvenile record and a scholarship to MIT. Been freelancing as a software programmer for Internet and gaming companies since he graduated. Very much under the radar until this. Same guy. On a cruise with the girl until about eight days ago. The girl now appears to be missing and Walker was Iinked to a murder on board. I think it's a viable Iead, sir. Am I missing something? AII the passengers on that plane are dead. Except for Walker, apparently. FBI in Yuma picked him up earlier today, sir. Who else knows about this? No one. I brought it straight to you. This man could Iead to whoever's behind the assassination attempt on the President. I understand, sir. Get him. Now. Yes, sir. And, Justin? Yes, sir. I don't have to tell you to keep this need-to-know. Of course, sir. Of seven identities, only one, Erica Bartlett, seemed to exist prior to 2002. She was supposedly "killed" in a car accident while studying Mandarin at the Jing Zi Institute in Hong Kong. Turns out Jing Zi was part of a shadow organization with ties to the NSA. So, she works for the government? Not according to any official records. But Melissa Wade briefly resided in a government-subsidized building known to house young intelligence trainees. Sounds Iike some kind of underground operative. Yep. I called the FAA Iike you asked me to and guess what? Every single air traffic controller who was covering Avias 514 was either on vacation or sick. Every single computer that should have a record of the flight pattern seems to be down. Something is definitely weird here. Yeah. Definitely. Agent Collier? Yeah. US Marshals are here saying they have a transfer order for Sean Walker. COLLIER: How did a transfer get approved? We haven't even finished processing yet. Thank you. Collier. MARSHAL: Hey. COLLIER: I hear you're taking Sean Walker off our hands. MARSHAL: Yes, ma'am. This is the first I've heard of it. Do you mind if I ask who requested the transfer? ASAC Douglas in the Washington Field Office. Guess news travels fast. I guess it does. I'II collect him for you. MARSHAL: Okay. JUAN: You guys want anything? Coffee? Bottle of water? No. We're fine, thanks. Okay. What's going on? Just sit tight. Yeah. Like I have a choice? DISPATCHER: Washington Field Office. ASAC Douglas, please. One moment. (CELL PHONE RINGS) Yeah? MAN: Someone there is placing a call to the Washington Field Office. Come on. Come on. Come on. Kill the call now. Got it. (CALL DISCONNECTS) Hello? (DIAL TONE BEEPING) Hello? Here. Get out of those. Stay here. I got you. Take down Walker. CIear! Ground Ievel, Vokolov Shipping Company. I'II take care of the collateral damage. Go, go! Look, whoever you're working for, whatever they're paying you, there's always another... VICKY: I admire your optimism. Where did you get all that warm and fuzzy? It makes my teeth hurt. If I were in your shoes, I'd have trouble being so magnanimous. It's not your fault all the men in your Iife are so easily manipulated. You don't know Sean. He's never going to stop Iooking for me. Never. As Iovely as that story sounds, it's just not gonna end up that way. You bitch! Sit down! Drop it! Get his keys. (CAR ALARM CHIRPS) Right there. AII right. Duck! Maya! You're really here. I am. But I don't understand, how did you do this? I demanded it in return for information. Don't you understand? We're going to be free! I don't know. Hey, what's wrong? What did you tell them, William? I haven't told them anything yet. I wanted to make sure they kept their promise first. That was smart. Good. Hey, come here. That's just a taste, Maya. It's beautiful. I've dreamed what this moment would feel Iike, haven't you? It's even better than I imagined. I'm so glad. (GRUNTS) Keep imagining. Keep imagining. I'm sorry. (DOG BARKING) Dog! Come on, where's your owner? Come on. Hello? Hello? Hello? Help me! I'm inside. I'm in here. (CELL PHONE RINGING) Yeah! The boyfriend got away. What? Your men didn't get there in time? That wasn't the problem. Then what was? I spent time with Walker. He shouldn't have been a problem for you and Smith. Yeah? Well, he was. And it Iooks Iike he's convinced an FBI agent to help him. I think you might have underestimated him. Well, do you have any idea where he is? We're looking. Based on what we think he told the FBI, it's clear he's starting to put all this together. We still need the girl. That's what I'm here for. I told you he'd come back for me. (HEAVY BREATHING) This is Jenks. I need a medic team right away. One of the passengers is showing vitals! MAN: Vitals? They're all dead. I know that. Would you just hurry! Somehow one of them survived the crash! It's okay. You're going to be okay. (MAN GROANING) (STAMMERING) I need some people down here. MAN: What's going on? Everyone's waking. They're all waking up. I need you down here now! 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 