The New Normal: Season 1, Episode 13 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 The New Normal 
 s1e13 - Stay-At-Home Dad - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 The New Normal (2012–2013): Season 1, Episode 13 - Stay-At-Home Dad - full transcript 
 Mr. Mom. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 *** and the nanny agency certainly loves you. We just have a couple more questions for you. Tiny things. Can you list the systematic differences between the common cold and sinusitis? And please give me both Western and naturopathic responses. The Internet has both helped and hurt man's development. Discuss. Muppets or puppets? And if you'll please, Ernie or Bert? Our child's hungry, 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 but there's only Swiss chard, a can of sardines, and marshmallows in the house. What do you make? It's Ernie. Time. Thank you for coming. Our son hurts himself... nothing serious, just a skinned knee... but in that moment, the shock of the pain terrifies him. The world seems chaotic and cruel. He needs a source of total love and protection, and as his big teary eyes look up at you, what do you do? I put butter on it? 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Thank you for coming. Sync & corrections by wilson0804 www.Addic7ed.com Well, that was depressing. 11 prospective nannies and not one of them makes the cut. I know, and I do not think we are being that hard to please. Have you been touching my things? Bry, I don't want to hire a nanny. I'm so happy you're saying this. Of course, one of us would have to quit work for a while. Me, me... please let it be me. I've always wanted to be a stay-at-home dad. I'll have playdates and I'll worry about the croup, whatever that is, and-and I'll hang on his every "goo-goo" and "lady gaga." Really, you'd be willing to do that? 'Cause I was kind of thinking that I could do it, too. David, you're a doctor. Your job is life-or-death. I'm just a simple television producer that's changed the world and sets the cultural barometer, and besides, sing! Writes itself. Bry, in all the years that I've known you, you've woken up early once, and that was to watch Kate and William's royal wedding in real time. David, I can do this. It's in the bag. Hey! Surprise! Hey, look at you, sweating like Ann coulter in an iranian mosque. I don't know what any of those words are. So, what's going on? With your birthday coming up, we thought we would treat you to some much deserved pampering. Wha...? A week-long stay at the serenity spa in Sedona? Is it safe to travel to Mexico? It's in Arizona and it's fabulous. You can even get a hot pebble massage for the baby. Oh, this is very sweet, guys, but I can't just leave Shania for a week. We will watch Shania. Boom. Bryan thinks he can be a stay-at-home dad. And David doesn't think I can do it, but once I set my mind to something, I always succeed. Did I not put together that Ikea footstool for Goldie? It was a solitary block. Mm-hmm. Oh, this is so generous. I mean, I haven't been on vacation since Shania was born. So... will you take us up on our offer? Are you kidding? I'm gonna go pack now. Viva Sedona! In my opinion the color palate flat-out does not work. Bryan's going to hate it. I like how the red lamp complements the pink flame duvet. I like the story that it tells, if this were a teen whorehouse in a John Hughes movie. Total redo. Where have you been? You missed rehearsal the other night. Did you follow Bebe Neuwirth home from the gas station again? Yes. Rocky, I've come to a decision. When my baby comes, I'm gonna go on paternity leave. I'm gonna be a stay-at-home dad. You, a stay-at-home-dad? That's like me being a featured actress on girls. Who's gonna take over while you're gone? Well, I guess the sing! Writers can handle it. They have nothing else to do with their lives except buy more ill-fitting fleece items. Excuse me, you need a producer to hold this ship together. You need a Captain. You need me. Ha! Bryan, I've dreamt of being a producer ever since I was a kid. I produced my own version of fat Albert. Even did my own spin-off. Cut, cut, cut! The revenge, people. Now, fat Albert, eat the little white girl! Well, rocky, I didn't realize you wanted to be a producer. Let me prove to you that I can do this. I don't know if you're ready. Hi, Bry. Hi. Hate to interrupt, but my character would never say this stuff. Oh, so you don't like what's written? Maybe you'll like what I wrote. Interior, basement. Night. Brynn, in her cheer uniform, lays tied up on a cold table. A crazy hunchback enters and stabs her several times in the face. We cut to the hospital, and sure enough, Brynn survives but needs a face transplant. Enter. Demi Lovato, who will do it for cheap. I'll do it as written. The ship is yours. I can't stop eating pottery and cigarette ashes. Hey, you two. Ew, what is that smell? We're watching a marathon of my strange addiction and eating some of the "safely edible" obsessions from the show. I ate cotton. Well, it's 10:00. Headed to bed. I think it's a little past Shania's bedtime, too? I'm pretty sure Shania can handle a few more episodes, right? We can't stop now. We haven't found out what happens to that lady who eats her dead husband's ashes. Okay. Bry, I hope you know that, when the baby comes, gonna have to keep him on a schedule. Babies need structure. Aw, would you eat my ashes, babe? I think you need help for this, I think... Bryan! Bry, Shania's calling you. Shh, I took a Lunesta. You can't take sleeping pills when you're responsible for a child. As long as Dr. daddy is here, papa's going to pill down. Bryan! All right, I'm on it. Are you okay? What's wrong? I can't sleep. That creepy mobile above the crib is making scary shadows on the wall. This is an ancient Mayan goddess of sleep; It's very chic. Oh, my God, that is terrifying. It's just that I've never woken up in the middle of the night and not had my mom there to comfort me. Oh. Once upon a time, I saw a woman named Uma Thurman without any makeup on under the harsh fluorescent lights of a walgreens at 2:00 in the morning, clutching a six-pack of vanilla ensure. And... Oh, wait, that story is too scary. I'm so sorry. I'm so glad you're here, Bryan; You're the best. I almost don't miss my... Come on, Bryan, wake up. It's 7:30. Oh, 7:30, thank God. Three more hours of sleep. No, you have exactly 20 minutes to make my breakfast, pack my lunch, quiz me on my spelling words, and drive me to school. School, yes, right, on it! Here you go! Oh. An avocado, a club soda, and a wheel of brie? Well, I could give you camembert, but I doubt your palate is sophisticated enough to appreciate the difference. Come on, let's go! Bye, honey! Have a good day at school! Learn stuff you can Google later. Hi. I'm Courtney, this is Tasha. We are the school's parent project coordinators. Oh, um, I am Bryan. I'm taking care of Shania while her mom's away. Wonderful. My son's Ethan, and he's right over there playing with Courtney's son Ethan. Oh, um, oh, look at them... they're, they're like two little perfect Vegas magicians. How'd you get 'em out the door like that? I barely had time to get pants on Shania. I relate. Yesterday, after strength training, I do the housework, work on my blog... which is kind of a girl, interrupted at 40 kind of thing... marinate an osso buco for dinner, meditate, and it hits me: I haven't prepared Ethan's vegan lunch for school tomorrow yet. How did you possibly get all that done in time? I did. Of course she did. Anyway, we're holding a princess tea and social tomorrow and we were wondering if you, as Shania's caretaker, had time to provide decorations. I do, oh, I definitely do. Great... it is so nice to meet you. Nice to meet you. Bye. There go the botoxic avengers. Are you a Christian dude who preaches to kids not to do drugs or something? Oh, no, no, uh... I'm a dad. I'm a stay-at-home dad. Good times, huh? Having a four-foot tall boss who screams and sneezes in your face. I love taking care of a child. I-I love that that's my daily life. See, I see what you're doing there. Aw... Here, let me try one. Tonight my wife won't visibly recoil at my touch. She's lost all respect for me. And I don't blame her. Oh. Start. Start. Start, start, start, start. Hola, Goldie. How's Sedona? Awesome. I can't stop eating the cucumber on my face. I wish I had ranch dressing. How's Shania? I'm, I'm just checking in. Oh, she is great. She's happy, she's just, you know, wise beyond her years. Um, silly question. David wants to know how to use the washing machine. Oh, Bryan, a man has entered with a bacon sandwich, and there's a lady with big thumbs rubbing my feet. I'm sorry, I don't think I can concentrate on what you're saying anymore. Just put four quarters in the machine and push the biggest knob. All right, thanks. No, n-n-no. Bryan Collins, stay-at-home dad. Shania threw up? Was it on purpose? I need it to be darker. I need it to be brighter. I need soup. I want chicken noodle. I'm cold, I need more blankets. Triangles? I'm hot, I want a fan. I want to watch house hunters international. Will you play with my hair? What's a vagina for other than peeing? I want you to draw a picture of me, but as a pig eating a ham sandwich. Sing me an esoteric Broadway medley. Watch cataract surgery with me on YouTube. I'm gonna try peanuts for the first time. I want to play video games. I want my mommy. I need water. I need air. I'm bored. Hey, Bry, how was your day? What, is the pilot light out or something? I'm trying to figure out how Sylvia plath did it. I can't do it, David. I said I could be a stay-at-home dad, but I can't do it. You have to do it. Bryan! Help me, please. It's the middle of the night. It's 7:00, and it's just dark 'cause you have your sleep mask on. Don't worry. Daddy David's on the job. Shania. Shania? Morning, sunshine. Looks like you're feeling better. Time to get ready for school. But, David... I brought you some hot chocolate, your slippers are beside the bed, and I don't want to rush you, but breakfast is ready downstairs. Hot chocolate? Slippers? Breakfast? It's like I'm at a spa like my mom. Uh-huh. Come on. It's a beautiful day. T minus 60 minutes to go over your math homework and your spelling words... I cannot decide which one I want to do first... and I will have you at school with plenty of time to spare. David, you don't... And... if we have any time left, we can go through your yearbook and I will tell you which one of the boys you like are slam-dunk gays. I thought you said school starts at 8:45. It does. Just not on Saturday. What? It's sat... it's Saturday. Why didn't you tell me? I tried, but you were so excited about staying on schedule. And you gave me hot chocolate. I mean, I'm jacked up. The only thing I have today is a princess tea and social at my friend Bianca's house, but that's not till 3:00. What do we do until then? Ooh! We could go to Radioshack and check out the new cell phone skins. I'm bored. I know it's Saturday, but this is an emergency. I've been getting reports about your behavior on set this week. And do these reports include words such as "excellent" and... "Professional" and "fine as hell"? Rocky, I put my empire in your hands, and you've run around terrorizing people like Christian bale in heels. Cut! Hey, I'm the director. I yell "cut." Not anymore you don't! This is not iCarly. I want shirts off. Girls' tops, too. This is a sex scene! And the key to good sex is moisture, even teen sex! Makeup! Lather 'em up! And when I say "action," I want to see tongues. Where's the water? The production will no longer be providing expensive bottled water. You want some, get it from the park on your way to work and store it in the hump on your back. But I'm thirsty now. Why the hell you need water when we have orange and purple fantas right here? Look! Are you writers all brain-dead?! Another Barbra Streisand medley? This is a high school show. It is not believable that a 16-year-old girl played by a 26-year-old actress would be singing songs by a 70-year-old lady. We're gonna get some real music on this show. This is R. Kelly. Trapped in the closet. And we will be reenacting all 40 chapters. Um, this thing is 90 minutes long. And? We're an hour show. Well, then you'd better write small, nerds. You used the n-word. I know. And I called them nerds. I trusted you at a time when I was completely overwhelmed, and now I have to spend the entire week putting out your fires. I-I'm sorry. I really thought I was doing my best for you. If you need me... ...I'll be at crustacean restaurant, drowning my sorrows in black bean crab. There's everything you need. And thanks again for agreeing to host the party at the last minute. I can't believe the pta decided to schedule an emergency meeting today. We're spearheading an anti-name-calling campaign, and if we're not there, those brain-dead morons will just screw it up. Okay, princess party. Before we get started, I thought we could all get to know each other. Cupcakes! I know. Let's start with cupcakes. Okay, miladies, hope the tea is to your liking. Why are you talking to us like that? We're not four. My apologies, princess Rebecca. Off with me head. Whoa. Tough castle. Hey, where you going? Rebecca and Erin are ignoring me, so I'm going to take a bath. Take a bath? No, no, no. Wait, you can't take a bath. Shania, will you go talk to her, please? I don't really know her that well. Your wife looks like a man. Whoa, where you guys going? It doesn't belong in the ballroom. Oh! All right. Let me jump in! Oh, my lord. Oh! Ow. You hit my face with the zipper. I'm gonna have to get plastic surgery. I honestly don't know why your daddy wants to live alone in an apartment. I thought you were gonna put makeup on yourselves. Quiet, peasant! I really couldn't conjecture who the woman is that keeps calling your house. Maybe... It's a business associate of your father's. Charge! Charge! Charge! Oh, my God. Where did you get all those scissors?! Ha! Girls? They went upstairs to look through your nightstand. My nightst... Look, we found your see-through lotion. Mmm, it tastes like strawberries. I want to taste it. David... You up here? How was the party? I was sure that I could do it better than you, but I couldn't. They're dressed like princesses, but they're monsters. Monsters. I know. We'll figure it out. Is that my tiara? So, you like babies? Oh, yes. Very much. Do you know how to purée a carrot? N-no, but I'm happy to learn. Sounds good. You seem great. No! You cannot hire a nanny. No offense. I'm sure you're wonderful. Bitch. Goldie, what are you doing back here? You still have four more days at the spa. Shania called me. She said she was worried about you guys. We're sorry, Goldie. We thought we could do it, but... We can't. We need professional help. No. You don't. Every parent in the history of parenting goes through this. They think they can't handle it, that it's all gonna fall apart. And the truth is, sometimes it all falls apart. That was... comforting advice. I'm not gonna lie to you guys. Raising a kid is hard. But... You figure it out. I mean, I more or less did it alone. But you two have each other. Yeah, but we both suck. Mm. You both have different strengths. David, you are practical and organized. Bryan, you're fun and creative. I don't think I like my strengths. You don't have to be great at everything, as long as each of you is great at something. You know what? Keep Shania for one more day. You'll see. I came as soon as I got your text. You didn't say what it was about, but I randomly bought you a latte and the ointment for that of which we do not speak. No, no, no, no. It's not about any of that. I've been watching the episode of sing! That you produced in my absence. And it's fantastic. It's one of the best. Ever. Oh, my God. I can't believe the episode made you cry. It did, but that's not why I'm emotional. You shaved 22% off the show's budget. Because you cut bottled water, the studio is honoring me as environmentally conscious instead of cheap. You are brilliant, you are fierce, and you are fine as hell. And it is a privilege to play any part in making your dreams come true. Are you serious? Because if you're not, I will snap you in half. No, no, no. It's not a joke. I do have one more low-level task for you to perform though. Okay. Can you get me that chair over there? How much did that chair cost? And what part of the budget did you take it from? Because this show is not paying for that damn thing. Just so you know. Never wonder why we call of mom who works award. "A working mom" and a dad who works is just called "a dad"? Well, for eons, women were the unsung heroes of raising the kids. They tended the cave while men were hunting, gathering, pillaging, and eventually donning sharp suits to work in ad agencies and host game shows. But families look different now. No matter what their gender, all that matters is being lucky enough thank you. To have a partner to count on, an ally who'll always have your back. Thank you. They are the strengths to your weaknesses, the Yin to your Yang, the Kathie Lee to your Hoda. Look at the face more. Ready? Uh-huh. Perfect. So, in a right triangle, the sum of the square of the legs is equal to? The square of the hypotenuse? And in 2005 which movie won the academy award for best picture? Crash. I know. I don't get it either. Here you go. Thanks. Have a good day! Occasionally, you'll run into a fellow stay-at-home warrior who's struggling with the relentless chaos of doing the hardest job in the world. Aw, come here. When you see one of these pioneers, appreciate that they were trailblazers for the rest of us. And in the end, if you're feeling overwhelmed, sometimes you just have to admit that no one person can do everything. At least not well. Sure, it'll take us a bit to work out the kinks of this whole stay-at-home dad thing. And are we gonna make mistakes? Sure. But at least we'll make them... Together. Sync & corrections by wilson0804 www.Addic7ed.com 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 