Penn & Teller: Bullshit!: Season 1, Episode 13 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Penn & Teller: Bullshit! 
 s1e13 - Environmental Hysteria - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Penn & Teller: Bullshit! (2003–2010): Season 1, Episode 13 - Environmental Hysteria - full transcript 
 Penn and Teller look at some of the more extreme claims of the various environmental organizations. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 1971 the first official Earth Day celebration on the unicycle here.  This is  Penn jillette.  And this is his partner Colin Motion. And that  was bullshit  now.  It's 2003 and this is Penn jillette and this is his partner Teller and this is bullshit.  
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 OpenSubtitles recommends using Nord VPN from 3.49 USD/month ----> osdb.link/vpn This may look like 1971 but actually it's today once again.  People are taking to the streets and protesting what they say is a Global Environmental catastrophe. What could be more fulfilling than getting together to dance yell and save the world from environmental catastrophe but is it the same catastrophe as 1970? Is it a different catastrophe or is it the same catastrophe only now, it's really a catastrophe. Whereas 32 years ago.  I really wasn't that bad.  I can't ask for me.  Even though at the time they said it was you know, 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 it can get confusing this environmental hysteria, but one thing is clear.  There's  some bullshit.  Here  here in Washington DC on a beautiful day with the trees and flowers blooming and not a cloud in the clear blue sky and environmental March will proclaim the Earth to be a cesspool of pollution and Decay and one of the main groups participating is the rainforest Action Network. We asked the group to hook us up with someone we could spend the day with a knowledgeable representative of there. They introduced us to this woman. I think we're at a period of environmental crisis around the world, but that we have the power to change it. I'm Kate low a global Justice activist. Kate is an organizer for the rainforest Action Network. We need to get the message out clean your act. We need to be concerned because we're all interconnected. We need to be concerned because we want the planet to survive for our children and our grandchildren. Jade is Young passionate.  Means well,  but she's also a little alarmist and naive and she's not alone right now. We're facing a global ecological crisis. We do not know if we're going to be able to have our forest left in 50 years. We don't know if we're going to have enough water for the planet as global warming increases. It's definitely going to cause some of the polar ice caps to start melting, you know, in 50 years.  We might not have Florida because the ocean levels Rising I've been really afraid like there's an issue that keeps me awake at night. It's global warming.  Where do these well-intentioned young people get ideas like these from role models who should know better. I think a lot of people don't acknowledge this problem because it's overwhelming. It's really scary.  I'm Ross Gelbspan, and I'm an environmental journalist. There's no debate that the Glaciers are melting that the oceans are warming up that species are going extinct that forests are dying. There's no debate about that stuff. No debate about these stuff? Bullshit! There always has to be debate.  Basically, they are using sensation. Misinformation and scare tactics, I'm Patrick Moore an ecologist and lifelong environmentalist. The environmental movement was basically hijacked by political and social activists who came in and very cleverly learned how to use green rhetoric or green language to cloak agendas that actually had more to do with anti corporatism anti-globalization anti-business and very little to do with science or ecology and that's when I left and what did he leave the Greenpeace organization? Yeah,  Patrick Moore is he's a founder and former president of the granddaddy of all environmental groups. I realized that the movement I had started was being taken over by politico's basically and that they were using it for fundraising purposes. In fact, if you listen to the protesters you start to wonder are they really for the environment or they just against anything to do with capitalism? What is creating Global Warming is preparations and the institution their bottom line is how much money is in the bank at the end of the day Isn't the definition of bottom line on money at the end of the day? For the rest of us the bottom line is: do we have air to breathe? Do we have water to drink are there still for us on our planet? I know the answer is yes.  Yes, and yes,  it's important to note that if you're Pro Socialism or anti globalism or anti Corporation. Those are all I'll find debatable ideas, but couching them environmentalism is bullshit. Just say what you mean don't say corporations are bad because the water is worse today because the water isn't worse today. We're not going to say there are no good Arguments for socialism, but the environment ain't one of them.  We're to participate in  action to quarantine corporate greed. Most of the environmental movement is composed of white upper middle class people who are  I think incorrectly telling people in the rest of the world what to do where people don't live in nice houses and don't have good drinking water and good health standards. I think the environmental movement is basically elitist. We came down to see the Washington Monument. We've been here for two days now. I think some of them are here that don't know what they're here for. I really do.  I think there are people that they've just gathered together and I don't really think that a lot of them know that they're here they're here for drumming and dancing. There's nothing wrong with drumming and dancing but maybe drumming and dancing and studying the scientific data will be more effective. I know that the data  that every year it has gotten increasingly warmer Across the entire world and I think that's definitely a trend that  that is substantiated by  by data  like ozone depletion  is a big thing  has  very powerful.  You know, it's a little bit warmer out right now. It's kind of a nice thing.  Actually.  I mean, I got to sit out in the sun on in October and get a tan. Our big question here is why our cameraman was on this side. Anyway, the idea that these folks didn't really know what they were protesting was a bit disturbing the check this possibility.  We sent one of our Pals Chris McGaha to a rally to collect signatures for a petition. She's going to ask people to sign a petition Banning dihydrogen monoxide.  That's di hydrogen.  Monoxide  water that's right water  and she's not going to lie or even stretch the truth. Not at all.  She's just going to talk about what water is and what it does with vocabulary and tone of environmental hysteria. This is a petition for dihydrogen monoxide. What it is is it's a chemical that is found now in reservoirs and lakes pesticides to be kind of companies are using this styrofoam companies nuclear nuclear companies. And now when they using pesticides when we're watching our fruit and things like that, it's not coming out which of course means that it's end up in the grocery stores and then our baby's food and stuff like that causes excessive sweating excessive urination anything to help the environment. These people signed. We don't know if they thought but they sign there we are. Meanwhile, let's go back to Kate. Once again.  She's the hand-picked representative from the rainforest Action Network surely. She's hip to the real data on global warming. or at least their official stance how big a threat to the Earth is global warming? Global warming or global global chat climate hard to say global warming is a big fat to the planet increases temperatures. It makes  some species  it.  So how big is global warming?  Let's start over Okay.  So the spokesperson for the rainforest Action Network is not much of an expert on global warming, but who is? No one can agree on what causes global warming or even how bad it is? There are some that say it is not happening at all. If the science is that inconclusive if it's possible that the weather changes in the world are a natural process and what the fuck is all the hysteria about. We're living in an increasingly narrow margin of stability and the evidence is all around us journalist Ross kelp span is an influential environmentalist author and lecturer. He likes to present an alarming view of our Earth's future. In fact, he seems to get off on it. Even if these students don't the climate change Is Happening Here and Now In the year 2002 we've seen a thousand people die of heat waves in India and after us and drought conditions, we've lost something like six million acres in the western Us in Northern Canada to forest fires. We've seen this catastrophic floods in Germany and Russia and the Czech Republic. If you read any paper, you can read a lot of stories about environmental disaster, but what you have to understand is bad news sells on Bjorn lomborg.  I'm a skeptical environmentalist. Bjorn lomborg is Public Enemy Number One among environmentalists. His book The skeptical environmentalist pissed them off more than the sight of a Ford Excursion caring only one person. It's important to get the record straight. What I've done here is really I've tried to look at the data that we've taken for granted and say everything is going downhill and looked at it and said is this actually true it turns out no, it's not  if our understanding is based on myths. We're likely to make bad judgments. Lomborg's Extensive research shows that right now the health of the planet is improving on almost all fronts and in areas where it's not getting better. It's getting worse at a much slower rate than in years past. So this guy looked at the same data and killed with the opposite conclusion and that's not the end of Bjorn's heresy. He's raised the ire of his critics because he doesn't believe in just throwing money at environmental problems. A lot of the environmentalist will tell us. Yeah.  If this is a good cost we should do it. It shouldn't Matter how much it cost. Using a cost-benefit analysis is somehow immoral, it somehow put a price tag on life, and a price tag on those things seems immoral. I can certainly understand that emotional response because I feel exactly the same emotional response. But my argument is to say the danger of the Doomsday waiting around the corner is that we end up prioritizing it incorrectly. But if you even suggest a lowering of the volume makes the environmentalist even more hysterical. The question in action will be unbearable. You are talking about crop failures.  You're talking about industry shutting down you're talking about lots of unemployment unchecked global warming will bankrupt the global economy by 2065. Where did Ross get that data?  How did he choose that date?  I'll tell you how this asshole should be dead by then. And won't have to own up and that respect. He's a lot smarter than the people who in 1970s and we'd all be in Hell by two thousand a lot of them still alive and, ho ho, if they were still famous.  We could point and laugh we need to get the debate back to level where we say. This is a good idea.  This might be a little better.  This is certainly not worthwhile doing right now. This is a very important issue  that we can discuss this in a fairly level-headed matter. That's the only way  That we ensure that we get a correct or good prioritization and democratic debate. A serious level headed debate. Okay, Ross. Give us your worst.  First of all from what we know in recent history 16 to 17 hottest years on record have happened since 1980 the five hottest consecutive years were 91 through 95. 1998 is the hottest year on record. That's it.  We're through the peak  1998 was a few years ago.  Does that mean we're now heading into an ice age? Should we run our SUVs Full Throttle Round the Clock to stop this horrible cooling Trend if we plot  temperature patterns of the last hundred years observe surface temperature records that we're all in agreement about put them on a graph and draw a trend line.  We all know what's going to happen with global in the next hundred years. I'm Jared Taylor and I'm the director of natural resource studies. He's with a Cato Institute a Libertarian think tank in Washington DC. The warming will be relatively moderate about 2/3 degrees. higher over the next hundred years. It seems relatively manageable given the fact we've had a one degree Fahrenheit rise in temperature in the last hundred years and we've seen the greatest increase in the standards of living and economic productivity of the history of mankind and we've also seen environmental improvements all during that time. Well global warming is not going to kill off Humanity. It is certainly going to break apart a global economy. It's going to break apart a coherent political system and it's really going to pit people against each other and put us much more in a Survival mode and it's really a big step backward toward the caveman era, you know, he may have something there; Teller gets grumpy when it's hot out. If we don't do anything.  We're going to see a  breakdown of infrastructures.  We're going to see interruptions in the food supply. We're going to see big increases in infectious diseases with a deterioration of resources to deal with those diseases. I mean, it's a really ugly regressive kind of a prospect that we're facing. Again and again and again, you see environmentalists making predictions that hold up about as well as Jean Dixon's predictions in the National Enquirer in the mid 70s. We were told the pollution was going to cause a new Ice Age because we had seen Trends towards cooler air. It turns out that was wrong and many of the very same scientists who argued that an ice age was coming because of industrial pollution then shifted gears and argue that no industrial pollution will bring on a greenhouse warming world with virtually no breath in between. The hypothesis that a warmer world will lead to more extreme weather events. Is being cast into doubt by the last hundred years where it's not a current the big point is that science changes as we gather more data, we advance our ideas and our theories. It's okay.  The environmental movement is gone from global cooling the global warming, but they must remember that we're still gathering information. We're not sure.  Yet meanwhile back of the rallies.  They were hot and heavy on global warming then Well just about anything else they could yell about thank you very much  and our petition woman was getting signatures left and right. Okay mostly left, but  There's a lot of people against that evil water. It's everywhere and we just really need to ban it to more supporters. These passionate inform people didn't even need to ask what the hydrogen monoxide is. They didn't even ask  is Passion supposed to replace Common Sense. We understand the desire to join up and do something important. It's sexy to save the world, but  it got to spend a couple of minutes to find out if you're really saving the world and not just being herded around by some politically-motivated assholes who may not really care that much about the environment. But see this is some chance to raise money for ever. They think is a good idea.  No end justifies the means of lying because man, there were a lot of people who signed the petition and we're not talking a handful of thoses. We're talking hundreds  a lot of urination  vomiting  I will sign Okay,  even the head organizer of this rally signed the petition eagerly. Thank you very much.  Meanwhile, the hysteria continued. It is critical to the planet that we have our forests intact. We're actually gotten to the point where we have less than 20% of our old growth forest left globally. Nobody's going to listen to you.  If you say the world is not going to come to an end. But if you say that the world is coming to an end you get headlines and so sensationalism, especially when it's combined with misinformation leads to a situation where people send gobs of money to these groups for campaigns that are actually totally misguided. We could face a situation where our children have to go to museum to see what an old growth forest. Looks like.  She's quoting Joni Mitchell's ancient Big Yellow Taxi, Just talked to the spokesperson for the rainforest Action Network about something specific to the rainforests. Are there any logging methods that don't hurt the environment? You know,  I'm not an expert on logging.  I know that the lugging methods that I'm here in the streets today that I work on in my life destroy the environment and destroy people's lives. I know.  Okay.  Well maybe spokesperson Kate is not much of an expert on logging either. So for answers, we went to one of the leading Authorities on trees. Yes, indeed ladies and gentlemen, I am a tree hugger. I'm Julia Butterfly Hill.  I'm a person who cares passionately about life and I'm willing to do Something about it in December 1997. Julia made International headlines when she climbed in a redwood and lived there for two years straight in an effort to save the tree from being cut down by a Logging company. I climbed up in the worst winter in recorded history of California. El Nino of 97 90, mile-an-hour wind sleet and hail and rain and snow every day. I climbed up into an active logging plan. So I had to Bear witness to the devastation of a forest that I know we Can't replace I'm not against somebody living in a tree to bring attention to that particular tree. I mean it was a very old tree and in the end it was protected so she won and that was good. But on the other hand, there's a tendency among environmental groups to resort to emotionalism kind of 100% I didn't climb into the tree expecting nature to communicate but the longer I stayed there the more I realized nature was communicating with me when they were cutting Down trees all around the tree.  I was in the tree started pouring sat and I realized that that was the tree communicating its breath to talk about how the tree is alive and has feelings and it hurts it when you cut it down and that sort of stuff. That's pretty well kindergarten talk. I mean it's not true trees are plants like carrots and cabbages, but it's tough to give money to protect carrots even tougher has been two years living in one Nice tree I would never take something from life that I don't need and I think that's our biggest challenge as people is  we are destroying what we need for what we want. We're addicted to our desires without paying attention to the responsibility of our choices. So I wouldn't cut down a tree for paper because I think it's a stupid waste of a gift of a resource She hates paper? She'd rather have every single tree of a medical textbook or a Picasso painting. You know the action they are taking is turning incredible magnificent trees like this one into clear Cuts so that somebody can have Decker siding or a treehouse.  Where does she think her Lumber came from? The campaign against forestry is a classic case of absolutely and totally misleading the general public.  It's true that we are losing forest in the Tropics of this world, but it's not because of logging companies. It's because of of poor people millions of them who are trying to make a living and grow some food for their families. The fact is in North America.  They're still as much Forest as there was a hundred years ago. And the reason there's so much Forest is because we use wood because we cut trees down to make our houses, but the environmental groups have got people thinking that when you go into a lumber yard and by would you're causing the force to be destroyed when in fact what you're doing is ordering new trees to be planted. It is something we have to do in order to feed and house. The six billion people on this Earth. Meanwhile, the thousands of people the rally were really Cutting Loose up in Portland, Oregon primate Center they are actually selling monkeys. We want to offer a solution, solutionism. We can oppress people can press animals and cut down rainforests. We do anything we want for money. Hi Lisa,  and our petition was still getting signatures companies, like pesticide company styrofoam companies nuclear companies all of these people use it. Finally we let her tip it. Are you concerned about water? I am  Is water something that  should be banned? what sort of wattage? Water.  Should be banned? Yes.  No, I don't think so.  I think we need to drink water and I don't know what you mean by water should be banned. This petition is to ban water  Hydrogen monoxide is water  H20 Yeah.  Yeah.  Yeah.  Okay.  Okay,  we set these folks up but it does show that maybe they're not so much environmentalists as they are joiners of anything.  One of the reasons people like environmentalism is that for years and years and years. They've been guilt-tripped for having a car for having a big house for having things like that I think that's what environmentalism really is today. It's a way for people to get rid of guilt feelings. They have about the way they live. If everything's fine, why is there a global corporate anti-corporate movement saying enough is enough you're destroying the planet? And it drives me even further crazy to have them say they're against globalization when their main tools of trade are cell phones and the internet it just makes no sense at all to be against science and technology and then to use It's technology whether it's jet planes to get to International environmental meetings or cell phones or laptop computers you are part of globalization. So, how can you be against it?  Let's check back in with Kate.  Remember?  She's a prominent member and chosen spokesperson for the rainforest Action Network. Maybe she can clarify another argument of environmentalist species Extinction Kate. I think something like the Smithsonian Institute says we're losing 300 species every day, I think. Something to be concerned about and and logging is a direct part of that. Why should the average American be concerned about whether plant and animal species become extinct. We keep saying that Kate is the chosen spokesperson for the rainforest Action Network because if we don't keep saying that it seems like we're just picking on somebody she's not some poor little girl.  She's a woman and she's the woman they chose to represent them sure, we're a piddly stupid crap show. So  maybe they said in the junior varsity speaker, but has no one ever asked any of these very basic questions that we asked? has she never asked these goddamn basic questions of the group that she so fervently supports. Let's hear from another alarmist on species Extinction frankly.  It looks like we're on a crash course towards massive species extinctions in the next 20 years. I'm Nina feste own vice president of species conservation with Defenders of wildlife. We could lose 1/5 or 20% of our species within the next two decades. That's a very short amount of time. Well Greenpeace and the World Wildlife Fund actually try to convince us that 50,000 species are going extinct every year in this world when there isn't one shred of evidence for that. We're talking about the full gamut of species plant and animal and within animal amphibians reptiles birds and mammals nothing.  Is safe when it loses when it's a result of habitat loss and they say the main cause is logging. Of course, they love to blame logging for just about everything bad in the world, but it's absolutely Preposterous. There is no evidence of 50,000 species going extinct the best science tells us that less than 1% of the species in this world will go extinct in the next hundred years. So what about this?  It's difficult to pin down hard numbers on this ha ha on this issue, but it's important. to point out that  if you're on a ship heading toward an iceberg, you don't wait until you have the exact measurements of the iceberg before you put on the brakes and you have to try to not become obsessed with that great fictitious white whale people care about species more now than they used to  so therefore when species go towards the brink of Extinction, we generally put a program in place to help them. That's a good thing.  But to scare people into thinking that half the world's species are going to die off in the next 50 years is absolutely irresponsible. There's really no need anymore to spread guilt and fear about the environment. The solution side is to try and figure out how to do things better not to have campaigns against everything in the world. But rather to have campaigns in which you are shifting from the way you did things before into doing things in a new way that still provide the goods and services we need but do so at less cost to the environment. Of course, there are  real problems with Environment and it's a natural thing to want to save the world to be the hero to purge the corruption to lead the Revolution and revolutions are essential Revolution gave us freedom Revolution gave a science without Revolution. We shrivel  we die.  But when we feel that sexy instinct to save the world were especially vulnerable if we don't stop and do our homework, we can waste our noblest instincts on bullshit. It's easy to feel like a hero.  It's a little harder to be one.  Do you feel that each person has a an individual personal responsibility? I do. Do you do you do that yourself? I myself I don't.  So our day with Kate has come to a close. We've marched alongside these joiners and we've seen their commitment, but what's behind it all let's ask the spokesperson for the rainforest Action Network Kate. Wow. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 