America's Got Talent: Season 15, Episode 10 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 America's Got Talent 
 s15e10 - AGT: 15th Anniversary Special - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 America's Got Talent (2006–…): Season 15, Episode 10 - AGT: 15th Anniversary Special - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 [Aaron Copland's "Hoedown"] ‐ Thank you very much, everybody, and welcome to "America's Got Talent." I'm Regis Philbin. It's the moment we've all been waiting for. [cheering] ‐ What's your name? ‐ My name is Bianca Ryan. [crowd chanting] ‐ "AGT!" "AGT!" "AGT!" "AGT!" [cheers and applause] 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 ♪ ♪ [screaming] ‐ This is your moment now. Let's do it. ‐ Welcome to the season premiere of "America's Got Talent." ‐ It's different, it's hot, it's right now. ‐ Absolutely stunning. [cheering] ‐ Come on! This is talent! ‐ You blew us all away. ‐ I think we just watched history in the making. ‐ That's my first wow moment on this show. ‐ My favorite act thus far. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 ‐ Unbelievable. ‐ I honestly think we're at the start of something big here. ‐ Are you ready? ‐ There are moments in history when you feel like you're a part of something new and exciting. ‐ [screams] ‐ There is nowhere in the whole world you would see this apart from on this stage. ‐ This is originality at its best, and that's why I love this show. [cheering] ‐ Gen‐ius! ♪ ♪ ‐ That was off the chain! [cheering] ♪ ♪ ‐ Ohh! [laughs] ‐ Oh, she did it! ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ‐ Hello, I'm Terry Crews, and welcome to "America's Got Talent's 15th Anniversary Special." "AGT" has been on quite a ride over the last 15 years. It's seen five hosts, 12 judges over 200,000 auditionees, and has earned over 15 billion online views worldwide. Tonight, we reveal the top 15 most viral moments in "AGT" history. Can you guess who is number one? We'll start the countdown in just a moment, but first, let's look back at how it all began. ♪ ♪ ‐ I can't believe we are at our 15th year. And I say that because we couldn't sell the show for the first place. [cheering] To be fair, the pilot was terrible. ♪ ♪ And I thought, it doesn't look great, but the notion of the show is a great idea. And if it wasn't for NBC, we wouldn't be sitting here today having this conversation. ‐ ♪ Had to have high, high hopes for a living ♪ ‐ America has got talent, and you are awesome. ‐ I remember, like, watching the very first episode. There was a lot of silliness, but this show has evolved like no other show has evolved. It's gotten bigger. It's gotten crazier. It's gotten more dangerous. ‐ ♪ Always had high, high, hopes ♪ ‐ It is a monster of a show. I mean, it is gigantic. ♪ ♪ ‐ Something brand‐new to season ten. ‐ And then, of course, along the way, the Golden Buzzer came along. ‐ ♪ The story of my life ♪ ‐ A Golden Buzzer moment, that's the epitome of "AGT." ‐ The joy that you see in people's face‐‐ They're like, "[gasping] Is this happening?" ♪ ♪ ‐ It is a great feeling to be able to press that button. ‐ ♪ The story of my life ♪ ♪ I give her hope ♪ ‐ Watching people's hopes and dreams come true in front of your eyes never gets old. ‐ In the world we live in today, that moment lives online now forever. [cheering] ‐ ♪ The story of my life ♪ ‐ I love watching the acts go viral. The fact that you can go from not being known to 600 million people watching your clip, I mean, it is crazy. When it does happen, it just goes boom. As you've seen year after year, you can go from playing to empty halls to having your own Vegas show. It can change your life. ♪ ♪ ‐ ♪ The story of my life ♪ ‐ I'm getting goosebumps already seeing that. For 15 years, "AGT" has been the world's biggest talent competition, and everybody has a favorite act. Tonight, we're counting down the top 15 most viral moments ever on "AGT." Will your favorite make it? And who is gonna be number one? That is the big question. First up, we're going back to 2013. Sometimes at the auditions, not just the judges but the whole country is left speechless. At number 15, with over 111 million views, it's Special Head. ‐ Special Head, boy, was he special. I remember that day. [mystical whooshing] ‐ Hello. Are you okay? ‐ Oh, I'm‐‐I'm all right. ‐ All right, um, what is your name? ‐ My name is Special Head. ‐ [laughs] [laughter] I've‐‐I, personally, have never taken a sedative but I imagine if I would take a sedative, and look in the mirror, I would see Special Head. [laughter] Go ahead. [cheers and applause] ♪ ♪ So I just think, oh, this is gonna be horrible. ‐ [breathing intensely] [booing] [vocalizing deeply] ‐ [imitating vocalizing] ‐ [continuing vocalization] ‐ [imitating vocalizing] ‐ [continuing vocalization] [vocalizing] [cheers and applause] [vocalizing] [cheers and applause] ♪ ♪ ‐ You know that people are gonna share that video. "You gotta see this. This was on 'AGT.' You're not gonna believe this. Look at this guy." ‐ This was amazing. And I'm sitting right here, and I'm looking, and I'm like, "How is he doing this?" [cheering] ‐ People love magic. You know, I'm actually one of those people who actually believes in magic, 'cause there's certain things that just can't be explained. ‐ You have four yeses. ‐ You're going to Vegas! [cheers and applause] ‐ It was an incredible moment. I might watch it again tonight. [sitar music] ‐ Well, while Simon watches that again, we're moving on. Coming up, more of the top 15 viral moments from "AGT." Will your favorites make the list? ‐ Whoa! ‐ And who took the top spot? ‐ I'm gonna remember this moment for the rest of my life. ‐ We'll be right back. . ♪ ♪ ‐ Tonight, we are counting down the top 15 most viral moments in "AGT" history. Just think how incredible an act has to be to make that list, let alone be number one. Next up, we're going back to 2017. This act used light in mind‐blowing ways and revolutionized pretty much everything. At number 14 on our countdown, with over 119 million views, it's Light Balance. [cheers and applause] ‐ If anything defined what we wanted this show to be, it's them. ‐ We are Light Balance dance troupe from Ukraine. Dance gave us a hope of a better life here in America. ‐ We had no idea what to expect. ‐ This should be interesting. ‐ All of a sudden, the whole house is dark. ♪ ♪ And then‐‐ ♪ ♪ It was incredible. ♪ ♪ [Bruno Mars' "24K Magic"] ‐ ♪ Put your pinkie rings ♪ ♪ Up to the moon ♪ [cheers and applause] ‐ ♪ Girls, what y'all trying to do? ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ 24 karat magic in the air ♪ ♪ Head‐to‐toe, so player ♪ ♪ Look out ♪ ♪ ♪ [cheers and applause] ‐ ♪ More hours, we're just gettin' started ♪ ‐ ♪ This right here is my type of party ♪ ♪ Ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh ♪ ♪ Five more hours, we're just gettin' started ♪ ‐ ♪ Five more hours ♪ ♪ We're just gettin' started ♪ ♪ ♪ [music stops] [cheers and applause] ‐ ♪ 'Cause you're a sky ♪ ♪ 'Cause you're a sky full of stars ♪ ♪ ♪ ‐ It was imaginative, it was different. I thought it was incredible. Congratulations. ‐ Thank you so much. Thank you. ‐ Stop right now! ‐ Here she comes! [cheers and applause] Here she comes! [upbeat music] [cheering] ‐ It was extraordinary. It was one of those things that translates all over the world. ‐ They ended up on a Super Bowl Halftime show. It's never been the same for them. Ever been the same for them. ♪ ♪ ‐ And anyone who gets, you know, one of those 100‐plus million clips yeah, your life's gonna change. [cheers and applause] ‐ Wow. The "AGT" stage has seen a lot of high‐flying acts over the last 15 years. But what these guys did back in 2019, man, I can't even begin to describe it. In at number 13 on our countdown, with over 120 million views, here's V. Unbeatable. ♪ ♪ ‐ A beautiful story. People from India that didn't have many opportunities. ‐ V. Unbeatable? The stage is ready for you guys. Let's go. Follow me. ‐ Let's go on! [cheers and applause] ‐ You know, it doesn't matter whether it's a small country, big country, there are always diamonds waiting to be discovered. I always believe that. ‐ How are you? What's your group's name? ‐ V. Unbeatable. ‐ And where are you from? ‐ Mumbai, India. ‐ Ohh. ‐ Oh, wow. [cheers and applause] ‐ What's it like there? Tell us more about where you're from. ‐ Life in Mumbai, it's, like, very hard. The life in the slums, they don't get proper water. ‐ If you win "America's Got Talent," what do you wanna see for the group? ‐ We want the world to know who is V. Unbeatable. [applause] ‐ Good luck. Let's see what you got. ‐ I really don't know what to expect. And I'm going, this is going to be a dance act? Like, how‐‐ who am I gonna look at? [upbeat music] ♪ ♪ Then... there aren't words. ♪ ♪ [music stops] [music resumes] ‐ [screams] ♪ ♪ [music stops] [music resumes] both: Whoa! ♪ ♪ ‐ Ohh! ♪ ♪ [music ends] [cheers and applause] ‐ ♪ The lights go out ♪ ♪ And leave you standing in the dark ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ No one ever told you ♪ ♪ This would be so hard ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ I know you think your fire ♪ ‐ I've never seen an act like that in my life. And I tell you, I doubt I will again. ‐ ♪ Ooh ♪ ‐ I can't believe what I just saw. ‐ ♪ You got it in you ♪ ‐ I use them so many times now as an example about doing something yourself, how important it is to rehearse. No boundaries. This is gonna change your life. I really do believe that. ‐ Thank you so much, sir. Thank you so much. ‐ They came from nothing, and their lives have changed. ‐ They've become almost like a brand name now. They're getting their own movie, and they tour all over the world. ‐ They even came back for the "Champions" again, and won the show. ‐ V. Unbeatable! [laughs] [cheers and applause] ‐ And I could not be more proud of them. ♪ ♪ ‐ ♪ You got it in you ♪ . [cheers and applause] ‐ We're counting down the top 15 most viral moments on "AGT." Now, over the last 15 years, the world's best magicians have made an impact on our stage, and many have gone on to take over the Vegas Strip. But only one made our viral countdown. From 2018, at number 12 on the countdown, with over 121 million views, here's Shin Lim. ‐ I think what happened on the day we saw Shin is that just before him, we had some awful magician doing yet another card trick. Like I haven't seen that before. So when Shin came out‐‐ What do you do? ‐ I am a card magician. ‐ Okay. Whoopie. It was like, "Oh, great!" I'm not going to ask any more questions, so good luck. ‐ Thanks. ‐ Thank you. ‐ Thank you, guys. ‐ And then literally, we were mesmerized. ‐ Just pick one. ‐ Any one? ‐ Can you write your name? ‐ Okay. [ominous music] ♪ ♪ Wait, it's on the front, now. Wait. Oh, my God. Wow. ♪ ♪ [cheers and applause] Wow. Oh, God. No way! ‐ This close‐up magic is just so special that he does. [cheering] ‐ What? ♪ ♪ ‐ And he did things that we have never seen before. ♪ ♪ ‐ What? What? ‐ It's just another level. ‐ What? ♪ ♪ [cheers and applause] ♪ ♪ ‐ People try to figure out how things are done, so his was shared more than anybody's because they couldn't figure out. Because the magic was real. ♪ ♪ ‐ Ohh! [cheers and applause] ‐ I know in 20 years' time, we're gonna refer back to this video. ‐ That is my name. Oh, my God. ‐ And this is the moment, you know, we found you. ‐ It's, like, sealed inside. ‐ Can you take it out? ‐ No. [cheering] ♪ ♪ What? [cheers and applause] ‐ ♪ I'm just super ♪ ♪ I'm just super ♪ ‐ I did say to somebody earlier on, "I think I've had it with card magic." ‐ Yeah. ‐ I'm now gonna take that back, Shin. ‐ Yes. ‐ My favorite moments normally end up with me looking like an idiot, but somebody turning into a star in front of my eyes. I mean, this was unbelievable. [cheers and applause] ‐ I still cannot close my mouth. I get‐‐literally, I feel like I was like this‐‐ ‐ Yeah, I think we all were. ‐ Thank you, thank you. ♪ ♪ ‐ So I think you've got 3,400 yeses. ♪ ♪ ‐ It was just amazing. But he can't control his hair. ♪ ♪ So good! ‐ ♪ Impossible, impossible ♪ ♪ Impossible, impossible ♪ ‐ I can't wait to see what he does next. ‐ He definitely has a special spot in my heart. ♪ ♪ And he's also very good looking and very charming. ‐ ♪ Impossible, impossible ♪ ‐ Shin waved his magic hand, and Heidi was enchanted. But he wasn't the only act over the years to catch her eye. ‐ What I admire about Heidi is she's very focused. ‐ I just got ten more wrinkles from laughing so much. ‐ She's very funny. ‐ I was like, "Whoa!" ‐ But her one thing is once someone's got their top off, [cheering] ‐ There you go, Heidi. ‐ Mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm. ‐ It's like, boom! ‐ ♪ It's raining men ♪ ♪ Hallelujah ♪ ‐ Yes, yes, yes, yes! [cheers and applause] ♪ ♪ ‐ Sometimes I get a little excited. I'm just looking. ‐ ♪ Hallelujah ♪ ‐ Finally, something for the ladies! [all hooting] ♪ ♪ ‐ If you see Heidi doing that, cut to the stage, [record scratches] It's a man without a shirt. ‐ ♪ It's raining men ♪ ♪ Hallelujah ♪ ‐ Whoa! Yeah! Now that's what I'm talking about. So nice to look at. ♪ ♪ You all look very hot. I can't wait to see this again. [screams] His body is insane. Oh, yeah, I kiss this big one. ‐ It's not just scantily‐clad men. ‐ Give a kiss to Mama. [kissing] [cheers and applause] ‐ She's kissed not one pig, two pigs. Ohh. ‐ [laughs] Oh, that's right. That was fun. [snorting] ‐ ♪ It's raining men ♪ ‐ More of the top 15 viral moments from "AGT." [cheers and applause] ‐ [singing] Who's made it? Who just missed the cut? ‐ [shrieks] ‐ Ohh! ‐ Stay right there. See if you're right. . ♪ ♪ ‐ We are counting down the top 15 most viral "AGT" acts of all time, and many of them make you question your sanity. Over the years, "AGT" has brought you some of the scariest, most heart‐stopping danger acts in the world. Take a deep breath‐‐ [inhales] and check this out. ‐ No, no, no! ‐ Watching a danger act is like why do you like watching a horror movie? ‐ Oh, my God. ‐ Why do I wanna watch something which scares me? [screaming] But there's something compelling. I can't explain it. [screaming] ‐ A lot of people hook things onto body parts. [screaming] God gave us hands. There's no reason to clip it to your nipples. That's all I'm saying. ‐ [coughing] Sorry, sorry, sorry. Oh‐‐ ‐ To have to pull a sword out of someone's throat‐‐ No, no, no! ‐ Pull it! Pull it! ‐ All right! It was horrific. ‐ Pull out the sword! ‐ I can't! ♪ ♪ ‐ When I say they are literally putting their lives on the line, they are. I've seen people being shot in the neck on live TV. ♪ ♪ And I'm looking around for the, you know, the ambulance. And in the meantime, Mel and Heidi are still judging the act. ‐ We had the silly music, it's an "I Love Lucy" set. ‐ Why are we judging this act? He needs to go to a hospital now. ‐ Go to the EMT. You know how sometimes on our show, we say, "Don't do this at home"? [engine revving] [shouting] These people, they blew up a bus with themselves in it. ♪ ♪ ‐ [screams] They're going up this ramp, flying‐‐[whooshes] ‐ It is terrifying, but it is like being on the best roller coaster in the world. ♪ ♪ It gives you an adrenaline rush. ♪ ♪ So I love the danger acts. ♪ ♪ [cheers and applause] ‐ I mean, wow. "AGT" has had danger acts since day one. But in 2018, we met one of the very greatest. Think you know who it is? At number 11, with over 147 million views, it's the terrifying Aaron Crow. ♪ ♪ ‐ Aaron Crow, number 11, and he is so scary because also he doesn't speak. So he comes onto the stage... ♪ ♪ And he is just like‐‐ ♪ ♪ [cheers and applause] ‐ Wait, he's coming down here? ‐ No, why is he coming here now? ‐ Why's he coming here? ‐ He doesn't have to come here. ‐ No, don't come here. ‐ He said he wanted a volunteer. I‐‐I don't shake hands. Hi. How are you? And I said yes. Really? [cheering] ‐ Go up there, Howie. It'll be fine. Bye. ‐ Uh‐uh. Howie. ‐ [laughs] [cheering] ‐ No. ♪ ♪ ‐ Really? ‐ Oh, my God. ‐ Are you kidding? ♪ ♪ ‐ He literally shut his eyes by putting wax from the candle. Drip, drip, drip. I mean, he did it right then and there. He's sticking his eyes shut with the wax. [crowd groaning] ♪ ♪ ‐ That's not funny. ‐ [mouthing words] ♪ ♪ ‐ Do not try this at home. Do not try this at work. Do not try this at school. ‐ He's gonna use the sword! No! ‐ No! ‐ Shoot! ♪ ♪ ‐ Howie, don't move. Don't move. ‐ No! ‐ Don't move! ‐ [screams] ‐ No, no, don't! Don't move! ♪ ♪ ‐ No. ‐ Oh, my God! ‐ [screams] ‐ [whimpers] ♪ ♪ Oh, my God. Oh, no. [music stops] ‐ [screams] ‐ [audience screams] ♪ ♪ ‐ [screams] ‐ ♪ Start me up, open my eyes ♪ ♪ Let me loose, and you'll see why ♪ ♪ I was born, born ready ♪ ♪ I was born ♪ ‐ You know, um, I think he nearly cut Howie's head off. ‐ You know what people are gonna be saying tomorrow? ‐ What? ‐ "How much of an idiot is Howie Mandel?" ‐ I mean, literally, you were two inches away from being dead, there. ‐ My wife watched, and I came home, and she goes, "Why did you do that?" And I said, "I'm sorry." She goes, "I'm not talking to you." ‐ Four yeses. Well done. [cheers and applause] ‐ He moved a step ahead in the competition. I moved two steps back in my marriage. ♪ ♪ ‐ Well, Aaron Crow may have given us chills, but our next act is really gonna get your heart warmed up again. It's the incredible story of a young boy who survived cancer and whose first audition in 2019 went viral. He's had over 149 million views. He's made the top ten at number ten. It's Tyler Butler‐Figueroa. ‐ Oh. ‐ Oh, my God. ‐ I think at number ten was special for everyone. ‐ Hi. ‐ What's your name? ‐ My name is Tyler. ‐ How old are you, Tyler? ‐ I'm 11 years old. ‐ And what made you get into playing violin? ‐ I wanted to start playing the violin because I was being bullied at school. ‐ Aw. ‐ Because I had cancer, and I almost died. ‐ This beautiful, young survivor of cancer to come with this violin, I think everybody felt‐‐ felt something special for him. [cheers and applause] ‐ You cannot imagine being a parent in that situation. Then you see what he's gone through, coming on, tiny little thing, onto the stage. He's shy, and then, bang. ‐ ♪ What doesn't kill you makes you stronger ♪ ♪ Stand a little taller ♪ ♪ Doesn't mean I'm lonely ♪ ‐ Yes! ‐ ♪ When I'm alone ♪ ♪ What doesn't kill you makes a fighter ♪ ♪ Footsteps even lighter ♪ ♪ Doesn't mean I'm over 'cause you're gone ♪ ♪ What doesn't kill you makes you stronger ♪ ‐ Whoo! ‐ ♪ Stonger ♪ ♪ Just me, myself, and I ♪ ♪ What doesn't kill you makes you stronger ♪ ♪ Stand a little taller ♪ ♪ Doesn't mean I'm lonely when I'm alone ♪ ♪ When I'm alone ♪ [cheers and applause] ♪ ♪ [cheers and applause] ♪ ♪ ‐ ♪ I will fight ♪ ♪ I will fight for you ♪ ‐ I think you have such an amazing talent, such a personality, and I would like to say something on your behalf to the bullies. ♪ ♪ ‐ ♪ I'm not givin' up ♪ ♪ I'm not givin' up, givin' up, no, not yet ♪ ‐ I didn't even think about it. I mean, it was just like my hand was just already doing it. I mean, it was just so obvious. ♪ ♪ ‐ You see all the gold come down. Imagine what he's feeling after all that he went through. He deserved this moment. ‐ ♪ No, not me ♪ ♪ Even when nobody else believes ♪ ♪ I'm not goin' down that easily ♪ ‐ You are amazing. ‐ ♪ So don't give up on me ♪ ‐ We've become close over the years, myself and his family. And I don't use this term lightly when I say inspirational. He really, really is. So I'm not in the slightest bit surprised to hear that he's got so many hits. ‐ ♪ Don't give up on me ♪ ‐ Simon was mighty quick to give Tyler the Golden Buzzer, but we all know impressing him ain't easy, even though that's the one goal so many acts have when they walk on stage. ‐ When Simon smiles, the world stops. ‐ Doesn't it? ‐ So many acts are in love with Simon Cowell. ‐ Gonna meet... [singing together] ♪ Simon Cowell ♪ ‐ People all think he's mean, but he's not. I think he's honest. ‐ Your problem is that you don't take risks. ‐ I think people like to hear his honest opinion because he personally has made so many stars. ‐ We should just come up with a better song. ‐ He is a legitimate music mogul. If you aspire to be in music, he is the guy. ‐ I don't know what happened, but your voice all of a sudden transformed into something that was really amazing. ‐ These shows were created to find stars. So please do something original. Otherwise, you're wasting your time and my time. ‐ Simon, I just‐‐honey, I need you to put your hands all over my dreams. ‐ ♪ Higher and higher ♪ ‐ My favorite judge is Simon. ‐ Simon, I love you. ‐ We love you so much. ‐ You're my idol literally, and I love you so much. ‐ They're obsessed with him. It's super funny. ‐ What do you love about Simon so much? ‐ He pretends that he's tough, but inside of him is juicy with love. [cheering] ‐ And then you think it's only singers, but it's not only singers that love Simon. ‐ [screaming] [grunts] ‐ What the bloody hell is that? ‐ [yelling] ‐ I call myself the crazy candle Who attracts the crazy moths. ‐ Oh! ‐ What the bloody hell was that? And wherever I go, they come with me. What the bloody hell was that? I just attract those kind of people, and I must love them. [laughter] Or maybe I'm one of them myself. ‐ ♪ I love you, Simon ♪ [buzzer blares] ♪ ♪ . ♪ ♪ ‐ We're counting down the top 15 most viral "AGT" acts of all time, and we're already into the top ten. It is an unbelievable milestone to hit to think you're one of the ten most‐viewed "AGT" acts of all time. And this next singer from 2017 so deserves her spot. She's had over 159 million views. She's just nine years old, and in at number nine on our countdown, here's Celine Tam. ♪ ♪ ‐ Hi. ‐ You see this little, adorable girl walk out on stage. And I thought, "What's she gonna do?" ‐ Hi. ‐ Hi. ‐ My name is Celine, and I'm nine years old. ‐ Do I remember Celine? Of course. I remember Celine, I remember her sister Dion. ‐ Aw. ‐ Celine and Deon. ‐ Ohh. ‐ Oh, wow. ‐ The whole family was obsessed with Celine Dion. ‐ What kind of music do you like to listen to? ‐ I like, uh‐‐ ‐ Celine Dion. ‐ Yeah. [laughter] ‐ What made me laugh was the fact that it was so obvious she was gonna sing a Celine Dion song. Like, shocker. ‐ ♪ Every night in my dreams ♪ ♪ I see you, I feel you ♪ ♪ That is how I know ♪ ♪ You go on ♪ ♪ Near, far ♪ ♪ Wherever you are ♪ ♪ I believe that ♪ ‐ I remember seeing on TV that tiny little girl and then suddenly, she opens her mouth and it's this voice. ‐ ♪ You're here ♪ ♪ There's nothing I fear ♪ ♪ And I know that ♪ ♪ My heart will ♪ ♪ Go on ♪ ‐ I mean, Celine Dion, that is a song that most people wouldn't even wanna touch. And here's this little girl just like‐‐ [vocalizing] ‐ ♪ You are safe in my heart ♪ ♪ And my heart will ♪ ♪ Go on and on ♪ [cheers and applause] ‐ Thank you. Thank you. ♪ ♪ ‐ She delivered it as good as Celine. It was like a Mini Me. That was pretty amazing, it really was. ‐ Celine, I wanna know, that's obviously not you singing so who is that singing? [laughter] ‐ It's me. ‐ [laughs] ‐ It is 100% you? ‐ Yes. ‐ Okay, well then, you are incredible. ‐ Thank you. [cheers and applause] ‐ She's an adorable girl, by the way. And the fact that people are sharing that performance, that's a great feeling. [cheers and applause] ‐ There's a lot of things that you can say about Celine, but crazy isn't one of them. But y'all know, America does love acts that are bizarre and, well, just plain wacky. And over the last 15 years, the judges have seen a lot of acts that made them go, "Wait, what?" Check it out. Hit it. ♪ ♪ ‐ Oh! ‐ "AGT" is great because you get the most wacky, crazy acts in the world. ‐ [woman screams] ‐ If you're just tuning in now, you're gonna be going, "What the hell am I watching?" [crowd exclaiming] ♪ ♪ ‐ For me, you can't be wacky enough. ‐ Howie, are you my daddy? ‐ I love character. That's why I love Charles and Rose. ‐ Simon, I think you're so handsome. ‐ Rosie, you are a little minx, aren't you? ‐ Thank you, Simon. ‐ They're hysterical. But I don't think they're trying to be hysterical. ‐ [singing indistinctly] ‐ He's forgetting the words. ‐ ♪ Viva Las Vegas ♪ ‐ That's the end? ‐ Why'd you stop? ♪ ♪ ‐ ♪ All I ever wanted was love ♪ ‐ One of the wackiest acts I remember are Yumbo Dump. ‐ Sound of a drop of water. [wet plunk] [laughter] ‐ ♪ We've got a stupid love ♪ ‐ How did they come up with that? Are they sitting at home and they're, like, sweaty and then they, like‐‐ [kissing] [squeaking] Because it needs to be, I guess, juicy for them to‐‐ [kissing] [squeaking] ‐ ♪ I want your stupid love ♪ ‐ You know what's weird about Yuriyan Retriever? That's how I dance now. I just‐‐ she just inspi‐‐ ♪ ♪ She inspired me. ‐ I think it's safe to say that we could all have done that. ‐ No. ‐ I'm doing it. ‐ ♪ Your stupid love ♪ ‐ [screams] ‐ I think quirky, weird, different is what makes "America's Got Talent" the show it is. ‐ No! No! ‐ Where else do you see it, if not on "America's Got Talent"? ‐ This is not why I came back to America. [cheers and applause] ‐ Next up are a couple of guys from 2017 keeping a weird tradition alive. You'd think the act would be obvious from its name. But you could not be more wrong. Cooking up over 231 million views, at number eight of the top 15, it's Men With Pans. [cheers and applause] ‐ Um, I don't know what to say about number eight, the men with the pans. ‐ We are... both: Men With Pans. ‐ Men With Pans. [opera music] ‐ Okay, this goes back to showing something we shouldn't be looking at, right? 'Cause they certainly did on that day. ♪ ♪ [laughter] [playful music] ‐ I remember that. Two guys on the stage, butt naked with their willies out... ♪ ♪ trying to cover them with the frying pan. ♪ ♪ ‐ There are people that are willing to do anything to make it. ♪ ♪ ‐ I thought at the beginning, this is gonna be offensive, but it was so much fun. ♪ ♪ ‐ People couldn't believe it. They were like‐‐[gasps] ♪ ♪ [buzzer blares] ♪ ♪ ‐ Yeah, I do remember buzzing them, and rightly so. ♪ ♪ [laughter] [buzzer blares] ♪ ♪ ‐ There is cheeks and things in people's faces. It was so uncomfortably funny. ♪ ♪ ‐ [laughs] ♪ ♪ [applause] ‐ Every time I use a pan, I think of them now. [cheers and applause] ‐ Can you imagine those two rehearsing that? [laughs] How many times they had to do that to get that right. ♪ ♪ ‐ God. ‐ That was the funniest thing I've seen all day. ‐ Yeah! [cheers and applause] ‐ A quarter of a billion views looking at two chefs' willies. ♪ ♪ Says a lot about the world we live in right now [cheering] ‐ ♪ That's amore ♪ . ♪ ♪ ‐ We are halfway through the countdown of the top 15 most viral acts in "AGT" history. Can you imagine what it's gonna feel like to be at number one? It's coming up soon. Now, of course, over the years, "AGT" has seen a lot of singers, ventriloquists and comedians. But next up in the top 15 is a guy who never said a word. Not one. At number seven, with over 242 million views, here's Tape Face. [cheering] ‐ Where are you from? ♪ ♪ Um, what's your act? ‐ I love Tape Face. And I remember him distinctly. ‐ He had makeup, you know, he had, like, black eyeliner and a tape face. And I was like, who's this guy? ‐ Good evening. You are? You are you. What‐‐ What are you going to be doing? You don't know. He started miming. I hate mime. Hate mime. Go ahead and do what it is you do. Don't wanna see a mime. When he started, like, just with his gestures, Oh, no. Do I have to even face this way? [Lionel Richie's "Endless Love"] ♪ ♪ ‐ ♪ My love ♪ [laughter] ♪ There's only you in my life ♪ ♪ The only thing that's bright ♪ ‐ [laughs] It's so silly. ‐ ♪ My first love ♪ ‐ There was something about it. It was just so weird. It comes under the stupid category, but stupid good category. ‐ ♪ You're every step I make ♪ [laughter] ‐ It really, really made me laugh. It was the Lionel Richie song. ‐ ♪ I want to share ♪ both: ♪ All my love ♪ ♪ With you ♪ ‐ ♪ No one else will do ♪ ‐ I thought he was gonna be very serious ♪ I thought it was really cute and funny. ‐ ♪ Your eyes, your eyes ♪ both: ♪ They tell me how much you care ♪ ‐ Tape Face stood out drastically... ‐ ♪ My endless love ♪ ‐ Because what he does is so simple. But yet, so clever. And it just really shows how with, like, a few props and, like, a really bright mind, you can come up with a really clever act. [Chris de Burgh's "Lady in Red"] ♪ ♪ You know, he was just kind of like, pretending to dance with a girl. ♪ ♪ ‐ ♪ Never seen you looking so lovely ♪ ♪ As you did tonight ♪ ♪ I've never seen you ♪ ‐ This guy's brilliant. He's brilliant. It was hysterical. It was unique. He was original. ‐ ♪ I've never seen so many men ♪ ♪ Ask you if you wanted to dance ♪ ♪ Lookin' for a little romance ♪ ♪ Given half a chance ♪ [cheers and applause] ♪ And I have never seen that dress you're wearing ♪ ‐ I remember on the day thinking I just have a feeling people are gonna love this act. ♪ ♪ ‐ ♪ I have been blind ♪ ♪ Lady in red ♪ [cheers and applause] ‐ Whoa! ‐ ♪ Is dancing with me ♪ ‐ I like the fact that we don't know who you are, anything about you, or what you're gonna do. Brilliant. [cheers and applause] ‐ At first, I thought you were so creepy. [laughter] But then I really, truly loved it. ‐ I agree, and I think your life has changed tonight. And by this time tomorrow, everyone in America‐‐ no, no one in America is gonna know your name. He changed my mind for a‐‐ I now am a huge mime fan. Not miming. One mime. Tape Face. [cheers and applause] ‐ Well, it's tough to tell if Tape Face thought Howie was funny. But that never stops Howie from working tirelessly to get the last laugh. ‐ Howie is one of the most fun people I've ever met in my life. [cheers and applause] ‐ He sees something, and he can immediately turn it into a joke. ‐ Is that an actual banana, or are you just excited to be here? ‐ The only problem is sometimes it's really not funny. ‐ I'll be here all week. I'll be here all week. ‐ He knows that it irritates me, and I think that's part of why he does it. ‐ Well, break a leg. [laughter] ‐ No. ‐ Howie. Sometimes I say to him, "Howie, you're overacting." ‐ No, no! ‐ It wasn't that dangerous. ‐ It's funny, when people are talking about the show, they make fun of me because I'm the overreactor. ‐ Look at Howie Mandel. It's like he's never seen this before, but he actually has, a lot. ‐ [screaming] ‐ Oh! Oh! ‐ ♪ I'm so excited ♪ ‐ I get so into it. ‐ Check it out. ‐ Oh! Sometimes there's people dancing, and I wanna join them. And I've taken my top off. [crowd shouting] ‐ What is happening? ‐ ♪ I'm so excited ♪ ‐ [laughs] ‐ ♪ And I just can't hide it ♪ ‐ When I watch it back, I go, what am I doing? It's embarrassing. You can't take that back. It's on video. Is it on this show? What is that? ‐ Oh! ‐ Oh! Is there any way to rewind and lose that clip? ‐ ♪ I'm so excited ♪ ‐ No? [cheers and applause] ‐ One of our top ten is a singer who won the whole competition, performing her own songs. Know who I'm talking about? And we break into the top five most viral acts of all time. ‐ [laughing] ‐ There are huge moments to come, and who will be number one? . ♪ ♪ ‐ This is the countdown of the top 15 most viral "AGT" acts of all time. We're almost at the top five. Are you getting nervous for your favorites? Hang in there. Right now, she became a star right in front of our eyes on the "AGT" stage. From 2016, she's at number six on our countdown. With over 260 million views, Grace VanderWaal. ‐ [indistinct] ‐ You're gonna do fine. I guarantee that you will do fine. ‐ I'm Grace VanderWaal, I'm 12 years old, and I love to sing. I'm doing my own song tonight 'cause I really think that shows who I am. I hope it does. I really hope. [laughs]. ‐ I remember it like it was yesterday when Grace walked onto that stage. You know, real cute outfit, and then she comes with her little ukulele and she's super shy. ‐ Hi, young lady. What is your name? ‐ Grace. ‐ Are you excited to be here. ‐ It's crazy. [laughter] ‐ It was a bit like when I remember auditioning Carrie Underwood that first time. You know, it was like‐‐ There was just something about her when she came in. What are you gonna sing? ‐ I'm singing an original. ‐ Really? ‐ Yes. ‐ I'm the proponent of not singing original songs. Ultimately, America gets the vote. So you're gonna win some votes if you sing a popular song. ‐ Do you believe that you can win? ‐ Well, I mean, miracles can happen, so possibly. ‐ I always say risk is being safe. Uh, taking a chance is not risky. No, it was absolutely the right thing to do. [strums] ‐ ♪ I don't know my name ♪ ♪ I don't play by the rules of the game ♪ [cheers and applause] ♪ So you say I'm just trying ♪ ♪ Just trying ♪ ♪ I'm lost ♪ ♪ Trying to get found in an ocean of people ♪ ♪ Please don't ask me anymore ♪ ♪ That I don't know my name ♪ ♪ I don't play by the rules of the game ♪ ‐ My favorite thing about this show is being surprised. ‐ ♪ Just trying ♪ ‐ She plays this song, "You Don't Know My Name." ‐ ♪ Just trying ♪ ‐ It just blew me away. ‐ ♪ I now know my name ♪ [cheers and applause] ♪ I don't play by the rules of the game ♪ ♪ So you say I'm not trying ♪ ♪ But I'm trying to find my way ♪ [cheers and applause] ♪ ♪ ‐ I'll never forget that moment. ‐ Oh, my God. ‐ Everybody related to that song. Oh, my God. You know, we all feel like we're unknown. We all make up our own rules. And sometimes, when you take your own path, that's how you succeed. That's what Grace VanderWaal did. Your original about people not knowing your name is so right and so wrong, because I think the world is gonna know your name. [cheers and applause] because you are going right through. [cheers and applause] ‐ ♪ Keep breathing ♪ ♪ Now ♪ ‐ With 260 million views, I think Howie knew what he was doing. ‐ Can I get a hug? Wow. You are amazing. I knew it. I felt it. I'm glad that I witnessed it. And I'm glad that I pressed that button. ♪ ♪ ‐ I feel like this‐‐ I'm kinda just daydreaming, and I'm getting ready to wake up. [cheers and applause] ‐ I feel like her voice and her playing the ukulele started, like, a whole new movement of, you know, that type of singing and playing ukulele, including my daughter, who now plays it, too. ‐ I 100% think we've got a star. ‐ Amazing. ‐ Wow. ‐ Yeah, I really do. ‐ Wow, that is a big wow. ‐ This girl is special. That's an audition we'll never forget. That's a "that's how you do it" audition. ‐ You feel a little bit of ownership. Simon makes fun of me, because when she finally won, ‐ Grace VanderWaal! [cheers and applause] ‐ He could not get out of his seat quick enough. ♪ ♪ ‐ Mine! Boom. I did it. You know? ‐ Yes, Howie, it's your Golden Buzzer. Yes, Howie, you saw her first. Yes, Howie, yes. ♪ ♪ If it was mine, I would be bragging about it, too. ♪ ♪ ‐ Grace went on to become one of our most successful acts ever, and she's not the only one, because for a lot of our contestants, "AGT" is just the beginning of living their dream. ‐ Grace VanderWaal! ‐ Winning "America's Got Talent" completely changed my life. I feel like, right now, the sky's really the limit. ♪ I love you ♪ ‐ The great thing about Grace is she's very, very smart. I saw her grow, both as a singer and in movies. It's amazing, and one of our best ever competitors. [cheering] ‐ Over the last 15 years, we have seen so many of these talented people really skyrocket. ‐ They've got record deals, they're headliners. It's so exciting. ‐ One! ‐ I'm on a billboard! Oh, my God! ‐ Is it the greatest thing ever? ‐ Uh, yes, to tell you the truth, it's amazing. I mean, winning "AGT" changed my life. ‐ Please welcome to the stage, R&B; princess, Kehlani. ‐ Kehlani was in Poplyfe as a kid. ‐ ♪ See my name in shining light ♪ ‐ Do you know who Kehlani is now? She is now Kehlani. ‐ Congratulations on the Grammy nomination. How does it feel? ‐ Um, thank you so much. And it feels super crazy. ‐ She's a huge star. ♪ ♪ ‐ And there's Jackie Evancho, for example, who is now a huge success. ‐ Jackie has sold a billion albums, has still got a great career going. ‐ I think one of the most important acts are JabbaWockeeZ. I think they were one of the first dance acts to get their own show in Vegas. ‐ ♪ Hey, look, Ma, I made it ♪ ‐ If you drive down the Las Vegas Strip just to look at the billboards, there's Mat Franco... ‐ And he's been mesmerizing audiences with his show "Magic Reinvented Nightly." [cheers and applause] ‐ But there's also, like, Shin Lim. ‐ Ladies and gentlemen, Shin Lim! ‐ "AGT's" where it all started for me. Ever since I won, it's just been non‐stop. ‐ Piff the Magic Dragon. ‐ So you got your own Vegas resident show. ‐ Yeah. ‐ If you look at the Strip, and you look at all the posters, They came from "AGT," she came from "AGT." You know, to do well in Vegas, it's a big deal. ‐ ♪ Gonna be the greatest ♪ ‐ I think the most successful "America's Got Talent" contestant has to be Terry Fator. ‐ Terry Fator! ‐ Thank you so much, America. ‐ ♪ Hey, look, Ma, I made it ♪ ‐ Can you quite believe what's happened to you? ‐ No. It's absolutely phenomenal. It's the true story of the American dream of what we all hope and aspire for. Whoo! ‐ Terry Fator, I'll never forget, he called me, and he went, "I've just been offered a contract in Vegas. It's $100 million." [record scratches] I went, "What?" [cheers and applause] ‐ How can a ventriloquist get all that money? I'm really gonna get into this ventriloquist business, I think. ‐ Dude! ‐ [laughs] ‐ If you wanna change your life and win a million dollars, auditions are already open for next season. Next year, this could be you. . ♪ ♪ ‐ In 2017, she told us about her fight against kidney failure and her mom's gift that saved her life. Her incredible performance at Judge Cuts puts her at number five on our countdown. With over 296 million views, she is Angelica Hale. [cheers and applause] ‐ Number five, Angelica, that was spectacular‐‐ a little girl that had gone through so much. ‐ It was my dream to be on "America's Got Talent." Like, I would watch it all the time like, "I wanna be on there." [laughs] ‐ You know, being in the hospital and watching the show, it set herself a goal to work towards. Hi, Angelica, how are you? ‐ I'm good. ‐ Are you a little bit less nervous than last time or more nervous? ‐ A little more nervous, actually, but still excited. ‐ I wish you good luck today. ‐ Thank you. [cheers and applause] ‐ How fun is she? ♪ ♪ ‐ ♪ She's just a girl, and she's on fire ♪ [cheering] ♪ Hotter than a fantasy ♪ ♪ Lonely like a highway ♪ ♪ She's living in a world and it's on fire ♪ ♪ Filled with catastrophe ♪ ♪ But she knows she can fly away ♪ ♪ Whoa ♪ ♪ She got her head in the clouds ♪ ♪ But she's not backing ♪ ♪ Down ♪ [cheers and applause] ♪ This girl is on fire ♪ ‐ Whoo! ‐ ♪ This girl is on fire ♪ ♪ She's walking on fire ♪ ♪ This girl is on fire ♪ ♪ This girl is on fire ♪ [cheers and applause] Thank you. [cheers and applause] ‐ She's a real fighter, by the way, this one. She loves competing. She wants to win. And that's why she's gonna do well in her life. [cheers and applause] ‐ I remember sitting next to Chris Hardwick, and he‐‐you could just feel how he was really taken by her. Chris, what did you think? ‐ I mean, I'm so‐‐ I'm so blown away because you walk out, and there's this, like‐‐ you know, you've got, these, like, sneakers on and you look like this adorable little child, and then you open your mouth, and it's like, how did those pipes fit in that tiny body? ‐ [laughs] ‐ You are unbelievable. Thank you. [cheers and applause] ‐ I just feel like... [cheers and applause] ♪ ♪ Angelica, you are the chosen one! ♪ ♪ ‐ Angelica Hale has the voice of an angel and the stage presence of an angel. ‐ Oh, my God! ‐ That's why she went viral. ‐ She's not afraid of anything. ‐ It was when the hand came out with the mic. ‐ Yeah. [laughs] ‐ Just, like, slowly. [cheers and applause] ‐ Man, Angelica was fearless. But not everybody takes the stage with that kind of confidence. Like our next act, this 13‐year‐old was so nervous, she nearly didn't get on stage. She's number four in our countdown. With over 310 million views, it's Courtney Hadwin. ♪ ♪ ‐ Hey, Courtney, you forgot your microphone. Here you go, make sure you don't cup the top. Hold it right there. Perfect. Have a great show. ‐ Thank you. ‐ Courtney Hadwin‐‐ another goosebumpy moment that is incredibly shareable. She was so socially awkward. I'll tell you, even that day, she was supposed to come out, and then they said, "She's so scared. Can we wait?" ‐ Hi. ‐ Welcome to "America's Got Talent." How are you? ‐ Um, a little bit nervous. ‐ She could barely speak when she came on stage. It was like, you know, "Hello. What's your name?" [softly] "Courtney." ‐ And how old are you? ‐ 13. ‐ Oh, wow. ‐ 13. And what's your favorite subject in school? ‐ Music. ‐ What kind of music? ‐ I don't know. [laughs] ‐ She didn't know. She couldn't even answer that question because she was so uncomfortable. ♪ ♪ ‐ And I'm thinking, you know, let's just get this over with quickly 'cause I don't think this is gonna go well. ‐ And then, one, two, three‐‐ [The Black Crowes' "Hard to Handle" begins] ♪ ♪ ‐ ♪ Baby, here I am ♪ ♪ I'm the girl on the scene ♪ ‐ Oh, my God! ‐ ♪ And I can give you ♪ ♪ What you want, but you gotta come home ♪ ‐ I don't even have words to describe it. ‐ ♪ And I still got some good old lovin' ♪ ♪ And I got some in store ♪ ♪ When I get through throwin' it on ♪ ♪ You got to come back for more ♪ ♪ Boys, they come a dime by the dozen ♪ ♪ That ain't nothin' but ten cent lovin' ♪ ♪ Pretty little thing let me light your candle ♪ ♪ 'Cause mama I'm so hard to handle now, get around ♪ ‐ It was like a switch just turned over. She had the most amazing dance. ‐ Wow. ‐ ♪ Action speaks ♪ ♪ Louder than words ♪ ‐ Oh, my God. ♪ I know you've got another girl ♪ ♪ But I can love you better than her ♪ ♪ Take my hand, don't be afraid ♪ ♪ I'm gonna prove every word I say ♪ ‐ 310 million views. That is incredible. ‐ ♪ Pretty little thing, let me light your candle ♪ ♪ 'Cause mama I'm so hard to handle, now get around ♪ [cheers and applause] ‐ Whoo! ‐ ♪ Hey ♪ ‐ Whoa! ‐ ♪ But you gotta come home with me, hey ♪ ‐ Oh, my God. ‐ Whoa! [cheers and applause] ‐ And then as soon as it stopped again, she was like‐‐ she was all shy again like this little girl again. [cheers and applause] ‐ That was an audition I will never forget. Bloody hell, Courtney. ‐ Those are the kind of moments that end up on this show you're watching right now. You are not from this era. You're from a whole different era. ‐ Yes. [cheers and applause] ♪ ♪ ‐ And I'm a huge Janis Joplin fan. And there's a story, if you ever watch the documentary, Clive Davis, he goes to the Monterey Pop Festival, and he sees this young girl that nobody has ever seen before, that nobody knows. It was the first time Janis Joplin got signed. And that‐‐ that changed her life. Do you know that story? ‐ Yeah. ‐ I'm not Clive Davis, and I can't sign you to a record deal, the only thing I can do for you, young lady, is give you‐‐ ‐ [screams] [cheers and applause] ‐ ♪ Pretty, pretty please ♪ ♪ Don't you ever, ever feel ♪ ♪ Like you're less than ♪ ♪ Less than perfect ♪ ‐ God, I wish I'd given her the Golden Buzzer myself. I was so pissed off at Howie. ‐ ♪ Like you love them ♪ ♪ You are perfect to me ♪ ‐ We are down to the top three most viral "AGT" moments of all time. Think you've got 'em... ‐ No! ‐ My gosh! ‐ In the right order? ‐ This is exactly why we created the show. Find out, right after this. . ♪ ♪ ‐ We are just three acts away from discovering the most viral video in "AGT" history. Coming in at third place is a girl who never works alone. She's had over 350 million views with her loveable bunny, Petunia, at number three, it's Darci Lynne. [cheers and applause] ‐ Darci Lynne checked some boxes that we didn't expect. ‐ There's so many good people here. ‐ I know. ‐ For me, it's always been, you know, hard to talk to people. My parents surprised me with a puppet on my tenth birthday. ‐ She was very shy, and she found her voice in ventriloquism. ‐ Without my puppet with me, I never would have imagined walking out onto the "America's Got Talent" stage. ‐ Oh. ‐ There she is, there she is. ‐ How are you? ‐ I'm great. [laughs] ‐ [laughs] Why are you laughing? ‐ I don't know. [laughs] ‐ One minute, she's doing it in the garage, or to a couple of friends who come over. And then she's doing it in front of millions of people. And Darci, who's that? ‐ My name's Petunia. [crowd "awws"] ‐ Oh, it talks. ‐ [laughs] ‐ Is it a bunny? ‐ Yes. ‐ Oh. ‐ Is that a real bunny? [laughter] We're gonna find out. Okay. And Darci, why did you both decide to enter the show? ‐ Well, it was one of my big dreams. Um, but also, I would really like to keep ventriloquism alive because it's not common, you know? ‐ Ventriloquism has been pretty successful on our show, but not by somebody that young. ‐ Are you ready? ‐ Yeah, I'm ready. Hit it. [laughter] ♪ ♪ ‐ Wait, you're gonna sing? ‐ Mm‐hmm. ‐ Oh, boy. [laughter] ‐ ♪ Summer time ♪ [cheers and applause] ♪ And the livin' is easy ♪ ‐ Wow! ‐ ♪ One of these‐‐ ♪ ‐ ♪ Mornings ♪ ♪ You're gonna rise up singin' ♪ ‐ Oh, my gosh. ‐ ♪ But till that mornin' ♪ ‐ She could've competed as a singer. ‐ ♪ Harm you ♪ ‐ But then she was able to sing without using her lips. ‐ ♪ So hush, little baby ♪ ‐ Wow. ‐ [laughs] ‐ ♪ And don't you cry ♪ [cheers and applause] [holding note] [cheers and applause] ♪ ♪ ‐ Aww. ‐ Let me ask you something. How long have you been doing this? ‐ Two years. ‐ No! ‐ That's all? ‐ No! ‐ Oh, my gosh. ‐ Yes. ‐ Just two years? ‐ Can I ask you, what made you start doing this two years ago? ‐ Well, I used to be really shy, and, uh, I asked my mom for a puppet, um, to help me. And she surprised me with one on my tenth birthday. And now here I am. [laughs] [cheers and applause] ‐ Simon. ‐ I'll tell you what's important, Darci. We had an act earlier on who were very good, but I said I'm not gonna remember them in an hour. I'm gonna remember you in a week, and a month, and a year. [cheers and applause] One of the nicest people I've ever met. One of the most determined people I've ever met. I can just see her taking over Vegas. ‐ [laughs] ‐ You know what? ♪ ♪ ‐ ♪ And if you have a minute ♪ ♪ Why don't we go? ♪ ‐ I think it was the reaction she got. I think it just really, really hit her, and it all just came out. And you knew who she was in that moment. ‐ ♪ So why don't we ♪ ‐ She had a show that was so funny and heartfelt. Now she has gone viral. Everybody knows who she is, and she did such a great job. I love her. ‐ Aww. Well done. ‐ Well, Darci, you are going straight to the live show. [cheers and applause] ‐ She's had over 350 million views. I mean, it's unbelievable. ‐ Bye. ‐ That's what dreams are made of. [cheers and applause] ‐ I mean, Darci was just 12 years old, and she made the top three on our countdown. Incredible. But that is the beauty of "AGT." You're never too young or too old to chase your dreams. ‐ "America's Got Talent" is for everyone. It doesn't matter how old you are. You can be super young. ‐ Me! ‐ You can be super old. ‐ I can't get my walker through here. ‐ Everyone is welcome. ‐ And action! ‐ ♪ Fairytales will come true ♪ ‐ How old are you? ‐ I'm 83 years young. ‐ What? [cheers and applause] ‐ ♪ If you're young at heart ♪ ‐ I'm a great believer of the less rules, the better. So if you can say there are no rules other than anyone can enter, it's a really good place to start. [cheers and applause] both: Oh, hi! ‐ I'm Sophie Fatu. ‐ How old are you? ‐ Five. ‐ I just turned four. ‐ I am six years old, which is practically seven, which is basically eight. [cheering] ‐ I'm ten years old. ‐ What? ‐ Ten? ‐ You feel for them. You know, as a mother, you just wanna go up there and hug them. ‐ Being a dad, now, I see every kid act as if, wow, that was Eric. Hi, sweetheart. And he got this response. I mean, I would be in pieces. This is Eric. [cheers and applause] ‐ When you see the talent that some of these young kids have and the passion that they have. I just love it. ‐ ♪ In summer ♪ ‐ Wow. [holding note] ‐ But I love the golden oldies, too. Love. ‐ You can have talent at 94, 104, whatever. What matters is what you got to give. ♪ ♪ [together] We are The Masqueraders. ‐ ♪ I will call ♪ ‐ How old are you? ‐ I'm 72. ‐ Oh, gosh! [laughter] Man, that's old, yeah. ‐ I'm 26 years old, and she is... ‐ 96. ‐ Wow. ♪ ♪ ‐ ♪ And if you should survive ♪ ‐ Here's what I love about "AGT," I mean, you see this guy come out that should be on a walker. ‐ He was like the guy from "Up." Almost identical, and I'm thinking, "This is gonna be a long act." [cheers and applause] ‐ Then they just did this incredible routine. [cheers and applause] ‐ You see that these people never give up, they still have dreams, they have hopes, and it's just so heartwarming. [burlesque music] ♪ ♪ ‐ Just two spots left in our top 15. [all exclaiming] ‐ That is crazy. ‐ I'm gonna remember this moment for the rest of my life. ‐ Who took the top spot? ‐ No way! . ♪ ♪ ‐ This is the countdown of the top 15 most viral acts of all time, and we are down to the top two. This is getting tense. Of course, even the greatest "AGT" stars begin with an audition. And we always say it, but it's true, we never know what's gonna happen when an act walks out on stage. Check out some of "AGT's" most surprising moments. ‐ One of the main questions I get is, "Do you know who the contestants are beforehand?" And I go, "I haven't got a clue." We have no idea. Sometimes a suitcase just appears on stage. You're like, "What's gonna happen?" I like that surprise element. ‐ Oh, no. ‐ Oh, it's moving. ‐ One thing I have learned on the show is that you cannot judge a book by its cover. You never know what you're gonna get. [playing keyboard] ‐ No way. No! That is crazy. ‐ Where else in the world can you see a chicken playing the piano? ‐ When you feel like you've just seen it all‐‐ ‐ This is historic. ‐ Here's this little girl with her brother. And I'm like, okay, here we're gonna hear some sweet song from this sweet kid. ‐ ♪ Everyone, listen to me ♪ ♪ I am a ♪ ‐ It was like, "What?" ‐ ♪ I'm gonna eat you up ♪ ‐ [laughs] You just never know. ‐ We've had a lot of fun, but we've also had amazing talent where you think you know what's gonna happen‐‐ you don't. ‐ What is your name? ‐ My name is Travis Pratt. ‐ And where are you from? ‐ Tifton, Georgia. ‐ Tell us what you're gonna do. ‐ I'm gonna sing for you tonight a song that my girlfriend loves. [singing opera] ‐ ♪ I feel it in my bones ♪ ‐ Were you lip synching? ‐ No, sir. ‐ That was you hitting those notes. ‐ All day. [laughter] ‐ I started to play the piano when I was young. ♪ ♪ [coughs] ‐ ♪ I feel it in my bones ♪ [cheers and applause] ‐ Hi, there. What's your name? ‐ My name is Kenichi Ebina. My act is a danceish performance. ‐ Danceish. When we saw Kenichi dance for the first time‐‐ ‐ Oh, my God. ‐ I was like, wow, this guy has something that is so different and so unique. I'm always in for the surprise. ‐ Ohh! ‐ One of the most incredible wow moments‐‐ this guy who is hypnotizing Howie. ‐ We did not go over what he was gonna do. ‐ Sleep, but do not fall. ‐ Didn't know. I thought he was gonna do, like, something really funny or make me think I was a chicken or do a silly dance. ‐ Thank you so much. I have nice gloves on. That'll be great, please. ‐ Oh! ‐ I appreciate it. ‐ It's the first time in the last decade and a half that I've shaken a hand. [laughter] ‐ I've tried to shake Howie's hand for years. He won't do it. I mean, he‐‐like, what? ‐ On "AGT" we see acts from all over the planet chasing their dream. Landing in second place, this next group came from Austria and changed everything. They went global, with over 423 million views. At number two, here's Zurcaroh. ‐ I think that we are special because we are not professional dancers, and everybody is welcome. I grew up in Sao Paulo, Brazil in a really poor area, and the only opportunity that you have there is to follow the crime. I knew that I would have no future if I would stay in this world. And then that moment, I decide that dance could be my rescue. This group, I live my life for them. And through this performance, our life can change. ♪ ♪ [cheers and applause] ‐ Zurcaroh opened our eyes to a whole new array of possibilities for our stage. ‐ Wowzer. ‐ This is not a hip‐hop group or a dance group. This was something we'd never seen before. ‐ What do you do? ‐ We do acrobatic and gymnast. ‐ Right. ‐ We are not professionals. We take people from whatever‐‐ if they have skills or not, they are able to enjoy us. ‐ You hear me say this a lot on the show. Without you, we don't exist. It is as simple as that. We have to have talented people. And I'd never seen an act like that before. ♪ ♪ [cheers and applause] ♪ ♪ ‐ They're everything‐‐ acrobats, dancers, balancers. I don't know what they did, but it didn't look human. ♪ ♪ ‐ They're just doing the most amazing things. Like, jam‐packed 90 seconds of wow. ♪ ♪ [cheers and applause] ♪ ♪ [cheers and applause] ‐ In terms of spectacle, it was as near perfection as you will ever get. ‐ Oh, my God! ‐ They're probably the best we've ever had. [cheers and applause] ‐ Wow! ‐ I mean, they're bloody brilliant. There's something in the air right now. This is, honestly, one of the most incredible things I've ever seen on any of these shows. [cheers and applause] I'm absolutely honored that you've come onto our show. [cheers and applause] And then‐‐ ‐ This is so crazy that you know what I have to do! [cheers and applause] ‐ ♪ This is brave, this is bruised ♪ ♪ This is who I'm meant to be ♪ ♪ This is me ♪ ‐ ♪ Look out, 'cause here I come ♪ ♪ Here I come ♪ ♪ And I'm marching on to the beat I drum ♪ ‐ I think that guy could be the next sort of Cirque du Soleil, whoever that person was. I think he's a genius. ‐ ♪ This is me ♪ ♪ ♪ ‐ Everyone in the world can enjoy seeing other people change their lives. ‐ ♪ No apologies, this is me ♪ ♪ ♪ ‐ I am thrilled for all of you. That's what the Golden Buzzer's all about. Well done, guys. ‐ Thank you. [cheers and applause] ♪ ♪ ‐ ♪ This is me ♪ . ♪ ♪ ‐ We've been counting down the top 15 most viral "AGT" moments, and I mean, it's brought back some unbelievable memories, right? Moments that made you gasp, made you laugh, made you cry. What a show this has been over 15 years. And now, we have arrived at the number one most viral moment in all of "AGT" history. No act has made a bigger impact. In 2019, he left me, the judges, America and the whole world totally speechless and in tears. Now he's had over 432 million views. You got it? At number one, the most viral "AGT" act of all time is Kodi Lee. ‐ Oh, my gosh. ‐ And number one, of course, who can forget Kodi Lee? ‐ How you feelin', Kodi? ‐ I'm feeling so good! ‐ Yeah? ‐ Yeah. ‐ You excited? ‐ A happy nervous. ‐ A happy nervous. ‐ Ahh! ‐ Three, two‐‐ ‐ I mean, he is the most remarkable person. And his mom is the most amazing person. ‐ Hello. ‐ Welcome to "America's Got Talent." What's your name? ‐ I'm Kodi. ‐ Hi, Kodi. ‐ I'm Kodi Lee! ‐ I saw that mother holding onto him, and he had the cane and she explained he was blind, and he's got autism. ‐ We found out that he loved music really early on. And he started singing, and that's when I realized oh, my gosh, he's an entertainer. So through music and performing, he was able to withstand living in this world. It actually has saved his life. ‐ Wow. ‐ Aww. ‐ Oh, that's awesome. Well, we'd love to hear you. ‐ I'm so nervous, you know. They sat him down at the piano, and his mother gives him that, you know, little pep talk. ‐ This is your time, okay? There's gonna be, like, 20 cameras on you. Ready? ‐ Yeah. ‐ Go. Boom. ‐ It's probably the most worried I've been waiting for the first note to be hit. ‐ I was just thinking, "Please, be good, please, be good." I was seconds away from going, "Okay, maybe this is too much for you. You can come back on another day." ‐ [blowing] [playing piano] ♪ ♪ ‐ ♪ I've been so many places in my life and times ♪ ‐ That moment when he opens his mouth for the first time‐‐ ‐ ♪ I've sung a lot of songs ♪ ♪ And I made some bad rhymes ♪ ♪ If I can have my life in stages ♪ ♪ 10,000 people watching, yeah ♪ ♪ We're alone now ♪ ♪ And I'm singin' a song to you ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ I love you in a place ♪ ♪ Where there's no space or time ♪ ♪ I love you for my life ♪ ♪ You're a friend of mine ♪ ♪ But when my life is over ♪ ♪ Remember when we were together ♪ ♪ We're alone now ♪ ♪ And I'm singin' a song to you ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ Whoo, oh, yeah ♪ ♪ I'm singin' a song ♪ ♪ To you ♪ [cheers and applause] [Calum Scott's "You Are The Reason"] ‐ ♪ There goes my heart beatin' ♪ ‐ It was a beautiful story, and especially for him, you know, to have that moment, for his family to have that moment for everyone at home watching that moment. It was very special. [cheers and applause] ‐ I can't stop crying. ‐ That's all for you, babe. It's all for you. ♪ ♪ ‐ Howie. ‐ Well, first of all, I will tell you that all four judges and everybody in this room were up on their feet, I will tell you that. You gotta know that. ‐ [laughs] ‐ You were wonderful. Not only do we feel the authenticity of what you do, but you're a great inspiration and a great talent. And it was amazing. ‐ Thank you so much. ‐ I'm gonna remember this moment for the rest of my life. ‐ Thank you. ‐ Tonight, I'm gonna give you something special. ‐ [laughs] Oh, my God. ♪ ♪ ‐ ♪ I'll climb every mountain ♪ ‐ ♪ And swim every ocean ♪ both: ♪ Just to be with you ♪ ‐ When Gabrielle hit the Golden Buzzer, you saw his mom embrace him and the joy in his face. That moment is the most emblematic of what "AGT" is all about. ‐ ♪ You are the reason ♪ ‐ Oh, my God, you did it! ‐ I love you! ♪ ♪ ‐ Whether it's ten years, 20, 50, 100, years' time... ‐ Kodi Lee! ‐ That audition will have the same impact. ‐ Golden Buzzer. [laughter] ♪ ♪ ‐ That's what probably makes me most proud about the show is the amount of amazing acts that have come through this, and how many people now have watched their auditions. And that always stays with you. It's fantastic. I've always had this feeling that this show could live forever. I always had this weird feeling about that, is that why would it ever end? And it will only ever end if contestants and great people don't turn up. And we're very lucky. So thank you for that. It's incredible. ‐ And that's it. The top 15 most viral moments in "AGT" history. Some sensational memories. We are looking forward to a lot more years of unbelievable, click‐worthy acts in the future. I'm Terry Crews. Thanks for watching. Good night, America. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 