America's Got Talent: Season 14, Episode 8 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 America's Got Talent 
 s14e8 - Judge Cuts 1 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 America's Got Talent (2006–…): Season 14, Episode 8 - Judge Cuts 1 - full transcript 
 Country music superstar Brad Paisley joins the panel as a guest judge and gets to send an act directly to the Live Shows with a Golden Buzzer; contestants have one last chance to impress the judges before America votes in the live rounds. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 [helicopter blades whirring] ♪ Oh-oh-oh ♪ ♪ Oh-oh-oh-oh-oh ♪ You are going all the way to the live shows in Hollywood. [echoing] ...Hollywood... Hollywood... Hollywood... Hollywood. ♪ Here I am ♪ ♪ You better get moving ♪ You get one shot up here. It's all down to you now. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 This is the biggest stage. You needed to step it up to the next level. ♪ Get ready ♪ You were willing, literally, to die. You're just nuts. ♪ Get ready ♪ I will fight for you. You absolutely have a chance to go to the live shows. ♪ Get ready ♪ Tonight, the stakes are so much higher because you are so close to the live show at Dolby and winning a headline show in Vegas. ♪ ♪ [dramatic music] 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 ♪ ♪ ♪ You better get moving ♪ ♪ Ready or not ♪ ♪ It's about to go down here it comes now ♪ ♪ Get ready ♪ Welcome to "America's Got Talent" the Judge Cuts. [cheers and applause] We're coming at you from Universal Studios in Los Angeles. And tonight's special guest judge is a critically acclaimed singer/songwriter whose talents have earned him three Grammys and 14 Academy of Country Music Awards. Make some noise. It's Brad Paisley! ♪ And I'll be crushin' it ♪ Oh! Holy [bleep]! ♪ Yeah I'll be crushin' it ♪ Oh, my God, we're gonna see Brad Paisley. ♪ ♪ ♪ Yeah I'll be crushin' it ♪ Now, Brad, what are you hoping to see on this stage tonight? I want to see a person that has a gift to give humanity, and they're gonna walk out here, and it's like, "Okay, we needed that and we didn't even know it." That's a good point. [cheers and applause] Simon, can you explain to everyone what is going on here today? Basically there are 18 acts we selected who we thought were great from the auditions. We're expecting a step up. 7 out of the 18 go to the Dolby live shows, which is a huge deal. Only seven acts are gonna get through. Ugh. I think you've got the toughest job, Brad, because you've got the Golden Buzzer. Fantastic. Brad, can you just test that thing out right now? And I want to see this crowd show us what a Golden Buzzer reaction is like. You guys ready? Y'all ready? Yeah! [cheers and applause] [music stops, scattered cheers] [laughter] Wait, what? Wah, wah, wah. Wasn't what I was expecting. Can you do that again? All right, you guys ready? Yeah! [cheering] [wild cheering] Whoa-oh! Are you guys ready to get this started? [cheers and applause] All right, AGT, let's go! [wild cheering] I think I'm might change my song to a country song now. No, just kidding. Just kidding. Here we go, grab your seats, grab your seats. [laughter] That's great. Everyone here already has impressed the judges once, so it's really going to be hard. Are you guys best friends? Oh, yes, we are. ♪ As long I got you and me ♪ Yes. Falco is very special. He likes more humans than other dogs. He's a little bit charming with all the girls. all: Aww. And I'm like, "Hello? What about me?" ♪ I want you and me, you and me ♪ ♪ I know one day we'll look back ♪ He has amazing personality, but also importantly so do you. Oh, thank you. ♪ I wish you could see yourself ♪ ♪ Through my eyes ♪ Falco is turning ten, so I have to think about his retirement. ♪ I always forget that you ♪ Makes me sad a little bit, but I think it's also great to enjoy our last shows together, and why not on the biggest stage of the world? All right, here we go, folks, here we go. Did this guy-- he had that cowboy hat on? Yeah, and he's got, I think, an Australian Shepherd. ♪ ♪ It's very special for us to be here in the Universal Studios. Here we go. Grab your seats please. Good luck, Lukas and Falco. Go out there. Give it your best. Thank you. I think Falco is really ready for the live shows, and he would appreciate to be there. ♪ I got you and me ♪ [cheers and applause] So welcome back, guys. It's good to be here back again. God, I remember this audition. This is amazing. So just tell everyone here who you are, and what are you gonna do tonight? I'm Lukas, I'm 23 years old, and this is my best friend Falco. We specially made a routine for you. I think it's one of your favorite movies, Simon. Look how he's dressed. And I hope you are going to like it. Is it "The Greatest Showman?" Maybe. Ooh! [cheers and applause] I love this movie. Me too. No pressure, but you're the first up. Do what you're gonna do. Okay. Whoo! [cheers and applause] That dog is beautiful. [crowd awws] ["This is Me" plays] ♪ This is me ♪ [vocalizing] ♪ ♪ ♪ Another round of bullets hits my skin ♪ ♪ Well fire away 'cause today ♪ ♪ I won't let the shame sink in ♪ ♪ We are bursting through the barricades ♪ ♪ And reaching for the sun ♪ ♪ We are glorious ♪ ♪ Yeah that's what we've become ♪ ♪ I won't let them break me down to dust ♪ ♪ I know that there's a place for us ♪ ♪ For we are glorious ♪ ♪ When the sharpest words want to cut me down ♪ ♪ I'm gonna send a flood gonna drown them out ♪ Wow. ♪ I am brave, I am bruised ♪ ♪ I am who I'm meant to be ♪ Yeah! ♪ This is me ♪ ♪ Look out 'cause here I come ♪ ♪ I'm not scared to be seen ♪ ♪ I make no apologies ♪ ♪ This is me ♪ ♪ Whenever the world's gone ♪ ♪ Whenever the world's gone ♪ ♪ In the depths of my heart ♪ ♪ Oh, oh this is me ♪ Whoa. [wild cheering] That is incredible. [Andrew Gold's "Thank You For Being a Friend"] So cute. I mean-- ♪ Thank you for being a friend ♪ ♪ Traveled down the road ♪ Okay. Wow, wow, wow. Or bow, wow, wow. [laughter] Brad, let me go to you first please. It never hurts to tailor your whole act to Simon. [laughter] No, it was great. Really enjoyable, and Falco, I don't know what he's paying you, but you deserve more. [laughter] He gets everything he wants. I can see that. ♪ And if you threw a party ♪ It seemed like you did more tricks. It feels like Falco brought his pet Lukas. [laughter] We have 18 acts tonight. Only seven acts can go through. I wish you the best of luck. Thank you. I think you actually got a lot better from the first audition, and we love the first audition. So way to go home, get even better, and come out and wow us. Great job. Thank you. ♪ Thank you for being a friend ♪ You have something really special, and your essence comes through, and you deserve to be onstage. Thank you. Are you saying his essence is special? I don't think yours is. [laughter] I tell you what I love about this, because this is gonna sound crazy, but I literally had a conversation on the weekend, which is why not make "The Greatest Showman 2" with dogs? Really? I was drunk, but I still thought of it. [cheers and applause] Look, you couldn't have done more to make me love this act. Like, tick, tick, tick, and you're a really nice guy. I'll be fighting for you. That's great. Thank you. Bye. ♪ Thank you for being a friend ♪ That's memorable. Oh, yeah, that's true. He's adorable, that dog. ♪ Thank you for being a friend ♪ Who's got their essence? Can I have some essence, anyone? Yes? His is very deep down inside of him. Let's hear it for Lukas and Falco, everyone. Well, we are all rooting for you guys. Thank you. All right, thank you so much. Great job. Take your seats for the next act in. [buzzer] Ohh! [gasps] What the hell was that? Make some noise! Bring it. Are you kidding me? I really think you have to up your game. Please. Look down. [screaming] Really, really memorable audition. I don't think it was enough. Howie can suck it. [wild cheering] . What do you think of AGT? Oh, it's great. It's crazy. I'm having a ball. That guy has, like, three Grammys. He's sold, like, 11 million albums, and, whew, the pressure's on. One minute, gang. One minute. Are you gonna bring it? I mean, I have no option. No, you don't. You got to bring it. Okay. [cheers and applause] Hi, Andy. Hello. How are you? I have to ask you a question. Do you really believe you can win "America's Got Talent" this year? Yes. Okay. ["Turn Down For What" begins] ♪ ♪ [music stops] Turn down for what? ♪ ♪ Turn down for what? [scattered cheers and applause] [The Champs' "Tequila" plays] Not a standing-o. Let's just say that. I, uh-- Welcome to "America's Got Talent." Yeah. I don't know what to say other than good luck. Thank you. Good luck. Keep rocking it. Thank you, Andy. [cheers and applause] Did somebody put something in this? [cheers and applause] Remember him from the first time? Oh. What do you intend on doing to up it? Ahhh! [chittering] What? Now. Okay, that's good. All right. Is he all right? Balloon animals! Balloon animals. Here we go, the goat. [bleats] Very dangerous balance trick. Here we go. Up. Okay, Gabrielle, you will pick a card. Wahh! Whoa, no. Okay. Okay? Look at it, look at it. Show everybody. Show the cameras. Perfect. Here. I'll give you the whole card deck. All right, Julianne. Are you ready, Julianne? [buzzer] You understand what to do? Yeah, I just throw them over there. Yeah, just throw them up in the air. Come on. Up! Up! What? Oh, yeah! We got a card. Which card did you pick? The eight of hearts. Eight of hearts. Which one? Eight of hearts! Beautiful. I'll let you talk first, Brad. Be honest. This is my first time seeing it, and I'm left kind of confused. What I do is different. Right. [laughter] It was annoying. Thank you. Good luck. What the hell was that? You hate it. I think it's an acquired taste. I hated every minute. Well, I found out you guys were drunk when he got through last time. That's true. Orange Magician, how are you, sir? It's good. It's--oh, so it's good? Yes. The Orange Magician? Trump? [laughter] I don't even know what this is. Like, it's weird and bizarre. It's a mystery. And that's why we put it through. Right. [cheers and applause] He only says two things. "It's good." "It's good." Yes. It's good. Welcome back. It's good. It is good. Well, Brad, you're our guest judge. Maybe you want to ask him a question? Uh, how's my music? It's good. Yeah. [laughter] I'm not buying that. Just do what you do. [cheers and applause] [quirky music] ♪ ♪ It's good. ♪ ♪ Oh. [cheers and applause] It's good. ♪ ♪ How is he doing this? ♪ ♪ [laughs] I love it. ♪ ♪ Hello. ♪ ♪ [scary music] ♪ ♪ [laughter] [dance music] ♪ ♪ [ticking] [explosion] [cheerful music] ♪ ♪ [cheers and applause] Hey! ♪ Whoa I feel good ♪ ♪ I knew that I would now ♪ ♪ I feel good ♪ It's good. ♪ I knew that I would now ♪ Well, we'll be the judge of that. Yeah, let's attempt to go through this whole process without you talking, because I love the act, but you're so annoying when you talk. You are really irritating me, and then I sort of turn myself into a five-year-old kid, and I love the act. ♪ ♪ In the beginning, I was like, "This is crazy." But I got the deeper meaning. This was an allegory that was a reference to the entire run of "Game of Thrones," so what we had-- Ah. Am I right? Was that "Game of Thrones?" No, okay. Mystery. No, I really-- I really was enjoying that. My little kids would flip out over this. Wow. [cheers and applause] What I love, you're a magician. You're a quick-change artist. You are a mime, so you fit a lot of different categories. Is it enough to get you through to the live shows? You're gonna find out soon. Go back there and sweat. [laughter] ♪ So good ♪ Thank you. It's good. ♪ So good ♪ ♪ I got you ♪ ♪ So good ♪ What do you think, Brad? Of him? No, the whole AGT. Oh, it's great. You never know if the next one's gonna be the craziest thing you've ever seen in your life. [laughs ] . [vocalizing] [ticking] [exhales] [vocalizes] [sighs] [rip] ♪ Ahh ♪ Let's go. Yo, it's Berywam. [all beatboxing] And we are beatbox crew. From France. Beatbox is magic because we don't need instruments. Fabien is the bass player of the group. The best bass. [beatboxing] Luigi is the drum of the group. [beatboxing] Beasty, he can rap. He can imitate instruments. [imitating turntable] Pssh. [indistinct] is the high voice. Like what? [imitates horn honking] For example. [all beatboxing] This is not just keeping up with the times. This is ahead of the times. Yes. [cheers and applause] We will never forget that night. After the first audition, we worked so hard every day, every night, to find new sounds to come back and surprise the judge again. ♪ ♪ Now we are one step from the Dolby Theatre. All right, here we go, gang. Here we go. An opportunity like this may never happen again. [cheers and applause] Welcome back. How are you? Really good. Have you thought about kind of raising up what you're gonna do compared to the first audition? Last time, you said you wanted to go to a night club with us, so tonight we want to bring everybody in night club with us. Good luck. Thank you very much. Thank you. [cheers and applause] All right, I'm ready for the night club. [low bass beat] [laughter and applause] Party people, I want to see everybody stand up right now. [cheers and applause] Stand up. If you want to go party... all: Make some noise! [all beatboxing] ♪ ♪ ♪ Everybody dance now ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ Everybody dance now ♪ ♪ I said hip, hop, the hip ♪ ♪ Hippie to the hippie, the hip, hip a hop, you don't ♪ ♪ Bubba to the bang bang boogie ♪ ♪ Drop the boogie to the rhythm of the boogie the beat ♪ ♪ Said what you hear is not a test ♪ ♪ 'Cause I'm rapping to the beat ♪ ♪ And me, you and my friends ♪ ♪ Are gonna try to move your feet ♪ ♪ Left, left, left, left ♪ ♪ Right, right, right, right ♪ ♪ Left, left, left, left ♪ ♪ Right, right, right, right ♪ [all beatboxing] ♪ And you know it's on AGT ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ It's on AGT ♪ ♪ ♪ [high-pitched vocalizations] Ohh! Let's go. [all beatboxing] Hey! ♪ ♪ [fast-paced rapping, scatting] ♪ ♪ all: Stop. [wild cheering] [upbeat music] ♪ ♪ I just want to point out to people at home who are watching this, this is not a track. Every sound you hear is coming out of their mouths. [cheers and applause] You know, I don't know that this performance was better than your last performance, so I wish you the best of luck. This is something a lot of us have never seen before, but nobody had ever seen a guy play a guitar with his teeth before Hendrix, too, so it's always hard when you're the first one through a door, you know? You're kind of the one busting it down and you're busting it down. It's really great, so keep up what you're doing. [cheers and applause] For me, the audition lacked an incredible opening, an incredible middle, but you did have a great end. You know, in this day and age, you can go viral within seconds of a show like this. I'm not sure that that audition is gonna go viral in the way that it could've done in my opinion. [audience booing] I definitely disagree. You absolutely have a chance to go to the live shows, and you will have people fighting on your behalf. Good luck. Good luck. Thank you very much. Thank you. ♪ ♪ I just love them. So you think they should go through? I think they're in the running for sure. You don't think so? Maximum stressed now. Yeah. We don't know if our performance was enough. We're just hoping for the best. ♪ ♪ You are timeless. This is not gonna be a walk in the park. Oh, no, by the hair. Oh! . All right, gang, get settled. Here we go. Next act is coming right up. Only time I ever auditioned for anyone, it was, like, a local talent show called "Starquest." Is that right? I didn't do very well. [cheers and applause] Hey! Little man! 'Cause we're already so nervous when we go out. Imagine going out alone. Yeah. [cheers and applause] Hi. Dylan. Hi. Tell us how old you are and what you're gonna do tonight. Okay. I am ten years old, and I'm gonna rap Kendrick Lamar "Humble." All right. I want everybody to stand up. Yeah, you do. Y'all ready? Yeah. ♪ My left stroke just went viral ♪ ♪ Right stroke put lil' baby in a spiral ♪ ♪ Soprano C, we like the keep it on a high note ♪ ♪ Its levels to it, you and I know ♪ ♪ Tell 'em be humble ♪ ♪ Sit down ♪ ♪ Be humble ♪ Thank you. [cheers and applause] I'm learning so much from somebody who's ten. I mean, if you want to be guaranteed a standing ovation, make the people stand up before you start. I love that. When I was ten, I auditioned for something, and I was terrible. Well, you showed them wrong since you won three Grammys. I like this kid. I like this kid a lot. I'm feeling it now. We got this. Yeah. Maybe 'cause we're from Texas, he'll give us the Golden Buzzer. We are the Emerald Belles. We're a high school high-kick drill team from Southlake, Texas. ♪ Go tell your mama ♪ Our team's made up of 76 girls, and we really are sisters. We experience everything together from school to drama to boys. ♪ Take a picture ♪ How does a girl whose got this team have time for a boyfriend? We don't. [laughter] all: Whoo! Whoo! We've grown up dancing on the football field of our high school, so being on the AGT stage, it was like, "Wow. Did we really just do that?" In my mind, it's like what the Rockettes do. We get compared to the Rockettes a lot, but we're actually very different. They kick only to eye level. We all whack our foreheads. I know what you're saying, Howie, but someone new needs to take their place, right? Yeah. Whoo! It's three yeses. [cheers and applause] You make it to the live if you get past this. What is your new strategy? I mean, we have put everything that we have into this performance, and we are so ready to prove Howie wrong. You don't want to mess with Texas girls. I drive a truck. ♪ I'm fabulous ♪ ♪ ♪ Brad, you like high-kicking? More than anything. Good. Oh, my gosh. They're still coming. Welcome, girls. Thank you. ♪ I'm fabulous ♪ Let's start with the reintroduction please. We are the Emerald Belles Dance Team, and we are from a small town in Texas. Yeah! Okay. Howie did compare you to the Rockettes and said he didn't like you. Simon, and why is that important right now? [laughter] No, I didn't say I didn't like you. I just thought that if that is the bar for a high-kicking dance team, then you didn't hit that bar. Howie, we are so ready to prove you wrong. Okay. You are talking the talk. Now let's walk the walk. Or kick the kick. Or kick the kick. Thank you. [cheers and applause] Oh, yes. And shift, shift, shift, shift, shift. And here we go, and there we go. [Britney Spears' "Work B--ch" begins] ♪ ♪ ♪ You want a hot body ♪ ♪ You want a Bugatti ♪ ♪ You want a Maserati ♪ ♪ You better work-work ♪ ♪ You better work-work ♪ ♪ You better work-work ♪ ♪ Now get to work ♪ ♪ ♪ That's power. ♪ ♪ ♪ Now get to work ♪ ♪ Bring it on ♪ ♪ Ring the alarm ♪ ♪ Watch out now ♪ ♪ 'Cause here it comes ♪ ♪ Go call the police ♪ ♪ Go call the governor ♪ ♪ I bring the treble ♪ ♪ Don't mean to trouble you ♪ ♪ Call me the governor ♪ ♪ I am the bad [...] ♪ ♪ That you'll ever know ♪ [cheers and applause] ♪ Hold your head high ♪ ♪ Fingers to the sky ♪ ♪ They're gonna try to try you but they can't deny you ♪ ♪ Keep it moving higher and higher ♪ ♪ Work, work, work ♪ ♪ Work, work it out ♪ ♪ Work it out, work it out ♪ ♪ Work it out, work it out, work it out ♪ ♪ Work it out, work it out, work it out, work it out ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ You better work ♪ Oh. Wow! [wild cheering] Whoo! [Pink's "I Am Here"] ♪ ♪ Okay. Somebody's in it to win it. ♪ I open up my heart, you can love me or not ♪ Julianne? Okay, first of all, you guys, again, came out here. You performed. You were extremely tight, and there's no doubt about that. I do have to say, though, still had a bit of a high school element to it. Meow. If you really want to take-- Do not start with the meows. This is the second round, so I really think you have to up your game. But again, not to say that you didn't do a great job. Thank you, and we totally respect that. [cheers and applause] Gabrielle? I think you actually got a lot better from the first audition, and I definitely think that you're worth fighting for, so good job, ladies. Oh, thank you so much. That means so much. Okay. Drum roll. Howie? ♪ ♪ To be honest with you, after being on this show so long, I don't think it was enough. It's not enough to win "America's Got Talent," and I don't even think it's enough to move on to the next level, so we'll see what happens. [audience booing] I don't think that boo was loud enough. Listen, I wasn't-- [all booing] Okay. Brad? Y'all are from the same town in Texas? Yes. We're from the same high school. What the hell is prom like at that high school? ♪ Where does everybody go when they go ♪ ♪ Where does everybody go when they go ♪ As Texas girls, we're huge fans of yours. Well-- And like I said, they're amazing and perfect. And Howie can suck it. [laughter] I believe that you are ready now for a bigger stage, and I think Texas will root for you. America will root for you, and the fact with so many of you that we are able to capture your personality made this a great audition for me. Thank you so much. And I do think you deserve one of those seven places, so I'm gonna be fighting with Howie later on. Big fight. Thank you so much. Thank you. See you later. ♪ I am here ♪ The biggest obstacle right now is still Howie. Talk to me. We really did take the judges critiques last time, and we're gonna do it again, and we're gonna notch it up for the next round, and I hope Howie likes it. Could somebody kick him the next time he meows? What's a meow? It's, like, a cat fight or something? Yeah. Like I'm a cat. Yeah, you're in trouble. I'm gonna spit this in your face. No, no. Please, please. I take it back. I take it back. I won't ever say it again. ♪ Where does everybody go when they go ♪ ♪ So let me ask you ♪ . We usually think it's Simon who's grumpy, but Howie-- What are you saying? Howie and Simon have switched places. I wonder if somebody took out Simon and Howie's brains and just put them in the other body. I'm Mysterion. And I'm Steffi Kay. And we are... both: The Sentimentalists. Sometimes Mysterion and I feel like we're from a different era. We both sense and see things that most people can't do. [cheers and applause] Our first audition was, well, a little bumpy. The presentation for me is a little weird. [audience booing] I'm afraid I'm with Howie. We were just kind of like, "I'm sorry." I have an idea. I would like you to think of any celebrity in the history of entertainment, and I want you to print the name down on that piece of paper. You picked something from your childhood. Lassie. [cheers and applause] Simon challenged us, but we delivered. And now it's Howie's turn. [cheers and applause] There's only 7 spots available out of 18. I think one of them is reserved for us. That's right. [cheers and applause] Hello. Hi again. So just to be clear, this is another act, Howie, which you said "no" to. We want to impress everyone not only on the panel, but all of America. But mainly Howie, who did say no. But most importantly-- But mostly Howie Mandel, yes. I get it. All right, let's see it. [cheers and applause] All right, I have in this little box some marbles of different colors. Steffi's gonna close her eyes. Howie, I'm gonna give you the first choice. Oh, just pick a marble? Just pick a marble out. Okay. And go ahead, take one out. And yourself. And Simon. Thank you. Thank you. Think of the color of your marble. Brad. You chose the red marble. That is correct. [audience ohhs] If you don't mind bringing your mobile phone up and joining us up on the stage? All right. Taking your mobile phone too? [cheers and applause] Great to meet you. You want your marble back? Yeah, sure. I've lost mine a long time ago. All right, so to show you what it is that we do, we want you to open your phone to a photograph of something simple, something in your photo reel, maybe a memory. Show it to me, but don't let Steffi see. Hide it against your chest. You got to focus on what that is. He knows exactly what it is. He's thinking about it. Yeah, he's laughing. It almost looks like a guitar. [cheers and applause] That's crazy. Now, I'm gonna show you something even crazier. If you could put your phone away, you know, you'll notice that there's been a box sitting there the entire time that we've been on stage, and Terry has been holding onto a key. [cheers and applause] If I could have the key back please? There you are. Something has been locked inside this box. Come here for a second. There's a smaller key on here, and open up the smaller box. And inside is something. I want you take that out. Okay. That's a little fortune that I made for you specifically. Go ahead, open it up. First of all, what was the color of your marble, Howie? Blue. Blue? Yours? Black. [laughter] Yours? Yellow. Yours? White. We have something written right there. We have an "H." What color is the "H?" Blue. What color is the "S?" White. What color is the "G?" Black. What color is the "J?" Yellow. What does it say on the back of the fortune? Ugh! "A yellow guitar." Ladies and gentlemen-- Oh, wow. How? Wow. Give him a big round of applause, everyone. Wow. Thank you. Brad Paisley, everyone. Thank you. Thank you. ♪ How you like me now ♪ ♪ How you like me now ♪ Sorry, I'm just like-- my mind is blown. I can only imagine, Brad, how you're feeling right now. Look, here's the thing. I did not plan any of this. The yellow guitar, he would've not known that. I don't know how they did this. I'm floored. You should be in Vegas, and you're not getting anywhere near my wallet. Thank you. Howie definitely had an opinion last time. Howie, go for it. I love mentalists. I love what you do. But if I've got to be totally honest with you, it's still not enough for me, so we'll see what happens. Well, look, I enjoyed it, and I-- This is my kind of thing. Thank you. There's 18 acts, and only 7 can go through. I'll be fighting for you. Thanks, guys. Thank you so much. [cheers and applause] I thought they were great. I don't know. I think the talent is good. I think the presentation is not good. They can work on that. How did they do that? How? All right, gang, this'll just be a couple of minutes. Look. That's how it looked, and it's written on it. We have to take the giant X's down for this next act. Oh, yeah. Here we go. Grab your seats please. [cheers and applause] Duo Togni, welcome back. Hi, thank you. Thank you. The last time, we had just only three yeses. Howie definitely had an opinion though. He didn't feel like it was up to par. I wasn't-- I mean-- [audience boos] No. Ohh! My knee-jerk reaction is it was a little wonky. Oh! For me, it's a no, but there's three other judges. [audience booing[ You've got three yeses. All right, let's see what you got. [cheers and applause] I hope they're not mad. ♪ Let me out ♪ ♪ Let me out of here now ♪ ♪ Let me out ♪ ♪ And I will run ♪ ♪ I will run ♪ Whoa! ♪ I saw the fire in your gaze ♪ Not her teeth. Not the teeth! No! [audience screams, oohs] ♪ Let me out ♪ ♪ Let me out of here now ♪ Whoa. Oh! ♪ Let me out ♪ ♪ I will run ♪ ♪ I will run ♪ ♪ I will run ♪ ♪ Let me out ♪ ♪ Let me out of here now ♪ Oh, no, by the hair. By the hair, here we go. ♪ Let me out ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ And I will run ♪ ♪ I will run ♪ ♪ I will run ♪ [screams] Oh! ♪ ♪ You said "no" the last time. I did. So we have a surprise for you. I would like to hold you with my teeth. You want to hold me in your teeth? [laughs] all: Howie! Howie! Howie! Really? all: Howie! Howie! Howie! Why me? That's what happens when you say "no," Howie. [laughter] Now, you were better tonight. No, no. Too bloody late. What are you doing? You got that in your mouth? What-- [all screaming, cheering] Abort. Abort. Oh! Oh, my God! Please. Put me down. Put me down. Don't let go. Spit me out. Spit me out. Oh. [wild cheering] ♪ How you like me now ♪ Serves you right. ♪ How you like me now, how you like me now ♪ Well, Howie, should we start with you? Let's start with Howie. Me? Yes, please. Yeah. When we're deliberating later on, if you promise to never lift me in your teeth again, I will fight for you. I love you. [cheers and applause] Brad? Well, I'm not saying anything bad. [laughter] They'll stick you in their teeth when you do. Amazing. I'm floored. Thank you so much. The fact that you were willing, literally, to die to go through to the next round and prove a point to my friend over there was amazing, so thank you. Thank you so much. ♪ How you like me now ♪ You want to criticize any more of those acts? No. No. ♪ ♪ . This is our first time doing this part of it, the middle judge round, so we're kind of like, "Oh, they're already through, you know?" It's just like, you know, either you're gonna sink or you're swimming. That's what's always the shame is when you see somebody leave it in the tank, it's like, "But it's there. You know it's there." There's been times in my life where I wish I wasn't so quiet, and I wish that I was more outgoing. I am a quiet person, but I do have a pretty loud mind. A lot of the time I get stuck in my head, and I just overthink a lot. Um... [clears throat] ♪ I hate words sometimes ♪ ♪ They're so powerful, but not mine ♪ ♪ When I try to talk I say I'm fine ♪ ♪ No one ever really knows that I'm lying ♪ ♪ Sitting in the classroom... ♪ I just love writing songs, and it's, like, really special to me 'cause they're, like, my words. Well, I didn't make the words, but I put the words together. ♪ A way to hold my pencil in my hand so tight ♪ ♪ I think I get some bruises ♪ You've got four yeses. Congratulations. Thank you. It's like she got validation to express herself, and when we got home, she wrote five songs. Within a week. Within a week. Here we go. It's like, I don't know. I've just been doing music for so long, so going to the Dolby Theatre would be absolutely awesome. Oh, I remember her. Whoo! Hi. Sophie. Finding her mark. You find your mark? Hello. Yeah. Are you excited? Are you nervous? I'm mostly excited. Good. They're kind of the same. It's just the way that you think about it is the difference. That's right. You're right. So smart. I love that. How old are you? I'm 15. Are you gonna be doing an original again for this round? Yes, of course, yeah. This is--I mean, this song's probably the most personal out of all of 'em. Best of luck. Thank you so much. Okay, Sophie. Go, girl. [cheers and applause] [melodic guitar music] ♪ Don't talk to me I need to be by myself ♪ ♪ I keep myself company ♪ ♪ And I don't need nobody else ♪ ♪ Everything makes me so angry ♪ ♪ Sometimes I can't even breathe ♪ ♪ And I don't have nobody else that can keep me company ♪ ♪ I hear them talking behind my back ♪ ♪ If they are trying to be quiet ♪ ♪ Try a bit harder than that ♪ ♪ They probably do it on purpose ♪ ♪ Talk as loud as they can ♪ ♪ So my ears can hear them ♪ ♪ Even if I cover them with my hands ♪ ♪ Oh, man, some shocking news ♪ ♪ You calling people wimpy, dumb and loser too ♪ ♪ Leave 'em alone ♪ ♪ You have no idea what they could be going through ♪ ♪ May be different to you but they are humans too ♪ ♪ Might not have found their safe place yet ♪ ♪ Maybe searching around on the internet ♪ ♪ No luck though, all they see is perfect images ♪ ♪ Of perfect people perfectly posing ♪ ♪ In front of their perfect house ♪ ♪ With their perfect family ♪ ♪ What's that about ♪ ♪ Nothing more than a picture on their phones ♪ ♪ Someone else's beauty doesn't take away from your own ♪ ♪ Most of the time I'm away from reality ♪ ♪ When I'm able to write songs might be my only safety ♪ ♪ And I know it really saved me ♪ ♪ And I know it really saved me ♪ ♪ When the world was crumbling around me ♪ ♪ Everybody's falling but I am flying ♪ ♪ Makes me feel like I'm superhuman ♪ ♪ I might just be that 'cause misfits ♪ ♪ Have some powers that are really pretty rad ♪ [chuckles] [wild cheering] [upbeat music] ♪ ♪ Thank you. ♪ ♪ There's nothing better than an artist that knows themselves and is very clear about their truth, and the way you expressed yourself, you just reached into our hearts and just snatched it right out. Way to go. [cheers and applause] Sophie, correct me if I'm wrong. When we first met you, you sang a song about bullying, which you'd written when you were 13. Is that right? Um, yeah-ish. 14 maybe? Yeah, 13, 14. So this is what I want to say to you because this is a two-part audition. I think the song should've ended with "I don't think about you anymore." I say this as a father. Bullying is always gonna happen. But if you don't care or even think about them, means you win. You continue talking about them, they win. You're so young, and I think people will listen to you so cleverly, there has to be a more positive slant where we go forward from this point on, and I don't want you talking about these people ever again because they're not worth talking about, but I love your voice. ♪ You are not hidden ♪ That's real. Very, very truthful. ♪ There's never been a moment ♪ What was the last line that ended with "pretty rad?" "Misfits have some powers that are really pretty rad." I loved it. And I think I'd know you from that one song. That's incredible. To stand up there with just a guitar, I mean, that takes incredible cojones. [laughter] And I don't think there's maybe a more important issue now that social media is this thing that's pervasive everywhere we look. Young people not understanding that that isn't that big a deal when you look back on your life, and you have schooled so many people in this moment, and--and-- and I think... I'm done. ♪ I will send out an army ♪ ♪ To find you ♪ ♪ In the middle of the darkest night ♪ Yes! [chuckles] ♪ It's true ♪ ♪ I will rescue you ♪ ♪ ♪ Sophie! ♪ I will never stop marching ♪ Sophie! ♪ To reach you ♪ Brad Paisley has given you the Golden Buzzer. ♪ It's true ♪ And to have Brad Paisley do that, like, give you your Golden Buzzer, that's pretty awesome. ♪ ♪ This is--Oh, I-- I've never expected this to happen in my life. [laughter] Thank you so much. I mean, I just-- Oh, my God--I don't-- I'm--I'm glad you liked it. I'm glad you--I don't know. Yeah, she has no problem with words when the guitar's playing. [laughter] ♪ I will ♪ You're amazing. ♪ Send out an army ♪ I cannot wait to hear what other songs come out of that guitar. All right, Sophie, we will see you at the lives. Everybody please give it up for Sophie. ♪ ♪ Now it's six spots left. Yeah, only six spots. ♪ It's true I will rescue you ♪ Oh, my God. ♪ Way down ♪ You're something else. Wow. I've seen and heard that too many times in my life. ♪ ♪ . Have you ever in your career seen someone for the very first time, and you've gone, "That's a star." That's happened, but rare. Yeah, rare. Rare. Yeah. Love to have our own Las Vegas show, and this is truly the best way to get to that spot. So for you, what's the big dream? Dance. Yeah, dance every day. And dancing every day. ♪ Only all the time ♪ Our first performance was amazing. Amazing. If I could score a 10, that would've been 11. Honestly. We have a dream to make a show. ♪ Only all the time ♪ ♪ ♪ I gotta be honest, I just wonder if it would translate to a big show in Vegas, you know? Okay. Thank you so much. I would love to have a show in Vegas. That's, like, my pie-in-the-sky dream. My name is Kevin Schwartz, and I'm a comedian. I went to the grocery store. The sign said, "No food or drinks inside." So I went home. [laughter] ♪ Only all the time ♪ I'm ready for a change. I want more from life. I always get deja vu. This one time, I didn't, but the next time when I didn't, whoa. [laughter] There's a special place in hell for people who refuse to ask for directions, but they'll never find it. ♪ ♪ You were, to me, one of the standout auditions, but I'm gonna be honest with you. The act itself right now isn't right yet for Vegas in my opinion, but I really, really like you. We'll see you later on. Well done. Thank you very much. [cheers and applause] What have you been up to? What's going on? Yeah, I've just been waiting to come back on here so I can change my life, you know? I hear you. ♪ It isn't in my blood ♪ Whoo! This is your time to shine, and baby, you are shining. There is a lot of pressure, because now I'm on this huge stage at Universal Studios, and then I'm one step closer to Vegas. ♪ I know I'm not the only one ♪ ♪ Who regrets the things they've done ♪ He's a very good singer, but very good singing is not enough to be a headlining show in Vegas. To know that millions could see what you're doing, including a mistake if you make one, is scary. [cheers and applause] My name's Matthew Richardson. I am an acrobatic performer. So you blew us away for your first audition. So what are you gonna do tonight that just ups the ante? Well, I'm performing something that's a lot more personal to me. This is a piece I created for my dad. At 26, I didn't feel like I was accomplishing anything meaningful. I decided to quit my job and went to a school for acrobatics. My dad supported me. He loved that I was just going after my dream. [wild cheering] 200%. Four yeses. Yeah! [cheers and applause] Are you ready to push it to another level tonight? Yeah, this one's just a lot more of a personal piece. I was staying in a hotel called the Dream Catcher. I had a dream about my dad. I had a dream about losing him. It was a little too intense. I felt like I should check on him. I came home, and, um... he just told me that he had pancreatic cancer. ♪ ♪ I didn't know anything at the time, I didn't know. My parents didn't tell me, and a month later he was gone. ♪ ♪ I'm overcome with emotion at him honoring his dad the way that he has. I just wanted to create something beautiful for him. You know, my dad was my biggest fan. [cheers and applause] I'm so proud of both of you, boys. I'm proud of you. Really? I'm proud you're my dad. [classical music] ♪ ♪ We just had a great idea. Okay. We could've pretended that this is a giant tent. Yeah. What do you think? Yeah, it can be like a circus. Yeah, a circus [indistinct]. You really want to leave for the circus now? [indistinct] ♪ ♪ Yeah, it can be like the circus. ♪ ♪ Yeah, it can be like the circus. ♪ ♪ [cheers and applause] ♪ Tired eyes ♪ ♪ Maybe you've seen too much ♪ ♪ Tired heart ♪ ♪ Every end has a start ♪ Was that actual recordings of your dad? Yeah. It's very moving and so inspiring. Wonderful. Thanks. ♪ Time will save you ♪ We were looking at your circle. Wow, it looks like a dream catcher. It is, yeah. To actually watch you literally make your dreams come true is pretty extraordinary, and can't wait to buy a ticket to your act in Vegas. ♪ Time will save you ♪ ♪ And if you need me now ♪ I mean, I lost my mom and dad, but after a while, I still talk to them every day. If I have a problem in my mind, what would they say? So the fact that you were able to do that-- I'm looking at your mom-- that was very special. I think of an act like this in the true sense of variety, and some of the acts I see I don't believe can headline the main show. But you're special. I believe that. Thank you, Simon. Thank you. ♪ Time will save you ♪ Wow. [cheers and applause] Yay, Matthew! ♪ You don't need to save yourself ♪ Everybody has a story, you know? But they don't always use it in their act, right? But they don't always use it. Matthew, that was extraordinary. ♪ You don't need to save yourself ♪ . Are you feeling nervous? Yeah. Everything's on the line. Yeah. I'm Damiyr, I'm 34 years old, and I'm from New York City. My name is Chris Klafford, and I'm a singer from Sweden. I'm from a very small village called Hagness. The village only had, like, six houses, and a family member of mine lived in all of those houses, so it was a very-- we were close as a family. Now, I didn't have a lot of support in my-- I grew up in group homes and foster homes. I've had stage fright my entire life. Singing in the subway was sort of my way of getting myself out there but in an environment where people don't care. When I mess up in the subway, no one hears it 'cause they're not listening, but-- They just walk on by. Exactly. They just keep--okay. Welcome to "America's Got Talent." It was out of control. I almost fainted. There was a moment I was like, "Ah." ♪ And around and around and around we go ♪ Going forward, you've got to do something we've never heard before, and that means taking risks. When you face a fear and someone looks at you and says, "Take a risk," it's like, "Oh, I got to really, really face this fear even deeper." Damiyr. Hi. How are you? I'm good. Do you want to introduce yourself please? My name is Damiyr. I'm from New York City. I play in the subway. Good luck, Damiyr. [cheers and applause] ♪ Say something ♪ ♪ I'm giving up on you ♪ ♪ Sorry that I couldn't get to you ♪ ♪ And I ♪ ♪ Will swallow my pride ♪ ♪ You're the one that I love ♪ ♪ And I'm saying goodbye ♪ ♪ Oh ♪ ♪ Say something ♪ ♪ I'm giving up on you ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ Yeah, yeah ♪ ♪ I'll be the one if you want me to ♪ ♪ Whoa ♪ ♪ Anywhere I will follow you ♪ ♪ Oh ♪ ♪ Say something ♪ ♪ I'm giving up on you ♪ [wild cheering] [James Arthur's "Falling like the Stars"] ♪ I swear to God when I come home ♪ Wow. ♪ I'm gonna hold you so close ♪ I feel moved by that performance. He's really good. ♪ I swear to god when I come home ♪ ♪ I'll never let go ♪ That was brilliant. Yeah. Just brilliant to take the track away, let us hear you, and boy, did we listen. ♪ Like a river I flow ♪ I've never heard anyone sing that song with the passion and the intensity you did. It told us so much about you. Really, really memorable audition, so you've given yourself a real shot here, Damiyr. Thank you. ♪ And I need you to know ♪ ♪ That we're falling so fast ♪ ♪ We're falling like the stars ♪ This is Judge Cuts, man. I mean, literally you are one step away from being at the live shows. Yeah, it's so surreal. I can't even take it in. I know that I don't look like a typical singer. Sometimes when I went to a gig, people just looked at me thinking like, "Oh, who is this?" I don't think they think much of me. ♪ Imagine there's no heaven ♪ Being here at "American's Got Talent," it feels like the ultimate validation for me. It was a dream. ♪ You ♪ ♪ But you may say I'm a dreamer ♪ Four yeses. [cheers and applause] I feel a little bit of pressure to, like, step it up a notch from my first audition. ♪ ♪ This guy is awesome. ♪ I hope someday you will join us ♪ Man, I can't really describe how much I want to be one of those seven. Hello. Nice to meet you. Nice to meet you. So you're from, is it Lindesberg, Sweden? Is that how you say it? "Lin-des-berg." I was close. Yeah. Welcome. Thank you so much. What song are you gonna do? I was thinking about doing an original song. All right. They'll either hate it, or they'll love it. You know what I mean? Yeah. So that's the risk you take with the originals. One risk at a time. It's called "Something Like Me." What's it about? [laughter] It's about Simon. It's mainly about people judging me because of my appearance. You want to fit the mold, so it's about that. Great. [cheers and applause] ["Something Like Me" begins] ♪ ♪ ♪ Frustrated while I'm waiting on a miracle ♪ ♪ I know the world is filled ♪ ♪ With different kind of people ♪ ♪ I know ♪ ♪ I'm strong ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ Walking down the street and I feel so invisible ♪ ♪ They're talking to me like I'm not sure we're equal ♪ ♪ I know ♪ ♪ I'm strong ♪ ♪ Feel like I could break out ♪ ♪ Break out ♪ ♪ That I could use some space now to break out ♪ Wow. ♪ The question's on me ♪ ♪ Ask me to be something like me ♪ ♪ Why you trying to paint me like an enemy ♪ ♪ I feel like I could break out ♪ ♪ Break out ♪ ♪ Into something just like me ♪ ♪ Into something just like me ♪ ♪ Into something just like me ♪ [wild cheering] [Banners' "Got It In You"] ♪ ♪ ♪ You got it in you ♪ Oh, man. It's truly inspiring to hear you sing. This is one of those moments. I haven't had the moments you've had through the years, Simon, discovering people, but you're something else. ♪ You don't know what you got ♪ ♪ But you got it at your fingertips ♪ I think you stepped it up from your first audition, because I think when you throw your songwriting abilities on top of that, you're taking a gamble. That gamble paid off. The only question we have, is there room for you in the live show? And that's based on everybody's talent tonight, but, uh, we will deliberate. When you say you don't want to fit the mold, I like this mold. Stay who you are. Thank you. I watched your first audition back, and I wasn't that excited as I thought I was. ♪ When the lights go out ♪ So I was concerned if you came back and did a cover, I've seen and heard that too many times in my life. The song actually enabled us to learn more about you, who you are. ♪ This would be so hard ♪ It wasn't a risk. A risk would've been not doing that. [cheers and applause] You've made our jobs a little bit harder now because it was that good. Thank you so much. ♪ ♪ I really, really liked the song. I did too. It's natural talent too. An original. You stepped it up. I'm just so glad that it went well, and I feel good about the performance. ♪ ♪ You upped your game by a thousand percent. What you shared made me like you even more. Only one of you is going through. . [indistinct chatter] What? Okay? Let's go. The Messoudi Brothers, the do, like, acts of strength. [indistinct] [cheers and applause] Hi. Welcome back to "America's Got Talent." How are you guys doing right now? We are very, very tired. We came from Beirut, actually, right now. Wow. They lost our luggage, actually, the airline, so these are not our costumes. "America's Got Talent" got them together for us, so-- Have you had a chance to warm up? No, we've had no chance to warm up. We haven't eaten. We have nothing. We just rushed here. We got straight in a car. But we couldn't miss it, 'cause we got our dad here. Your dad is here? Yeah, and our dad is the reason that we started working. He's been teaching us ever since we was, like, two, three years old. He actually worked in America. That's where he started his career, and so like, for us, we got to prove to him that we can also conquer America. [cheers and applause] Well, thank you so much. Good luck. Let's do this. Yeah. [cheers and applause] [Zayde Wolf's "Born Ready"] ♪ I don't believe in no devil ♪ ♪ 'Cause I done raised this hell ♪ ♪ Oh-oh-oh-oh, oh-oh-oh-oh ♪ ♪ Oh-oh-oh-oh, oh-oh-oh-oh ♪ ♪ I've been the last one standing ♪ ♪ When all the giants fell ♪ ♪ Oh-oh-oh-oh, oh-oh-oh-oh ♪ ♪ Oh-oh-oh-oh, oh-oh-oh-oh ♪ Hey. [cheers and applause] ♪ Start me up, open my eyes ♪ Hey, pop that one. ♪ Turn me loose and you'll see why ♪ ♪ I was born, born ready ♪ ♪ I was born, born ready ♪ ♪ Staring at the pressure now ♪ ♪ I won't quit, not backing down ♪ Whoa. ♪ I was born, born ready ♪ ♪ I was born, born ready ♪ What? What? Whoa! Oh-oh-oh! What? That's impossible. ♪ Higher, higher ♪ Oh, no hands. Ohh! What? Oh, that's-- you have no idea how strong you gotta be to do that. Oh, my gosh. ♪ Keep pushing it higher, higher ♪ ♪ Keep pushing up ♪ ♪ Ahh, start me up ♪ Oh, no, he's going back. What? No, no. ♪ Turn me loose and you'll see why ♪ ♪ Keep pushing higher, higher ♪ Oh! My God! ♪ Keep pushing up ♪ ♪ Ready ♪ [wild cheering] Thank you, guys. Thank you. [cheers and applause] If it's okay with everyone, we'd like to invite our dad on the stage. Go ahead. Of course, go, Dad. [cheers and applause] Aw. The reason that we do what we do. Aw. Your turn. ♪ Start me up, open my eyes ♪ Yo, Pops! ♪ Turn me loose and you'll see why ♪ ♪ I was born, born ready ♪ He's coming out of retirement right now. ♪ Born ready ♪ [dramatic music] ♪ ♪ [audience clamors] Wow. ♪ ♪ That's how you put your family on your back. ♪ ♪ No. No way. [wild cheering] What? No! Oh, my God. That's new. Ohh! ♪ ♪ [wild cheering] [Huey Lewis and the News' "Power of Love"] ♪ ♪ Only on AGT, y'all. ♪ That's the power of love ♪ Bravo. He's still got it. Wow, wow, wow. Gabrielle? Uh-oh. Okay. Are you kidding me? First of all, thank you, airline, for losing that luggage, 'cause you don't need shirts. [cheers and applause] I mean, this is unbelievable. You guys blew us away the first time. You did not disappoint under extraordinary circumstances. You incorporated Dad into the act, and you upped your game by a thousand percent. ♪ Don't need money ♪ All right, Brad? I have two sons, and I couldn't do that when they were two and four. [laughter] So that's great. So you're slacking, Brad? Basically you're slacking. Way to go, dudes. ♪ That's the power of love ♪ Simon? Well, you know, what you shared with us actually made me like you even more, because a lot of people would've probably just given up or sulked or moaned or whatever, and you just got on with it. And I love the fact that you got your dad in. I am never showing this audition to Eric ever in my life. "So you think this is normal? Forget it." Well done. ♪ They say that all in love is fair ♪ Howie? In the face of adversity, you rose to the occasion, so you just made our job a lot harder because now only six acts can go through, but you're certainly deserving, so good luck. Great job, guys. ♪ Don't need money ♪ Thank you so much. Goodnight. We're going to bed. Goodnight, America. ♪ To ride this train ♪ It's hysterical that this is the act they had to buy shirts for. After so long, you came back strong. Perfect [indistinct]. ♪ That's the power of love ♪ . Yay! We are the Ndlovu Choir from Limpopo province in South Africa. Growing up, we are not exposed to a lot of things like arts, music. You hear about them, you watch them on TV, but we are, like, a bit far from everything. This choir is so special to me. Singing puts a smile on my face, it consoles me. It's the healing power for my soul. We are here with our leader, Conductor Ralf. He has made us believe in ourselves, and we are very thankful. In our community, when you say you want to be a singer, no one takes you serious, but Ralf does. [cheers and applause] Is this your first time in America? Yes, this is my first time in America. Hello, America. ♪ All in my African dream ♪ [all chanting] Seeing a lot of people screaming, we didn't expect that. ♪ ♪ From the second you walked out, I think this whole place was rooting for you, and you did not disappoint. It's four yeses. [wild cheering] We really like America a lot. Hot dogs. Hot dogs. Yeah. You see where they come from. They somehow put that behind them and go out and give these incredible performances. I always say that they teach me far more than I teach them. You know, 20, 30 years ago, we would've been arrested for working together because of apartheid. They just create a celebration of what South Africa is today. When we sing, that's when we have one voice. That's when we unite. [cheers and applause] Hello again. Hello, hello, hello. It's so nice to see you. How are you? Good, thanks. And yourselves? Fantastic. Well, look, you actually did the best celebration after getting four yeses I've ever seen in my life, but it's all down to you now. Good luck. Thank you so much. [cheers and applause] ♪ Africa ♪ [vocalizing] [all chanting] ♪ ♪ ♪ You're the soldier choosing your battles ♪ ♪ You know it's serious we're getting closer ♪ ♪ This isn't over ♪ ♪ The pressure's on ♪ ♪ You feel it ♪ ♪ But you've got it all ♪ ♪ Believe it ♪ ♪ When you fall get up, oh, oh ♪ ♪ And if you fall get up, oh, oh, ♪ ♪ Tsamina mina zangalewa ♪ ♪ 'Cause this is Africa ♪ ♪ Tsamina mina eh, eh ♪ ♪ Waka waka eh, eh ♪ ♪ Tsamina mina zangalewa ♪ ♪ Anawa ah, ah ♪ ♪ Tsamina mina eh, eh ♪ ♪ Waka waka eh, eh ♪ ♪ Tsamina mina zangalewa ♪ ♪ It's time for Africa ♪ [singing in native language] ♪ ♪ ♪ But this is Africa ♪ [all singing in native language] ♪ ♪ ♪ 'Cause this is Africa ♪ [wild cheering] [Jessie J's "Flashlight"] Whoo! Whoo-whoo-whoo! ♪ ♪ ♪ When tomorrow comes I'll be on my own ♪ ♪ Feeling frightened of the things that I don't know ♪ ♪ When tomorrow comes, tomorrow comes ♪ ♪ Tomorrow comes ♪ We don't see choirs like you. I mean, you guys dance. You sing. You're so together. What you represent is unity and collectiveness. Beautiful. Thank you. [cheers and applause] I've always thought that art and music are the greatest ambassadors for any place, any country, and you guys, it's an amazing thing. [cheers and applause] It's beautiful. It's effortless. I mean, fantastic. ♪ You light the way ♪ Your voices all together, your energy, everything that you represent, pure magic. Great job. Thank you so much. ♪ Getting me, getting me through the night ♪ Oh, wow, wow, wow. I always love seeing you guys perform. I don't know what it is. It's like, if I could bottle it, I would drink it every day. I think it works. I think people want you to do well, but, you know, this is not gonna be a walk in the park this time because we've only got seven places. I don't think you could've done any more. Well done. Thank you. Thank you so much. ♪ I got all I need when I got you and I ♪ ♪ I look around me and see a sweet life ♪ If we were to go home tonight, it would be very disappointing because we really want to go to the live shows and make South Africa proud. ♪ You're my flashlight ♪ I just think today was a great day. Thank you, all of you. I think--Seriously. You think you have a clear six? No. I definitely don't. No. This is gonna be tough. ♪ ♪ Six and only six can go through to the live show. Did you do enough? ♪ ♪ . All 18 acts have performed, and now the judges are deliberating on what six acts will make it through to the live shows. I have a feeling tonight we're not gonna be in tune. This is hard. We want this so badly. I think I have three that I cannot live without. This. Really? The nerves in this room, you can feel like everyone is on edge. No. I'd say yes. Are you serious? Yeah. After everything that's happened, you know, the hardships, the loss, I think everything I've been through has led to this moment. I don't think this guy was good enough. Are you kidding? No. This has always been my dream to share my songs with the world. One more. I just hope that I gave enough to make it through to the live shows. I think this is a good six. Yeah. Can we just all say thank you to you, Brad? Whoo! Thank you, Brad. Thank you for having me. I loved it. It was great. Thank you. Will the following acts please head to the stage. Dakota and Nadia, and Duo Togni. [Andy Grammer's "Don't Give up on Me"] ♪ I will fight ♪ Thank you so much for waiting. ♪ I will fight for you ♪ We've argued, and trust me, we have different opinions. It was just a lot of people fighting for the same places, so I'm afraid both of you have not made the live shows, and I'm really, really sorry. ♪ I will stay ♪ ♪ I will stay with you ♪ Yeah. I really, really loved them. ♪ We'll make it through the other side ♪ Matthew, I just want to tell you your storytelling and the athleticism, it's absolutely stunning. Thank you. Thank you so much. This day has been very emotional for all of us because we went back and forth and back and forth, so... unfortunately we're gonna have to say "no" this time. I think you have an unbelievable future in front of you. [sighs] I mean, it sucks. [chuckles] It doesn't feel good to not make it, but I'm really happy that I got to perform a piece for my dad. ♪ So don't give up on me ♪ I know he just would've been proud beyond words. ♪ And I will hold ♪ As you know, after the Golden Buzzer, we only have six spaces left. We have never ever had so many arguments about who's going in and who's going home, and I'm really not exaggerating. And you really had some mixed comments. So I'm gonna give you the news. Oh, and I am sorry. You have got a lot more rehearsing to do because you will be at the live shows at the Dolby. [wild cheering] ♪ I'm not giving up, giving up, no not yet ♪ ♪ Even when I'm down to my last breath ♪ ♪ Even when they say there's nothing left ♪ Good job, ladies. ♪ So don't give up on me ♪ We have 18 acts. We can only put six through. Unfortunately your journey on "America's Got Talent" ends tonight. ♪ No matter what this world will throw ♪ ♪ I'll wait for you ♪ This has honestly been the hardest day for us. It took so much for you guys to get here, yet you didn't miss a beat. You made this really, really difficult for us. [exhales] So with that being said... you are going to the Dolby. ♪ I'm not giving up ♪ ♪ I'm not giving up, giving up, no not yet ♪ We'll see you guys at the live shows. ♪ Even when I'm down to my last breath ♪ We made it to the lives. ♪ So don't give up on me ♪ I'm so proud of you. We almost didn't make it here, and now we're actually going to the live show. I'm just so overwhelmed. ♪ I can feel the ghosts from my past still haunt me ♪ This was a tough fight, but I'm sorry to inform you that you are not going to the live shows. I'm so sorry. ♪ But I won't let the demons in the dark define me ♪ Oh, it's so hard. Oh, that's heartbreaking. ♪ 'Cause we can't walk until we crawl ♪ Berywam, after very rigorous and contentious debate, it was a unanimous decision. You're going through. ♪ I rise again ♪ Congratulations, guys. This is a dream come true. Now we're on the live show. It's unbelievable. ♪ Rise ♪ Variety is the epitome of "America's Got Talent," and you are consummate variety acts. I'll tell you right off the bat, only one of you is going through. The one act going through to the live shows is... Lukas and Falco. ♪ Rise again ♪ ♪ You're gonna watch me rise again ♪ And you've got to be amazing for the live shows, okay? We'll give our best. ♪ Rise again ♪ ♪ Waking up wondering if I can even do this ♪ You've traveled across the world to be on "America's Got Talent." Out of 18 acts, six more, and only six, can go through to the live show. Did you do enough? Baby, you did enough. ♪ Rise again ♪ ♪ You're gonna watch me rise again ♪ [all chanting, singing] ♪ ♪ That's what I feel like I want to see in the live show. Yeah. Oh. ♪ Out of the ashes and fire ♪ All right, we will see you in Hollywood. ♪ Rise again ♪ We have been trying to agree on who should go through, and you guys made it really, really difficult. One of you has made the live shows. And that person... ♪ Did you know that we were born to fly ♪ ...is Chris. ♪ And you're gonna watch me ♪ ♪ Rise again ♪ Man. Thanks a lot. You're incredible. Thank you so much. Thank you. ♪ You can keep knocking me down but ♪ I mean, I'm going to the Dolby Theatre for the live shows of "America's Got Talent." Come on. I mean, my heart is singing right now. It's crazy. ♪ Rise again ♪ 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 