The Rook: Season 1, Episode 3 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 The Rook 
 s1e3 - Chapter 3 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 The Rook (2019–…): Season 1, Episode 3 - Chapter 3 - full transcript 
 Myfanwy stumbles upon a disconcerting clue regarding her mysterious past; Farrier attempts to find a scapegoat that he can use for the bankside murders; Monica gets ready to do some undercover work as she attends an EVA auction. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Previously on The Rook... If you're reading these words but don't remember writing them, then I'm afraid I've failed. Do you know about my pills? They help you stay in control. I was concerned that you, of all people, wouldn't be able to keep your emotions in check. Like all rare and valuable things, EVAs are trafficked, they're stolen. They're smuggled, traded. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 - And I'm one of them? - Yes. - What's that you've got there? - It's fulgurite. I've identified the target. Who was it? Myfanwy Thomas. And I know that my memory is going to be lost, so I've decided to give you a choice. Two keys. Fuck it. I found this footage in a box of my dad's stuff when he died. He was some sort of government psychiatrist. My mum thinks he might have worked for the Checquy. I assume that these are some kids 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 with Extreme Variant Abilities. EVAs don't always manifest as children. Some of them display their first sign of varied power much later in life, in their 20s and even 30s. Oh, so this is interesting. This is the quadruplet hive mind as a child. Check out subheading/quad-sightings. The shared consciousness. They're all the same age, but two of them appear to be identical, while the other two are fraternal. Imagine being their parents. Finding your infants crawling and crying in unison. And here they are after they were groomed. The general consensus is the Checquy intentionally differentiated them to perform various tasks simultaneously so they'd be a better asset. The agency is all about using these EVAs for their own benefit, but they sell it as, like... They're helping them. Discovered just hours apart and within walking distance of each other, it is still unclear whether victims at Mansel Bank have any connection to the crime scene at the Millennium Bridge. Details suggest the eight people found dead may be connected to an unidentified religious cult. With the Metropolitan Police only releasing limited information on the case, pressure is mounting on authorities to confirm the identities of the victims the press is now calling the "Tate Eight." - 50 fucking... - From the Prime Minister. Many consider these high profile murders a test of Ms. Birch, and are watching closely for some indication of her ability to manage... - Home Secretary. - Thank you. My understanding is that the purpose of a cover story is to minimize press attention. Mm, more to change the conversation. Gloria picked a story almost as implausible as the truth. I like cult suicide. Would you prefer something more sensational? I'd prefer you brought the big guns in on this. Claudia's in over her head. I'll notify Chevalier Wulff. When were you going to tell me that Myfanwy Thomas is our rogue EVA? A senior court member going off like a nuclear bomb right under your nose, and you obfuscated. Uh, I had good reason not to inform you myself. Uh, I assumed that you'd want to maintain deniability. I'll decide what I deny. Since when did Rook Thomas do anything outside her very limited set of skills? I admit that it... it was a surprise, but I believe that her actions were entirely justified. We have her safely contained. She's manifesting in ways that we'd always hoped. She might have picked somewhere less conspicuous to blossom. I was hoping to use this as an opportunity to encourage retraining, but she's mortified. I don't think it's going to happen anytime soon. So all this mess, and nothing in return. We'll get it cleaned up. It's just going to take some time while my departments are overstretched. Don't even think about a request to the Treasury. It's hard enough to justify Checquy funds when no one has any idea you people exist. This story needs to be put to bed within 24 hours, or I'm afraid it won't be your mess to mop up anymore. Understood. I just had an illuminating meeting with the Home Secretary and her straightening iron. - A dynamic she quite enjoys. - She does? You seem to have intimate knowledge. Look, about Myfanwy, uh, and the bridge, I really... No, I owe you the apology. And I just wanted to let you know that I'm fully up to speed and to thank you for bringing me some clarity. Linda, this is really a delicate situation. My thoughts exactly. - Hello? - Grantchester knows. - About my memory? - No. I'm talking about the bridge and the bank. Steer clear of him today. He'll only ask more questions. Listen, I'm in my car park. I think I'm being watched. Have you taken your pills? - Yeah. - Listen to me. Don't go back in the building. Fuck, I can't anyway. Exit to the street. Walk west. Walk, don't run. - I'm still here, by the way. - Stay calm. They're following me. - How many do you see? - Two. And what do they look like? - Men that want to kill me. - Listen to me. Head to your nearest underground. Well, I could just go into one of the... Myfanwy, Victoria line, north. Myfanwy? Get on the train. And head north. Go! Please, everyone, stay calm! All social media references to the bridge and the bank need to be tagged and categorized by topic. Any photographs should be sent to my Dropbox. - Morning, all. - Good morning. So we need to compile a list of any emerging theories, and, above all, do not engage with these people directly. Understand? They're fucking insane. Got it. Do you need me to go through and note these? No need; I read them on the treadmill this morning. Danielle, thank God you're here. - Where have you been? - Well, I just got back from Palawan on Saturday. Believe it or not, they've even got conspiracy theorists there too. I'm afraid some of ours are dancing dangerously close to the truth. - Hm. - There's a forum discussion all about the fulgurites. Those ionized crystals all over the floor. They'll forget all about them once our cover story's in place. I'll hijack the discussion into an in-depth analysis of sedimentary versus metamorphic rock. It will kill them with boredom. That will keep it out the mainstream. - So far, so good. - Nice to have you back. Thank you. - Conrad. - Wulff! I heard a rumor that your hand might be taking the wheel. - As usual, the rumor is true. - Please, come in, come in. Have you seen the proposed headline for tomorrow? Yes, already made the call. They're pulling the story. Oh, thank God. That editor's a nasty fucker. I know, we went to the same school. Hm. Well, thanks for getting ahead of it. - Can always count on you. - Always. You got a nice view of the Magpies. With a good aim, we could just about hit them. Lob some soap. Twice the normal crowd camped out front today. Ingrid calls them conspiracy theorists who just happen to be right. - Yes? - Kyle Miller, Vetting Department. A word? About what? The meeting regarding your undisclosed romantic liaison. Any relationship must be formally disclosed - under Rule 143... - Yes, I'm aware of the policy. And you can dispute the claim at the meeting. I'm aware of that policy as well. Who made the report? I need an alias. I'm rich, probably in property investments. The type that buys art at auction. I need documentation, a car, and full background cover. Oh, and I also need 50,000 pounds or quids or bits or whatever it is you call it. I can't pay you back, but you will thank me in the end. Use crypto-currency on this drive. It's completely anonymous. - Where did you find this? - It belonged to Marcus Kevler. An American. Lugat uses hardware like this to buy and sell EVAs. I'm taking over Marcus's role as middle man. What? No one will ever know. If I give you the password, then you can just transfer the money. I've already set up the app. Maybe this is a request for your assistant in America. Well, he's sleeping, because he's in America. I work for Rook Thomas. I think I have things figured out around here. Myfanwy Thomas shows up whenever she feels inclined. Meanwhile, you and I, we're here busting our ass, working 24/7, really... oh, crap, sorry. Oh! Hey, good looking guy. - My brother. - Yeah? Part of a cop family? He was killed in a Vulture raid. Fucking cunts. I'm sorry. Do you have any pictures of your Marcus? I'm assuming you mean his face. He looks like a nice guy. I'm sorry for your loss as well. That was a close call. You'll be okay. I don't know where you're getting that idea. What have you done to stir up the Vultures? I'm not saying it's your fault, and I shouldn't have had a go at you last night. Things are weird around here. Farrier ordered me to track you this morning. Well, I suppose under the circumstances, - that was a good thing. - I know something's going on. Something's different with you. If you say so. I know so. Whatever it is, you can tell me. Are you okay? What is it? It's nothing, I was shot. Eliza's in the infirmary. Hi. I thought you might want... are you... I told you, it's nothing. - It was only a sedative. - Yeah. Still, I'm... I'm so sorry. Don't be sorry. It's my job. You're incredible. So are you. About what happened between us the other night. I mean, I know you said it was a mistake. I don't make mistakes. Stats look good. Just need to sign you out. - Look. - What? A Vulture we captured. Peter Van Syoc. Known member of the Lugat. Technically he's still dead. Do you mean dead again? He's a form of extremophile, similar to a tardigrade. A creature which can suspend animation. Voluntarily shutdown all life processes. Heart rate, respiration, when threatened by the external environment. - I'll wake him up. - No need. Clearly, he's our missing EVA target. May we please have the room? You know my value here, don't you, Linda? In this particular situation, or in general? - Both. - I do. All right, he's yours. But you know this man is Lugat. We need to maintain a united front. I would have it no other way. Thank you. - Hello. - Name and identification? Thank you. I sent a link to pay the fee. Buyers pay $50,000. Once it clears, you're registered to bid. - Thank you. - Good luck. Welcome to Forsythe's New Contemporaries Art Collection. It's a joy seeing so many familiar faces. Right. Let's get to it. Lot one. Entitled "Neodymium," in reference to the rare metallic element with the power of magnetism. Starting bid, £1 million. One million. Do I hear £1 1/2 million? Thank you, £1 1/2 million. Any interest at £2 million? Relax. Remain calm, remain calm. It's just a mild irritant to wake you up and make you looser with the truth. But if you fight it... Lot number three, entitled "Fugue." Described as an exploration of personal amnesia. Starting the bid at £1 million. Two. £2 million? Three. £3 million. £4 million. £4 million. £5 million. Thank you, £5 million. Six, six? Yes, Bianca has £6 million. Seven? £7 million. Robin, are you... Yes, £7 million. £7 million. Ten, ten is offered here. Thank you. Still interest? Bianca, do you have... £30 million? 30. £30 million. 35. £35 million. 40? 40? £40 million. £45 million. Do I hear £45 million? 45 from the gentleman right here. £50 million? £50 million? 50? Sold to the gentleman for £45 million. Moving on now to lot number four, "Deep Blue Harbor." Sophie Abbot's vivid... - I see you're the seller. - Starting the bidding... So much for anonymity. May I buy you a drink? What's your name? Uh... Peter Mees Van Syoc. - From? - Eindhoven. North Brabant, yeah. - And you were recruited by... - Lugat ten long years ago. Good, good. Tell me, Peter. What do you want with my Rook? Oh, uh... Yeah. Well, she could be valuable in the right hands. You failed to bring her to her full potential. - So Lorik instructed you to... - I... Lorik's lazy, man. He's lazy. I don't need his instruction. I know when to carpe the diem, so... no. Your talents are unique. Perhaps in exchange for the right information, they could be put to better use. Oh, come on, spare me the recruiting manual. You prefer a life of crime? What are you? No, I'm serious. What are you? Are you a instrument for justice, huh? Oh, and they give you fancy clothes, give you a car, give you a place to live. Give you a role. Make you feel included. Is that right? Is that what you feel, huh? Yeah, man. They do anything to distract you from the fact that you're a slave to the state. I tend to pay no heed to lectures from human traffickers. You're a fucking hypocrite! You know what you do? You rip children away from their families. And yet, you call me the Vulture. Condescending to the proletariat. Spare me the revolution manual. Hey. Revolution is inevitable. Oh, and who's gonna lead it, Peter? - You? - Mm. You had more charisma as a corpse. This is over. Take him to the Box, and I want the tape. Oh. Is that your boss? Hi, boss. Uh, Linda, it may appear that this session took a... We have what we need. ♪ The murder shoot, here I am ♪ Tell me about the most unusual EVA you've encountered. There must be some rarities in your country. I knew one who had enhanced sensory perception. Could see for miles. He could hear a whisper in a crowd. Didn't want to be in his crosshairs. - How did you... - Prize him out? Didn't need to. We worked together. - Against his own? - I know. Who does that, right? So tell me, Gordon. What do you plan to do with your acquisition? Well, each case calls for different treatment. Some turn a profit on loan. Others, we keep for personal use. You have something. I know they say you can't tell by looking, but I've developed a nose for it. Can I tell you a secret? I can fly. Oh, you should have seen the look on your face. Let's say we skip the formalities. You're the seller. Take me to the drop site yourself. After, I'll take you home. There's so much I want to show you. Ah, here's the drop right now. Come with. You could stay the night. Oh, wish I could, but I've got to get to Patagonia on the red eye. Oh. Until next time. You don't know what you're missing. Oh, Myfanwy, I've got forms for you to sign. Okay. Sign... this, this... this. Oh, and you'll like this one. - What is it? - Vehicle Depot is querying Gestalt's Range Rover. Teddy scraped it all down one side and broke the axle. - When? - This morning, when you were in the infirmary. Oh, and uh, the courier brought what you needed from the chemist, your pills. Thanks. Oh, by the way, that American is using us. Bled us for £50,000 today. Oh, speaking of which, look at the time. I've got to call accounting. - Ingrid? - Mm-hmm? The detainee, Van Syoc, where is he now? In the Box, where he belongs. That doesn't mean you're considering a visit... Thank you, Ingrid. Rook Thomas, have you read the review? Yes, I just have a few more questions. Cell Four, I've been ordered to keep this one fully restrained. - Shall I accompany you? - That won't be necessary. Thank you. What do you want from me? How much of your memory is gone? All of it, or some of it? You were at the bridge. What's your mother's name? Can't even picture your own mother? You really have nothing left. No history. Not a scrap of familial comfort. You know, you're of no use to anyone. Not that you were worth a lot to begin with. You've come at me three times. And three times, you've failed. I may not remember much, but I do remember what I did to you. This morning, you ran from me like a scared little girl. And now, you're all chained up, and I'm still here, unchained, completely in control of what happens next. And this time, I promise, you will not be coming back. So I'm gonna ask you once more. What did you want from me? To finish the job. Sell you at auction. - You were going to sell me? - No, at first, Zef said "don't bother, they... they broke her like a twig a long time ago." But I told them that's the point. The buyer will see the potential. You know, who's going to stop us? Your superiors were fine to hand you over - without a kiss good-bye. - Who? Them. All of them. No one cared. Well, it appears they've changed their minds. Uh... I wouldn't be so sure. You may have forgotten, but they remember. All of it, all the things they did to break you. Ask them about Glengrove and Bristol. None of this ever would have happened! - Are you all right? - Yeah. And I know shouldn't have been... Why? You have every right to know what that animal wanted with you. - What'd he say? - He kept saying things to unsettle me. - About what? - Glengrove. Sorry. I have nightmares about that place. Yeah, we all do. Our minds weren't our own, but it's okay now. It's all in the past. Good morning. Thanks to the excellent work of the Metropolitan Pol... - Try that. - Are we okay? Let's go again. Okay. - Good morning. - Good morning. Thanks to the excellent work of the Metropolitan Police, we have established that the tragic events of the Millennium Bridge Murders were indeed the suicide of eight members of a registered religious organization known as The Hanneke. We have their leader, Peter Van Syoc, remanded in custody. Van Syoc has given a full confession... - Make her stop. - Let me find a break. Just cut her off. Let's hear our scapegoat's official confession. They give you stuff, too, don't they? Give you a role. Make you feel, uh, included. They do anything to distract you from the fact that you're a slave to the state. Condescending to the proletariat. Hey, revolution is inevitable. It's brilliant, really. You weren't tempted to drink the Kool-Aid, - were you, comrade? - No more than usual. And just so you know, I fully intend to cooperate with the Vetting office. Good. Uh, your transparency is appreciated. The camera loves her, doesn't it? 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 