Smithsonian Spotlight: Season 1, Episode 5 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Smithsonian Spotlight 
 s1e5 - Denying the Moon Landings - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Smithsonian Spotlight (2009–…): Season 1, Episode 5 - Denying the Moon Landings - full transcript 
 Why are there no stars in the photos? Why is the flag moving when there's no wind? Did we really land on the moon? 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Ok, Neil, we can see you coming down the ladder now. July 20, 1969. It was a breathtaking moment. Neil Armstrong: That's one small step for a man... one giant leap for mankind. Back on Earth, millions gazed with wonder and astonishment, even disbelief. Beautiful, beautiful. Isn't that something? It seemed so impossible. And some believe, to this day, that it was impossible... 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 that it never happened... That the landing was a gigantic hoax. And he basically said, "I don't believe these guys did this." He says, "you know, them guys in Hollywood, they can fake anything." Despite an avalanche of evidence that the moon landings were real, conspiracy theories abound, and those who believe them are very persistent. Just ask Buzz Aldrin. The best thing to do, don't pay any attention to them. You're the one who said you walked on the Moon when you didn't. Now, if they really irritate you, you might hit them. You're a coward, and a liar, and a... 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Evidence will not sway them. Fact will not convince them. And now their private opinions are public rants on the Internet. Anyone can do it, and they can say anything they want. But why does the myth persist? The thrill of spaceflight doesn't hold a candle to the thrill of conspiracy theories. Join us as we relive Apollo with the heroes who made it happen, and the deniers who claim it didn't. I'm Susan Spencer for Smithsonian Spotlight. Few endeavors are as inspirational to us as human spaceflight. More than 40 years after we landed on the Moon, people still line up inside the National Air and Space Museum just to touch a Moon rock. I don't even know how they got up there, I mean, it's pretty amazing. But there are a stubborn few out there who insist that we never made it to the Moon and we've all been duped. They think the landing was faked-- staged as an elaborate hoax. So we sat down with some Apollo astronauts, among others, to wonder why, in the face of overwhelming evidence, some people still refuse to believe it. After all, it's one of human history's greatest stories. You can't make this stuff up! Can you? By any definition, the '60s were a turbulent decade in America. There was international upheaval. The Vietnam War was just beginning to start to escalate in the mid '60s. And it was beginning to polarize our country. There was domestic turmoil. There had been a variety of civil rights activities, especially after the assassination of Martin Luther King in 1968-- a series of riots had ensued after that. And there was a struggle for superpower supremacy. We were in the middle of a Cold War with the Soviet Union. It was very desperate. The U.S. and the Soviets were locked in a Cold War... and the symbol of the Cold War was the nuclear missile. Each country had a huge arsenal pointed at the other. It was called nuclear deterrence. No country had a clear advantage over the other, which kept everything at a tense stalemate. But in 1957, all that changed. Sputnik went up. And, of course, it caused a little bit of a chill. If the Soviets can do that, they can also target one of their warheads to reach the United States. Two months later, America's first attempt to launch its own satellite was a spectacular failure. Back then, I recall it was 5, 4, 3, 2, 1, blow up, rather than "liftoff." It wasn't very successful. Then, in April 1961, the Soviets put the first man into space, Yuri Gagarin. The Space Race was on, and the Soviets were winning. If the spectacular accomplishment is all that is claimed, Russia has moved ahead of the U.S. once more in the race for the Moon. Then, just a few months after Gagarin went into space and returned a hero, President Kennedy threw down the gauntlet. I believe that this nation should commit itself to achieving the goal, before this decade is out, of landing a man on the Moon and returning him safely to the Earth. But when President Kennedy made this pledge, "We will go to the Moon by the end of the decade," that didn't give NASA very much time. How old was NASA when all that happened? In 1961, NASA had been in existence for only three years. It was a pretty remarkable statement. And they were thrilled with the prospect. Had a little swagger there. I mean, would have had to have been. A little swagger, but also a sense from those who were in charge at the agency that, "Oh, my gosh, we've gotten our dream come true. The president has told us to do something we've always wanted to do. But now we have to actually do it. And that may be the hardest thing of all." To some Americans, Kennedy's goal may have seemed out of reach from the start. After all, there still were people alive in 1961 who remembered the Wright brothers' first flight at Kitty Hawk in 1903. To go from just getting off the ground to getting to the Moon-- within a single lifetime? You might be forgiven for thinking that that was a bit farfetched. Do you think there was any doubt in the collective minds at NASA that this was possible? There was lots of doubts, especially early on. They would sit down at a table with some of the senior officials at NASA and ask the question, "can we do this?" And they said, "well, you know, we've got these issues and those issues. And if everything goes well, we can accomplish this. But it's gonna be a tough road." Godspeed, John Glenn... In 1962, Project Mercury succeeded in putting John Glenn into orbit, circling the Earth three times. Oh, that view is tremendous... In the mid '60s, Project Gemini tested techniques such as orbital maneuvers, docking with another craft, and spacewalking. Hey, Gus, I don't know if you read, but we're right over Houston. The flight director says, "Get back in!" NASA was developing innovations at an astonishing pace, as it strove to meet Kennedy's challenge. The Apollo missions were next. There was a real sense of mission. Absolutely. And by this time, so much had been invested, so much prestige for the United States was riding on this. Apollo had challenging goals and an audacious schedule. It was designed to leapfrog past the Soviets and get to the Moon first. But the momentum came to a disastrous halt on January 27, 1967. The 3-man crew of Apollo 1 perished in a fire during a test on the launch pad. That sent everybody back to the drawing board in terms of, "can we actually do this?" There had to be a retrenchment and a redesign and rededication of effort to recover from that. And as a matter of fact, there were some considerations as to whether we really should go ahead with this program. But Apollo did go ahead. Almost two years after the disaster, Apollo 7 launched a 3-man crew into orbit for the first time. They spent 11 days in orbit, testing the command module. Actually I'm amazed, it looks real good. Then only ten weeks later, in a tremendously risky step, America aimed its astronauts at the Moon. Apollo 8 was, to me, the biggest risk we ever took in Apollo. Because we launched that spacecraft to the Moon, and with no backup engines once they left Earth orbit. The engine had to work. They were the first humans to leave Earth orbit and see the planet from afar... And the first to orbit the Moon. The vast loneliness up here on the Moon is awe-inspiring, and it makes you realize just what you have back there on Earth. The world was in awe, and on Christmas Eve 1968, their words were broadcast live around the globe. And God bless all of you, all of you on the good Earth. Suddenly, landing on the Moon seemed within reach. But it would not be easy. Did you at any point doubt you were going to land successfully? To land another spacecraft on another object meant slowing down from orbit at a high speed around an object, and then slowly bringing it to a point where you could touch it down. If you could land once, you could land ten times. With millions watching around the world, Apollo 11 command module pilot Mike Collins sent Buzz Aldrin and Neil Armstrong off in the lunar module, nicknamed Eagle. Roger, Eagle's undocked. Roger, how does it look? The Eagle has wings! Rog. It's looking good. In Houston, overseeing a tense but confident mission control was flight director Gene Kranz. I remember very vividly coming in that day. And there was a security guard out there, Moody. We were very close to the security people because they were the last people that we would see before we would enter this room. We knew each one of them personally. And Moody came up and said, "Are we gonna land today?" All of the sudden that sunk in. Landing day. Astronaut Charlie Duke was the cap. comm.-- the person designated to be the sole voice of communication between mission control and the astronauts. Eagle, Houston, we read you now. You're go for PDI. Over. Roger, understand. And everything was going along pretty well. And then we started our descent. And we gave 'em a go for power descent. So they ignited the engine. And it seemed like the wheels started comin' off. Suddenly there were overload alarms on the Eagle's guidance computer. Same alarm, and it appears to come up when we have a 16 68 up. Roger, copy. Communication problems. But Armstrong and Aldrin continued searching for a place to set down the Eagle. 2,000 feet, 2,000 feet. Into the AGS, 47 degrees. Roger. Well, there was a crater in front of us that-- that Neil didn't think was a good place to land. So the prudent thing to do instead of pulling up to land short left or right was to fly over on the other side of that. That takes more time and takes more fuel. And fuel for their descent was getting low. If they couldn't land in time, they would have to abort the landing, switch to the fuel reserved for ascent, and return to the command module empty-handed. The clock was ticking. Well, when we hit low level, we knew we had about 120 seconds of fuel remaining. 100 feet, 3.5 down, 9 forward. 5 percent. The next to the last call I gave him as cap. comm. was 60 seconds. And that meant they had 60 seconds to land. 60 seconds. They're still not as close to the surface as we'd like to see 'em. Then we hear, "45 seconds." And then, "30 seconds." And then about the time that my controller said-- was about to say 15, there's a pause. Normally, mission control is not quiet. But in this instant, it was dead silence. Then when he got the call, "contact, engine stop." Contact light. Ok, engine stop. ACA out of detent. And then we recognize the crew is going through the engine shutdown sequence. We've landed the Moon. Tranquility Base here. The Eagle has landed. And I respond-- I was so excited, I couldn't even pronounce "tranquility." It came out like "twanquility" at first. And I--then I corrected myself. Roger, twank--Tranquility, we copy you on the ground. You got a bunch of guys about to turn blue. We're breathing again. Thanks a lot! Thank you. Now, what happened after landing was so much gravy, frosting on the cake. And if you remember that President Kennedy said-- "send a man to the Moon", one man, "and bring him back safely." He didn't say anything about walking around on the surface. Ok, Neil, we can see you coming down the ladder now. Over 600 million people watched the live broadcast. I'm at the foot of the ladder... Well, it was an enormously significant event. And that's the way it was intended because this is about demonstrating American prowess from a scientific and technical perspective. And the whole world watched. That's one small step for a man, one giant leap for mankind. Everything paused on Times Square, as it being broadcast there. Around the world the same sorts of things were happening. And it really was, for just a very few minutes, people kind of pausing and saying, "I'm part of this much bigger thing where humanity has now set foot on another body in the Solar System." And they were very excited about it. Beautiful, beautiful. Isn't that something? Magnificent sight out here. Magnificent desolation. What did it look like? Well, it looked like black sky. The horizon with no air was so defined. You could-- you could see a rock-- a boulder-- on the horizon-- a mile and a half away. With no atmosphere and no impediments to the vision and the sun behind us, we could just see so clearly. And we're getting a picture on the TV. But it was not so clear to people back on Earth. As ghostly and grainy images were broadcast live on TV, skeptics already may have been thinking that something was up. But it's all grainy and it's black and white, and today it looks very out of date. It does. Do you remember at any point looking at that TV image and saying, "hmm, I don't know"? No, I never did. I had followed the program well enough to know how they were taking those pictures and how they were coming back to Earth. There were no detailed conspiracy theories...Yet. But there were people, often older, who scarcely could believe we had made it. My daddy was born in 1907. He was 65 when I went to the Moon. He could hardly believe that his son did it. My youngest son was five when I went to the Moon. He doesn't think it's any big deal. Your own grandfather had doubts, right? Well, my own grandfather, till the day he died in 1984, said, "I don't believe those guys ever landed on the Moon. That was shot in Hollywood somewhere." Despite a handful of skeptics, the vast majority of Americans was enthralled with the achievement. So, there was a program that was bringing the country together. We were all proud of the space program. But there was a program that was splitting the country apart in parallel, and that was the Vietnam War. We seek only to bring to a halt communist aggression against the people of the Republic of South Vietnam. As the Vietnam War dragged on, America began secretly bombing Cambodia-- at the same time as the Moon landings. When the secret bombings became public in the early '70s, people were outraged that the government would lie to its own citizens. There's protests. There's questioning of authority. But how did that figure into this whole movement of people who just don't believe it ever happened? Yeah, I think one of the things that is a persistent issue that emerged from the Vietnam Era was a questioning by the public of what the government does. When they experienced Vietnam and some blatant lies that were told about it, that sends trust of government down. Then the very man who helped Apollo achieve its goals was caught in his own little government conspiracy-- Watergate. I shall resign the presidency effective at noon tomorrow. The erosion of public trust in government was staggering. Government officials, even the president, had lied. And for Bill Kaysing, the government's capacity for deception stretched all the way to the Moon. A guy named Bill Kaysing wrote something, I gather, we never went to the Moon. Who is he, and what is his view on this? Well, Bill Kaysing was an interesting individual who had some tangential knowledge about aerospace activities and in the 1970s published this little pamphlet-- at that time, it was nothing more than a pamphlet-- in which he laid out his reasons for disbelieving a landing on the Moon. And he made-- at least in the nascent form-- the basic arguments that people have taken since that time. Kaysing was a technical writer in the aerospace industry, with no formal engineering training. But what he lacked in engineering skills, he made up for in persuasive writing skills. Amid the rambling text of his pamphlet was a claim that NASA's own photographs from the Moon prove they weren't taken on the Moon. Where are the stars? That's the other question that is always asked, you know? Everybody asks about that. When you see the astronauts on the Moon, you see, obviously, them standing there in this perfectly black background. Well, how come you can't see the stars? "Look at those pictures they've taken on the Moon, there's no stars in the sky. It's a black sky, but there are no stars." Well, duh, the sun's shining, you know? And if the sun's shining, just like on Earth, there's no stars in the sky. Kaysing brought up other questions to back up his claims of a hoax. He questioned issues about radiation and how much radiation the astronauts would receive in a trip to the Moon. He questioned the technology and whether or not technological capabilities existed to be able to do this. All of those were pieces of what he argued about. And all of those have continued down to the present. As these questions occupied a few skeptics, most of America enjoyed the continued success of Apollo. Five more landers touched down. Ten more astronauts walked and drove around the surface. Woo hoo! Johnny, this is so great, you can't believe it. I believe it, charlie. Oh, this is gonna be some kind of different ride. But none of this impressed the doubters. At the time, NASA didn't bother to debunk the conspiracy theories. It was considered a bad idea to give them any more publicity. But the silence only created a vacuum for more questions. And what was playing at the local movie theater back then didn't help either. Well, 2001: A Space Odyssey used what was present at the time in terms of special effects to demonstrate spaceflight in a fairly realistic manner. And so some people have pointed at that to say, "Obviously the ability to fake this existed in Hollywood." Then in 1977 there's a movie called Capricorn One. Yeah, Capricorn One was not a very good science fiction movie that was about the faking of a Mars landing-- had nothing to do with the Moon. But it was viewed by some of the conspiracy advocates as kind of an evidence that they could use. And it sort of followed the same narrative in terms of the government faking this? -Right. In fact, NASA did build pretty elaborate Moon sets right here on Earth. But they were not for filming hoax footage. They were for Apollo astronaut training. To suggest a Moon landing hoax is to suggest a conspiracy unimaginably large. Remember, the government couldn't even cover up a routine burglary at the Watergate. And this would have had to have involved thousands-- Hundreds of thousands of people, if not millions of people, to pull something like that off. I mean, in the mid 1960s, NASA had employed directly about 400,000 people working on Apollo. If you contend that this program was lasting over about a ten-year period, we're talking millions of people that were involved in this at some level in terms of perpetrating a hoax. How can that possibly be the case? 10, 9, 8... But for conspiracy theorists, it's easier to point out anomalies and possibilities than it is to offer explanations. Zero. Launch commence. Liftoff, we have liftoff of Apollo 14... Three minutes past the hour... For example, hoaxers like Bill Kaysing couldn't deny what everyone could plainly see-- a giant rocket lifting off with people in it... and 8 days later, a capsule splashing down, with the same people emerging. When asked where he thought the astronauts actually had been if not on the Moon, he suggested they were just biding their time going around the Earth, again and again, for over a week. Such notions remained on the fringes, getting less and less attention as Americans docked with the Soviets and ended the Space Race... Launched astronauts on a reusable shuttle... Built a space station... And otherwise made spaceflight rather routine. So one might have thought the whole so-called controversy would simply die of natural causes by century's end, laid to rest by reasoning and overwhelming evidence. But as Mark Twain once said, "A lie can travel halfway around the world while the truth is still putting on its shoes." And he said that long before there was anything called the Internet. What impact has the Internet had on this whole movement? Well, it's just made it much more easy to communicate, literally, worldwide with anybody who has a like-minded interest. And the entry level is so low in terms of being able to put up your own web page that anyone can do it. And they can say anything they want. And they do. With no filters, the Internet is a bazaar for conspiracy theories. Just pick a topic. The assassination of JFK. Bigfoot. Area 51. What do you think is in Area 51? Well, of course we put our secret programs there. But that doesn't mean we have decaying alien bodies from Roswell, New Mexico, in the hangar. On the Internet, the line between true and false is yours to draw. So you run a Google search on Apollo moon landings. And you're gonna get the NASA site and scientific sites, and then you're gonna get tons of moon hoax stuff as well. The Internet gave deniers a platform to reinforce one another's views... And of course sell books and videos. But the movement stayed relatively stagnant... Until a nationally broadcast TV show injected new life into the old claims. The Eagle has landed. But did it? Did they really land on the Moon? Was this a fairly--in any way objective documentary? The documentary itself was not objective in the slightest. And it was very much geared toward espousing the conspiracy theory and left one with the impression that we had faked the moon landings. There are those who claim that believing in man's one small step... Requires one giant leap of faith. The program was slick, but it only brought up the same questions that date back to Bill Kaysing's pamphlet in 1974. Kaysing observed that despite the clarity of deep space, the stars were missing from the black lunar sky. Why are there no stars in the pictures? Why does the flag flutter when there's no wind on the Moon? There are clear scientific answers to these questions. But the program wasn't about science. It was about raising questions and making them sound ominous and mysterious. The Fox special in 2001 really did kind of change the dynamic because it raised to a new level the number of people exposed to these ideas. And suddenly there was an explosion of interest in the great moon hoax and NASA, which for 30 years had refused to dignify the deniers with a response, felt compelled to speak out. Briefly. It was basically a one-sentence release that said, "Yes, we did land on the Moon. End of discussion." - That was it, huh? - Initially. But very quickly they realized that they had to make a serious effort to respond to the question. I got emails from high school science teachers that says, "astronauts were my kids' heroes, students' heroes, but now they all think you're a bunch of liars." NASA reluctantly began to debunk the theories, but it never could move as fast as the hoaxers on the net And is this the reason, in your mind, that we still have this 5 or 6% of Americans who really believe, they don't just doubt, they believe it did not happen? I have a friend who's a pollster who says, "I can get 5 or 6% of the public to agree to anything." But when you start breaking it down, it gets to be a little scary. -It does.  And the area that it gets scary in is among youngsters. There was a poll that was done a few years ago in which they broke it down by age. And 18- to 24-year-olds, there was a much larger percentage, in the 20s, who questioned whether or not we landed on the moon. Now, it's not that they said, "we don't believe it." They question it. For the most part, the deniers are all talk, often expressing their views with anger, but at least they're not bothering anybody. And then there's Bart Sibrel. Well, if you really orbited the Moon, why won't you swear on the Bible that you did so? Well, he is a filmmaker, and his particular approach is to make a variety of films about this particular subject saying that we never landed on the Moon, that it was all a big government hoax. Put your left hand on the Bible. Left hand. - Raise your right hand. - Ok. One of his specialties is to accost an astronaut who walked on the Moon and get them to swear on the Bible that they did so. And some have actually done that. We're giving you the opportunity to swear to God that you walked on the Moon. Sibrel either gets an interview with an astronaut or just ambushes him. I'm Bart with ABC Digital. Then he shows the astronaut his quote, unquote "proof," and turns the interview into a series of accusations. They're clearly pretending to be halfway to the moon when they're not halfway to the moon. That is bull[Beep]. Buzz Aldrin has been one of his favorite targets. It was not the first time that this person had sort of troubled me in public with a TV camera. - I know for a fact that you didn't. - Huh? I know for a fact that you did not. You know for a fact that we did not? That's correct. As you'll see in this tape... Ok, well, I'm not interested in satisfying your suppositions when there's all this evidence that we did. Turn the camera off, please. I know for a fact you didn't walk on the Moon. That's fine. It's Ok if you know it. Do you understand? You can have any opinion you want, that's what's wonderful about this country. Sibrel is the poster boy of the modern hoaxer movement, and he's made a cottage industry of denying the moon landings. We have the opportunity to set the record straight, we're asking you to... His videos are filled with unsubstantiated claims, but they sell. Then there's the flag... blowing in the wind. At least twice. On the atmosphereless Moon. We can only guess that most of the missions were staged inside... The increasing traction of these ideas has led to other media moments to remember. The Onion, 2009. The satirical newspaper posted a very funny story that after watching YouTube videos, Neil Armstrong himself had been convinced that the moon landings were a hoax. The headline is, "Conspiracy Theorist Convinces Neil Armstrong Moon Landing Was Faked." - Right. - But this actually got picked up. It got picked up. And it's amazing that that's the case. It got picked up in real newspapers in various parts of the world-- not realizing that this is a satirical piece, and gets reported as real news. In 2009, NASA celebrated the 40th anniversary of the first Moon landing. There was a splash of celebrations and stories in the press. An awful lot of the stories that are written make a reference to the denier theory. They do. Why do you think that is? Well, I actually asked journalists that question when the anniversary took place. They would almost always ask me about this moon hoax. And my standard response is, "why are you asking me about this nonsense?" And as often as not, their response was, "well, I'm looking for a new angle." And this is a new angle. But these new angles are just old theories that refuse to die. Like the one about the hatch on the landing module. So they land, what happened? Well, they land, and then of course the astronauts will suit up. They will then open a big door that you can see where that plex is located up top there. And from there they will then go through that particular door, crawl out onto what they call the porch, and then down the ladder onto the lunar surface. Now, that particular door played a role in an attempt to prove, I guess, that in fact none of this really happened, right? Well, that's correct. We had a moon hoax denier who came in and insisted that he be allowed to measure that door. Because? His believe was that an astronaut in the spacesuit, with the backpack on, would be unable to get through that door, that it was too small for that person to get through. So he insisted that he be allowed to do so, there were some negotiations back and forth. Finally we allow him to do it, he came up, and on the day he was going to do it, he pulled, literally while he was up there, he pulls a ruler out of his back pocket. - What do you mean, a ruler? - A ruler, a 12-inch ruler. - Like you have in school? - Exactly. - This is his scientific measurement? - This is his measurement approach. Didn't even bother to bring a tape measure. Now, what are you thinking when you watch this? I'm thinking, can he be serious? - But he was! - But he was. And so, once he did all this, what did he determine? Well, of course they can get through this thing. The size of the door, and the size of the astronauts with the backpack and the spacesuit. There is no problem, they can do it. Yes, it's tight, but, yes, they can make it. We poked around a little bit ourselves to debunk some of the more persistent myths, like the claim that rocks brought back from the Moon are really from Antarctica. Gary Lofgren will tell you otherwise. Ok, so, first of all, why in the world am I dressed like this? Well, we got to protect the samples. That's our primary purpose here, is to preserve the samples, and we're protecting them from you. Lofgren is a geologist and planetary scientist at Johnson Space Center in Houston. He helped train the Apollo astronauts on how to collect rock samples. Now he oversees the collection as its head curator. Inside the cabinet is a very, very pure form of nitrogen. Why do you need to do that? Well, when the rocks were on the Moon, they were not in contact with oxygen, there's no atmosphere on the Moon, there's no water vapor on the Moon. On the Earth, those kinds of substances would alter these rocks. - So it would oxidize. - It would oxidize. And we can't allow that to happen, otherwise we'd be studying what the Earth does to the rocks and not the Moon rocks. What about the composition itself? Is there anything about a Moon rock that is completely different? Oh, yeah, the trace element chemistry is where the differences lie. And there are some very unique patterns that go back to how the Moon was formed. So they're really very old. There are no rocks on Earth that old. And you can't simulate radioactive age dating. But you know there's a whole group of people who thinks that the whole Moon landing was simulated. The rocks are the best evidence. You talk to any of the hundreds of scientists in the world who have studied these rocks, you won't get a single person who's actually studied the rocks and understands them who says that they're not from the Moon. We also got to the bottom of some of the other hoax theories. First, why does the flag flutter on the Moon? "Oh, wait a minute, I've looked at the photographs, and the flag looks like it was blowing in the breeze of... of Nevada desert or Arizona desert. Or maybe there was a fan in the studio that was blowing the flag like that." First of all, it was on a special pole, hanging from a horizontal rod like a curtain, so the stars and stripes always would be visible. And the surface of the Moon is, well, hard as a rock. The thing you have to remember about the lunar surface is that it's essentially rock with a little bit of dust on the top of it. So how do you get this thing to stand up? And so the astronauts in their bulky suits are twisting it back and forth trying to get it to go into the ground. It was moving back and forth after they had been twisting the staff. It's a pretty simple explanation. Another common question, how could we have made it to the Moon on existing computer power? I bought a little digital camera the other day with a 8-gigabyte memory card. And that little memory card, which fits basically on the end of my finger has 100,000 times the memory of our Apollo computer. We see a real display now... But, indeed, it was a miniscule fraction of what we have available today. That's Ok. I mean, they used it for the things that they could use it for. And then they had hundreds of people with slide rules and calculators who were checking various other things by hand to make this happen as well. So to suggest that computing power was the reason we could not reach the Moon is absurd. Another claim, astronauts couldn't have survived the Van Allen radiation belts. These belts protect the Earth from radiation, but are actually a dangerous source of radiation if you pass through them. The Van Allen radiation belts don't go out as far as the Moon. And clearly when the astronauts pass through those, they are exposed to radiation at levels greater than we ever see here on the Earth, at least in a natural way. So this is an issue. It's an issue, there's no question about that. And the way in which the astronauts dealt with that was basically to accept that risk. There was a little bit of modest shielding, not very much. And they did take some radiation, there's no question. But they didn't take enough over a long enough period of time to be injured in any serious way. Another classic hoax theory, NASA filmed all of the Moon footage on a soundstage on Earth. Then to make it look like space, they simply replayed it in slow motion. Actually, it looks in slow motion because the Moon's gravity is only one sixth of that on Earth. And when we would, say, maybe spring up a little bit, we didn't come down right away the way we get here on Earth. Make sure that you've got your feet underneath you. So it was like slow motion. Moving around on the Moon was just like slow motion. As hoax theories go, from here on things get a bit more absurd. A rock, very likely a papier-mache prop because of the crease here, is categorized with the letter "C". What about the assertion that if you look really closely, you can see some sort of little logo or some kind of insignia or some prop master's mark on a rock. Yeah, there's a single image that has what looks like the letter "C" on one of the rocks in the lower left-hand part of the photograph. And that is simply a result of the reproduction of that. After it got back to Earth, there was a hair or something that got onto that, and when they reproduced the image and handed it out to the media and anybody else who wanted it, it had that thing on it. The original negative and the original photograph does not have that. So this is not from Warner Brothres Property Department. - Right. - Number 33, or whatever. While the original Moon photographs were subject to the various hazards of using real film, modern photography is all digital, including recent photographs of the Moon taken by the Lunar Reconnaissance Orbiter, a modern-day Moon map maker. The orbiter has a very good camera. And they've taken pictures of every Apollo landing site. And you can see the footprints and the flags and the experiments packages and the lunar modules. So, I mean, I don't see how you refute that. Aside from the scientific evidence, there's the political evidence-- the Soviets never questioned our success. They knew the landing was real. The U.S. won the Race to the Moon. Although some of its own citizens never will believe it. If we faked it, why did we fake it nine times? I mean, we said we went to the Moon nine times. If you're gonna fake something, just do it once and stop. And the reality is if they're true die-hard believers, they're not gonna be persuaded by anything. And there's no satisfying the conspiracy theorists. If nothing else, they are persistent. Howdy, Buzz. Remember me? - What's your name? - Bart. Bart Sibrel. Remember Bart Sibrel, the guy who surprises astronauts with a camera? He ambushed Buzz Aldrin one too many times. Do you think you can get to heaven without repenting? This is how one of mankind's greatest achievement veers into the theater of the absurd. You're the one who said you walked on the Moon when you didn't. You're a coward and a liar and a-- It was a pretty good hit. It was a split-second decision that turned out to be relatively good publicity on my behalf, and my contemporaries thought I was their momentary hero. Sibrel tried to use the videotape to convince police to press charges. They refused. Remember the Wright brothers' first flight in 1903? The New York Times initially refused to report it because they thought it had been a hoax. Been to Yellowstone? The first pictures of the geysers were dismissed as fakes... until more and more people saw them firsthand. Seen the Pyramids? Some still think the Egyptians got construction help from extraterrestrials. If some are still debating how the Pyramids were built over 4,000 years ago, how long will people be debating the Moon landings? Will these conspiracy theories ever disappear? The longer we stay away, the easier it will be for people to say, "oh, that's just a story that people tell." The eyewitnesses will be gone. The original astronauts will be gone. And it'll become more mythical with time. The thrill of spaceflight doesn't hold a candle to the thrill of conspiracy theories. But those who lived Apollo are too proud of what they and America did together to let a few naysayers spoil the moment. What a testimonial, what a tribute, what an example of advancement of a species. What a magnificent achievement. We were watched by the media throughout the world. The Soviet Union was tracking us, looking at everything that we were doing. We brought materials back and sliced them up and gave them to the nations of the world. And I would say what more do you need? I think any thinking person will recognize that we went to the Moon and landed there July 20, 1969. And I believe that's where the argument should end. In the end, perhaps this story actually has a little symmetry. Americans are creative and innovative enough to land astronauts on the Moon. But we're also creative and innovative enough to make up fantastic stories about how we didn't land on the Moon. Now, that takes creativity. Thanks for joining us. I'm Susan Spencer for Smithsonian Spotlight. Subs resynced completely & edited by JohnCoffey_09 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 