Bancroft: Season 2, Episode 1 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Bancroft 
 s2e1 - Episode #2.1 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Bancroft (2017–…): Season 2, Episode 1 - Episode #2.1 - full transcript 
 When Joe is dragged into the middle of a double murder case, Bancroft determines to do anything to protect her son and finds herself up against a chilling new antagonist. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Susan? FRANCES HOLLAND: Good evening, everyone, and thank you all for coming tonight. The police officer who is about to speak to you needs no introduction. As Detective Chief Superintendent, she has made waves in this community. Crime figures have fallen with her at the helm. Impressively, she has slashed drug and gang-related offences. Our new multi-force police station opens tomorrow... and who better to head up our new joint police service than Detective Chief Superintendent Elizabeth Bancroft? 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 APPLAUSE Thank you. Don't know about you lot, but I'm just here for the free booze. LAUGHTER Now, I know some of you are worried about the possible ramifications of this merger. Will there be enough police on the street? YELLING Will we be able to respond quickly and effectively to call-outs? Well... this is going to be a challenge. But in partnership with the Chief Constable... ..I will work tirelessly to keep our community safe. APPLAUSE 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Thank you. You're working to keep the community safe. If it wasn't so outrageous, it'd be funny. You're pissed, Cliff. You shouldn't have been up there, you should be in prison. You know the IOPC exonerated me for the death of Kamara. Now, why don't you just let it drop? Athif Kamara? This is about Katherine. You clearly weren't listening to the Chief, were you? This merger... is about productivity. Now, HR have drawn up a list and I am fighting for you, but... You can't make me retire. Well, you're not the policeman you used to be, Cliff. It's time to accept that. Go back to your family. Does Katherine come back at you in your nightmares? SHE CHUCKLES GUNSHOT ELIZABETH: 'She's out of theatre. 'They've put her in a medically-induced coma.' I will bring you down. Poor Katherine. MACHINES BEEPING BEEPING INTENSIFIES Thank you. CAR ENGINE STARTS Joe. SHE EXHALES BIRDS CAWING Who's that? The victims' son. He lives in a cottage on the property. Did he find 'em? He came round with the newspapers this morning. DI Morris? He's inside. Two dead. Michael Connors, property developer, and his wife, Susan. Yeah, I've heard of him. That's his first wife. Second wife is in here. Well, you were right to get me out here. Bad enough Michael Connors being a well-known figure, but with this level of violence... SHE EXHALES ..it's gonna be a high-profile case. Was there anything stolen? Not by the looks of things. Right, well, I'm gonna get back to the station, get ahead of the press. PULSATING, SUSPENSEFUL MUSIC PLAYS WHISPERS: Joe. That's my elder brother, Adam. Who's she? My step-sister, Annabel. Is Annabel local? No. She moved away. She's training to be a doctor. And him? Annabel's boyfriend, Joe. HE BREATHES DEEPLY Did you know Joe was going out with her? No. No. I-I-I knew he'd transferred to another hospital, and that's it. Well, when did you last see him? Er, Katherine Stevenson's funeral. Yeah, I remember he was devastated. Yeah, well, we all were. And you haven't talked to him since? No, I... I mean, I've tried... What did you argue about in the first place? Nothing, nothing serious, just stupid stuff, you know. Listen, you will tell me if he comes here, won't you? George, please. Sorry, I've got to go. What are you doing? I've been told to set up in here. This is my office. Sorry, Guv, orders. Whose? DI Morris should be seconded to the Connors' case. He was first on the scene. Give it to Jake Harper. Well, is he any good? He has an excellent record... a conviction on every case he's been on. And we need someone that doesn't know you, because of... I'm sorry, I've forgotten your son's name. Joe. You have to keep yourself completely separate from this investigation. Yes, no, Frances, absolutely, I'll keep out of it. What've you got there? Drugs data for the two forces. Our stats blow theirs away, of course. Yes, well, we all know how Bancroft's cleaned up this city. It's not just her, I practically run the unit. And I'm still not DI. I would have been if this merger hadn't kicked in. If you deserve the promotion, Bevan, you'll get it. You've been administrating the merger? That's right, yes. It's gonna be really productive. Productive, my ass! It's about cuts and selling off police stations. Well... I'm looking forward to collaborating. The sooner we start information sharing, the better. Sorry, you are? Jake Harper, Guv. Detective Superintendent, homicide. Ah, the lead on the Connors case. Good to meet you. Right, listen up, everyone. Michael Connors was attacked on the ground floor. Susan, upstairs in the bathroom. Looks like the attacker, or attackers, came in through the back. They left out the front. Any CCTV on the property? No. According to, er, Martin, the stepson, Michael and Susan were lax with security. At some point, the attackers keyed the Connors' car. Why bother, unless you've got a grudge against the victims? It feels personal. Michael Connors came from nothing, he made a mint fast, he was known for being ruthless. At work, he ruffled feathers. Family's complicated too. Martin and Adam Mullen are Susan's children, Michael's stepsons. Adam works for Michael's company, Martin does odd jobs around the house and estate. Michael had one daughter from a previous wife, Annabel. Her mother died in an accident. Have all the children been informed? Family liaison's with them now. How often did you all see your parents? HE SNIFFS Most days. There was always something needed doing. I worked with Michael, so, like Martin, pretty much every day. I'm a junior doctor, so I don't get home much, but... SHE EXHALES SHAKILY ..Dad came to take me out, and I talk... EMOTIVE MUSIC PLAYS ..I talked on the phone to him a lot. Is there anyone, that any of you can think of, who... who might have had a grudge against them? ANNABEL SNIFFLES SHE CRIES Joe. I, um... I came to find you. God, you look, um... Um, I mean, you... You just, you look different. Um... So, did you come up here with...? Annabel. Annabel, yes. It's just, um, terrible about her parents. So, how are you? How's the hospital? I don't do that any more. Right, so what? Did you, did you leave? Oh. So, what-what are you doing now? You got another job? OK, um, well, if you need any money, or anywhere to stay... I should probably get back, she's gonna wonder where I am... Joe, Joe, Joe, Joe. Joe, just... Nothing is the same without you. We just need to spend a bit of time with each other. We just... We just need to talk things... Annabel and I are engaged. You hardly know each other! Well, we're getting married. What? Joe? What-what's going on? Hello. I'm... I'm so sorry for your loss. Who are you? I'm Elizabeth Bancroft, I'm Joe's mother. SHE SCOFFS Your mother... SHE CHUCKLES NERVOUSLY You told me she was dead. I regret to say that Michael and Susan Connors were found dead in their home yesterday morning. The family are understandably devastated. A full investigation is underway. A number of our enquiries are at very early stages, with forensic teams remaining at the scene, gathering evidence as part of this investigation. Get it in, move on. '..at ten minutes past eight this morning, 'the police were called to a house...' How can I? After what she did to Katherine. Dad, you have to stop talking about that. There's no proof she murdered Katherine. Forget it. They have requested... Forget Bancroft. 'We are offering full support, and assistance, 'during this difficult time.' CAR BEEPS What happened? Suspected drug OD. It's the third this week. There's a bad batch out there. OK. Is she stable? All right, I'll be at the hospital in ten minutes. Yeah. It's a bit of a mixed bag, Guv. Michael Connor's stepson, Martin, has a history of violence against Michael. He, er, broke a couple of his ribs this Christmas. Oh. Boxing Day in the true sense. HE SCOFFS We're bringing him in this morning, with his siblings, um, keeping it unofficial for the moment. Any forensics? Male footprint at the scene. KNOCKING Sorry to interrupt, Guv. Press have figured out the connection between you, Joe and the Connors. Right, well, they were always going to. Which is why you need to keep completely independent from the investigation. For your own good. Yeah, I'm aware of that. The news are reporting that Joe's engaged to Annabel. Yeah. Yeah, it's true. What? I've only just found out myself. The Guv hasn't seen Joe for a couple of years. Why, if I may ask? You got any kids? No. I'm not married. Well, I brought up Joe on my own, as a single parent, and that makes very strong ties. But there comes a time in a child's life where they have to leave the nest. Joe's just asserting his independence, that's all. Thank you. Guv. What's Joe like? He's a good lad. But he's out of touch with his mum for two years? That's weird. Check if he's got a criminal record. This is Bancroft's son we're talking about. We need to keep an open mind. You can't update Bancroft. It could mess up everything. She needs to stay away. MACHINES BEEPING MOBILE PHONE VIBRATING Yep. 'We've got a problem.' There's a 16-year-old girl in hospital, critical. 'Bad batch of coke suspected.' Another two lads were brought into hospital last night from a rave. OK. Talk to him, find out what's going on. Can't you? No, Andy, I can't! It's day two of the joint force. And believe it or not, I've got other stuff going on. It's the last thing I need right now, so just contain it. Blunt weapon. Michael Connors falls to the floor. Probably on hands and knees. He's trying to get away, crawling along the floor here. But he's hit again, here. He's whipped. What with? Marks would suggest a belt. Blood spatter reaches these surfaces. He then receives several blows to the back of the head. I should be able to confirm these were the cause of death. There was some kind of fight between your father and... ..your stepbrother, Martin? Yeah. He was sticking up for us. For Joe, really. My dad's not great when he's drunk too much. He started getting aggressive with Joe. Martin tried to calm things down. He got between them... ..Dad fell. Right. So, how was your father's relationship with Joe? Good. Well, until Joe got sacked from the hospital. Sacked? Yeah, he couldn't afford his digs, moved into my flat... SHE CHUCKLES My father wasn't keen on that. Sexual assault? I'd say no, but we'll confirm that. One thing, fourth finger on her left hand appears to be freshly broken. THRASHING Could be she broke the finger in the struggle. You all right, Guv? It sounds like the Christmas bust-up between Martin and Michael was just a family argument, no more than that. What about Martin's alibi? He was working at a petrol station the night of the murder. We're checking. There is one other thing, Guv. Annabel said that there was aggro between Joe Bancroft and her dad. Aggro? And I've checked with Adam... Michael was furious about the engagement. Stopped her allowance, tried to split 'em up. Do a background check on him: Cell site analysis, mobile, the lot. Joe's staying at the Thistle And Rose hotel... with Annabel Connors. Great, thanks, Lee. Lee, you can go. So, Cliff, what's it to be? I'm not doing Court Liaison, you know that. A copy's gone to HR. Well, it's the right decision. You might be leaving soon after me. Son involved in a murder case. He's not involved. Semantics, never my strong suit. Data, though... These figures make interesting reading. Drug crime last year dropped dramatically for us, but rose sequentially for the other force. So? Dealers get squeezed out of one area, move somewhere else. Then, when the merger's announced, three months ago, with you at the helm, drug crime for both forces falls. Well, they've moved on again. Very convenient of them... and fortunate for you. I reckon you're controlling the drug flow for this entire area. You're pissing in the wind, Cliff. DOOR OPENS DANCE MUSIC PLAYS INSIDE MUSIC CONTINUES Get me another one. HE SNIFFS I mean it, it's bad enough sharing an office with new coppers, then I'm at the bedside of a teenage girl who's about to drop dead. What? A, you've supplied some bad shit. B, you still haven't given us the names of the dealers you supplied it to. That's not the deal, Daanish. We don't protect you for fun or because we love you. Bancroft's pissed off. Whatever's out there's not mine. But I have heard there's some new stuff on the street. So, who's selling it? KNOCK AT DOOR What are you doing here?! Annabel's gonna come back... Good. I wanna meet her again, properly this time. No. What... Why wouldn't she wanna meet me? Why's she so stressed out about me? Get out! You never used to smoke weed! Yeah, after Katherine died, I didn't wanna think. Er... Look, I'm... I know that you were upset. But after the funeral, you-you just should have come home. You put her in danger. I don't know how you did it, but you did. You were jealous of her because of me. And if she hadn't had met me, then she'd still be alive... This is ridiculous! W-Why? Why do you think like this?! How can I not think like that?! I know that it's true! You haven't said this to anyone, have you? What if I had? It would be problematic. For who? For me! And for whoever else you told. I haven't told anyone. Not even Annabel? No, not even her. Look at you. You're still my boy. HE SIGHS I'll keep your secret... ..because I can't prove what you did, and telling's not gonna bring Katherine back. But I don't wanna see you. Ever. Annabel's all I care about now. Keep away from us. ANNABEL EXHALES DEEPLY JOE: There you are. You OK? I'm here for you, you know I am. Mm. Well, come and join me then. Well, I haven't brought my swimming stuff. WHISPERS: Who cares? SHE CHUCKLES Come on! THEY LAUGH SHE BREATHES DEEPLY THEY MOAN Ah! THEY GROAN SHE EXHALES DEEPLY SHE BREATHES HEAVILY INDISTINCT RADIO CHATTER SUSPENSEFUL MUSIC PLAYS WIND WHISTLING DOLL'S HOUSE DOOR CREAKS EERIE MUSIC PLAYS FLICKERING AND FIZZING DISTANT SIRENS CAR BEEPS HE CHUCKLES Thought you might want a pick-me-up. Ta. So, um... is Martin still the first line of the investigation? Oh, his alibi holds up, um... There's CCTV footage of him working at a petrol station. Hm. Who're they looking into now? I can't tell you, Guv. Harper's a tight arse. Come on, he's not here, is he? Come on, George. If I talk to you, he's gonna chuck me off this case. SHE SCOFFS They considering Annabel? Nothing points to her. I think there's something really off about her. I mean, she treats Joe like shit. All his girlfriends treated him like shit! No, this is different. I mean... It's like a power thing. I mean, she wasn't exactly upset about her parents, was she? I'd say she was devastated. MOBILE PHONE RINGS, HE SIGHS Yeah? Joe Bancroft sent abusive emails to Michael Connors, ranting about how Michael was a control freak. "You can't get rid of me. I'm not going anywhere." A day later, "You can take your money and stick it where it hurts." Money? 'Michael was trying to split them up and pay Joe off.' Joe was furious. This gives Joe a motive. I'm calling a briefing, where are you? Right, I'm on my way in. Well? No! George! Look, I mean it, Guv. There's too much riding on this. MOBILE PHONE RINGS What part of "leave me alone" don't you get? The police are looking into you. What? Well, what about? Well, The Connors' murder, I presume. I-I haven't done anything. What about Annabel, has she? No! No, of course not! Look, if either of you are hiding anything, you have got to tell me. But we're not. I... I've got no idea what you're on about. Listen, I've gotta go, um... it's probably nothing, it's just routine checks. But don't talk to the police, OK? She's doing this to stress you out. You said, she lies to you. What did they ask you about that night? They wanted to know where I was, that's all. You're being paranoid. Did they ask about me? Yeah, and I said you were in the flat, with me. No, you weren't there. SHE SCOFFS Of course I was there. No, I woke up... You were off your face! No, I remember I got out of bed, I looked for you. Where were you? I was in the flat! No, Annabel! This is your mother... ..she's turning you against me. For some reason, they think they've got something on us. So, we have to be really careful, and we have to be really honest with each other. All right! I... SHE SIGHS I-I was gonna tell you, but... SHE SIGHS Well, you were passed out... I was so pissed off about Daddy trying to break us up, I... I drove to the house. Your dad's house? Yeah. And did you see anything? No, the door was open... Daddy was on the floor, but... They were already dead, it was awful. Blood everywhere. HE GROANS No, Susan was upstairs, in the bath. Oh, why didn't you phone the police?! I-I know, I should have, I just... SHE BREATHES DEEPLY I panicked! It was like my-my mother all over again. The blood, everyone blaming me, the police and their questions. OK, you're gonna have to explain this to them. I-I just need to get my head straight, Joe. There's too much going on, I can't think. When you saw your dad, why did you go upstairs to find Susan? I don't know, OK?! I don't know what I was doing! Annabel... No, I just need to get out of here. You don't have to come. I get it. You want to stay... No, no. I don't want to stay here. I want to be with you... I don't know any more! Did we rush everything? No! You know, the engagement? No! No! No! Maybe you're not ready for this, and... now with my parents dying, everything's changed. No, nothing's changed. SHE EXHALES Nothing's changed. It's just... BAG DROPS TO FLOOR It's just a couple of days. That's all. Then... ..I'll talk to the police. I... I promise. I promise. SHE EXHALES I heard you come here every day. I'm not six feet under. You can come and see me. But no... you're back from Pakistan... ..we don't even get a visit, do we? What I do get, though, is trouble on the streets. Bad drugs being sold out of Highwater, by old mates of Athif. And I'm thinking to myself... ..are you muscling in on my business, Mum? How did you make it your business? Athif was a leader. I've got brains, right? I use... I know you told the police where Athif was. Keep your fantasies to yourself, will you? You chose Elizabeth Bancroft over your own brother. You'll regret that, and so will she. MOBILE PHONE VIBRATES Yeah? It's my mum supplying the drugs. Are you sure? 'Yeah.' She's out for revenge. She knows we worked together to get Athif. 'Watch yourself.' Do you understand? 'OK.' DISTANT SIRENS Hello, hi. WOMAN: Hiya. Ta, thanks. Thank you. MOTORBIKE REVS SHE SCREAMS Oi! Oi! CAR HORN BLARES, MOTORBIKE REVS Hell! Go on, get on. Don't touch that, mate, it's evidence. Yeah, Detective Chief Superintendent Bancroft. Urgent assistance required, Archer Road. Suspected acid attack. PHONE DIAL TONE 'Hello, this is Elizabeth Bancroft. 'I'm currently unavailable to take your call at the moment. 'But if you leave your name and number, 'I'll endeavour to get back to you.' BEEP Hi, it's me. I was hoping that I'd catch you, but, um... Just so you know, we'll be back in a couple of days. We're fine. That nobody needs to worry. Bye, Mum. "We're leaving town for a couple of days. "Annabel needs some space, Joe." You tip them off? You've been pumping George for information, you were at the hotel last night. Well, what's wrong with them leaving town anyway? Unless they're suspects? If you interfere again, I'll take it to the Chief Constable. My son is not a murderer. You're his mother, you're not objective. You're wrong. I know a killer when I see one. If you're going up a blind alley towards Joe, well, you need to know something... ..I'll do anything to protect him. BIRDS TWEETING SHE SIGHS HE SIGHS Mm, that's pretty. Mm. Oh, just some bit of old rubbish. Hm. Had it for years. Look, I know that it's difficult to think about... ..but that night, at the house... ..why didn't you get out when you found your dad? Why did you go upstairs? Oh... I think I... Well, I heard something, Susan, she called out. Yeah, but... you said she was drowned when you found her? Well, maybe the attacker was still up there and that's what I heard? You didn't see anyone? You have to get your facts straight before you talk to the police, you know that? Of course I do. The moped was stolen. It was seen fleeing the Highwater Estate 30 minutes after the acid attack on you. The same driver stabbed a young man there. At Highwater? Mm. Was-Was it a gang thing? Seems like it. And I assume you heard that girl died overnight? What girl? The 16 year old, hospitalised after taking cocaine. I do hope this isn't the beginning of a new drug problem. The stats have been exceptional over the last 12 months. We don't want that changing. I know, of course, I'll, um, I'll find out what's going on. Whatever it is... come down hard on it. This Highwater stabbing? Victim was one of Daanish's men. It was his corner. He reckons Mrs Kamara gave the order. We've had this drugs thing under control for two years, now she comes back and kicks it all off again. And that girl who OD'd has died. She wants a war, she's gonna get one. MUMBLES: Yeah. JOE: 'Hi, it's me... 'I was hoping that I'd catch you, but, um... 'Just so you know, we'll be back in a couple of days and we're fine. 'That nobody needs to worry. 'Bye, Mum.' BEEP I'm the last person he'd call if he had something to hide. Unless he wants you to help cover for him? SHE SCOFFS What about Lucinda Connors' file? Annabel's mum, have you looked into that? Yeah, of course. And? It's not relevant to the present investigation. Well, are you sure? One minute your mother's hanging up a glass lamp, the next, she's cut her neck open and she's bleeding out in front of you. I mean, that just must have been terrifying for Annabel. I don't see your point. Wha... What does that level of trauma do to a child? That's the question I'd wanna ask. You realise if she's implicated, Joe could be too? Well, then he'll have to pay the price, just like anybody else. HE SIGHS Look, this is my force, my patch... I wanna know who did it, just as much as you do. You have no idea where they might have gone? No! No, none, I wish I had. Look, you can monitor my phone, just in case he calls again. Yeah, we will. Thanks. And you're probably right not to be looking into Annabel, just keep her in mind, that's all. We're checking out her flat today, and a few other properties Michael Connors owned. I'm not sure "needing space" adds up. Didn't they know we wanted to keep talking to them? I specifically asked Annabel to get Joe to call us. She said he would. What if she didn't go with him willingly? Joe wrote the note... Ah, come on... this isn't abduction. We can't rule out concerns for Annabel's safety. Still no trace of them? Mobile phones? CCTV? ANPR picked up, er, the car heading west on the A577. From there, there's nothing. Must be taking back roads. Exactly what I'd do if I made my girlfriend run away and didn't wanna be found! Reed, arrange access to Annabel's flat, drive over there. Look around for any pointers to where they might be. Michael Connors had a hunting lodge he rented out. Morris, take a look at it. We throw everything at this. It could be an innocent misstep, or it could be something more. Thank you. Michael Connors has a licence for an AYA twelve-bore shotgun, and it's definitely missing. Would Joe and/or Annabel know where the guns were kept? Yeah. Michael used to take them shooting when they visited. So, we've got Joe, Annabel and a gun all missing. Coincidences like that make me nervous. MOBILE PHONE RINGS Where have you been? I didn't know where you were! I just went down to the sea. Are you OK?! Yeah, I'm fine, Joe. Don't go off like that again, OK? You had me worried. So, it's all right for you to sneak off in the night? Last night. I saw you, at the phone box. You followed me? Who did you call, Joe? My mum. Annabel, listen... Why did you call her? She can help us! I can't believe you'd do that behind my back! You going into that house that night could look bad for you. She's high-ranking, she's gonna know who to talk to, what to do. You're gonna have to talk to the police about it at some point. I-I-I don't have to do anything. Annabel, we can't stay here forever! We said we'd be back in a couple of days. The police might be getting suspicious as it is. I am going through THE most terrible experience... and all you're doing is badgering me, after all I've done for you! Yes. I picked you up when you were a wreck... Yes, and now it's my turn to help you. I need you to talk to me! My mum always lied, and she always held things back from me, don't be like her. But if I tell you everything, I'm scared you'll leave me. I don't care what you've done, I just don't want it coming between us. It's bad, Joe. It's really bad. Nothing can shock me, believe me. Bancroft wants a big response. This is what we're gonna do. We turn over a load of drug-related names. Put the message out that WE are in control. We put your mum in the mix, bang her up out of the way. That won't be enough. She's dangerous. Bancroft doesn't get it. Bancroft just had acid lobbed at her, by the same guy who stabbed your lad. She gets it! She's pissed off and wants her turf back. BUZZER RINGING I don't believe this. That's Anil, he used to work for me. Remember Anil? Yeah. Hard to forget. You will hand over your entire business to me. No. Then I will tell everyone you're a police grass. You wouldn't. You wouldn't wanna lose two sons. You're not my son. DOOR CLOSES Is that Naila Kamara? Thought that family were a thing of the past. She's just come back to the UK. Think she might be involved in these drugs going around? It's possible. Won't hurt to bring her in, cover our bases. Whatever happened to that other son, um... ..Daanish? He still inside? He got out after six months. Went totally clean. Hasn't crossed our radar since. DOOR OPENS AND CLOSES Look, just forget about Walker, he's leaving soon anyway. Easy for you to say! You make sure it's me getting my hands dirty all the time. If this all blows up... ..I won't go down alone. Look, I cannot deal with this right now. I'll talk to you later. Hi. It's DC Reed, isn't it? Yes, Ma'am. I wasn't expecting you. How can I help? Oh, no, no, no, I'm here to help. Harper sent me, see if I could spot anything out of the ordinary, you know, as Joe's mum... So, can we just get into the flat... MAN: Sorry. I had a bit of trouble finding the keys. Hi, DCS Bancroft. Oh, you're Joe's mother. I-I saw you on TV. Listen, I'm so sorry for everything you've been through. I'm-I'm just trying to keep myself busy. Right. SEAGULLS SQUAWKING After my mother died... ..I had terrible nightmares. Dad let me sleep in his bed. He'd stroke my hair... SHE CHUCKLES ..any bare skin he could find. He'd tell me I looked so much like my mother. That's when he'd... ..progress things. How do you mean... Do I really have to explain it all blow-by-blow? No. No, of course not. You never told anyone? Your stepbrothers, or your friends? No. I was scared. Ashamed. He made me feel so dirty... HE EXHALES SHAKILY This is so fucked up. The fact is, he was trying to drive us apart. So typical of Dad... ..so controlling. But being with you gave me the strength to fight him. I wanted to make MY choice for MY life, and my choice was you, Joe. So, I went to tell him. He laughed at me. Started stroking my hair like he used to, and... And I just lost it. OK. When we go to the police, you're gonna have to tell them everything... I can't, I can't. You could plead manslaughter. They'd send me to prison. No, not if you have a good lawyer. Your father abused you, your stepmother knew. You could build a strong case of mitigating circumstances. No, I-I'd lose everything. I'd lose you. No. No. You will never lose me. SHE EXHALES I'll never leave you, do you understand? I trust you. I'll do whatever you think. Go back... talk to the police. But can we just have a bit more time? Just the two of us? Just for a day. HE SNIFFS I best get on. Well, unless you need me to stick around for anything? No. No, no, no, you go. Take care of yourself. DOOR CLOSES If I was living in a place rent-free, I'd look after it better. This isn't Joe. He used to tidy up after me when we lived at home. Have a look around, Ma'am. See anything unusual, let me know. 'I've found something.' Size eight, male trainer. It could be a match for the crime scene footprint. Could be Joe Bancroft's. I'm sorry, but you can't go round there, Ma'am. This place is now a crime scene. I need you out! PULSATING, SUSPENSEFUL MUSIC PLAYS ELIZABETH EXHALES SHARPLY MUSIC STOPS ABRUPTLY THEY BREATHE HEAVILY Mm. HEAVY BREATHING CONTINUES METAL SCRAPING SHE EXHALES THRASHING, SUSAN YELLING MUFFLED GROANS 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 