From Here on OUT: Season 1, Episode 5 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 From Here on OUT 
 s1e5 - The OUT Cover-(Up) - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 From Here on OUT (2014–…): Season 1, Episode 5 - The OUT Cover-(Up) - full transcript 
 Taylor sets up an interview for Jimmy and Sam as Hollywood's unlikely new power couple for cover of OUT magazine. They struggle to sell their relationship to the dubious editor who's done a little research of his own. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Would one of you cousins like to be naked on TV? Action! Missile threw him into the air and burnt off all his clothes Really? Cut! Groundbreaking television thank you so much, okay oop! You have a very very sexy assistant Sure am looking forward to our sex scene later You don't wanna go there Jimmy and I are a real couple and 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 he's the jealous type Quit! Shaking! Your! Dick! At my man! It's uh, it's Matt, right? And the other bar tender is, uh no, no don't tell me, uh, OH! Dane! Shane. Ah! Shane! So Noisy in here I thought he said Dane... he left? Uh, he's around... somewhere Oh... well, I wanted to wait till it died down before I bugged you but, uh I'm a TV producer 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 ahhh... hehe! I know right! I still get giddy when I say it myself sometimes! Heh! Anyway uh, the next episode takes place in uh, Sweden Damn that's good Thanks! Okay, I know its cliche to ask a sexy bar tender in Las Angeles this, but are you by any chance an actor? Ohhhh yeah Hell yeah! Love the enthusiasm, aheh! Uh, would you be interested in being in my show? You're offering me an acting job? Well, if you're available this week An actual role! Oof... here's my card! Oh! Great! I'll call ya! Heh... okay... mmkay here you go.. Oh do they have any organic skim milk? Oh sorry I forgot to ask, I- No, no, no it's okay it's okay. I just didn't wanna drink it out of this stupid purple thermos I told Nana Dotty I don't like purple anymore, I like turquoise... Oh! Oh-ho, here I'm done use my glass well, it... had alcohol in it, I'm not 21 yet. Am I allowed? Go crazy. Noooo way Taylor Don't even think about it Zip it! Brad! Or I'll tell Nana Dotty that you forgot to take me to get my Flu Shot. Thank you. Woo! That's got a kick! Whoo! Everyone's gone! Yeah, we get one afternoon off and we have to spend it here When are we gonna meet the magazine guy? Oh Darren Strickland was here but he left. He said he was bored. And had better things to do. Isn't this his house? His afternoon tea party? If there's one thing that Nana Dotty has taught me, it is that English People are brutally honest. So, what's Strickland doin for us? Well the next issue of Out is the same day that our first episode airs, and it is the keystone to my master plan! I pitched you two for the cover the cover! Seriously!? I know! This could be the push that gets us an audience and keeps us on air frickin awesome! Hehehehe He said no Oh. He said just because we had a new show doesn't mean he's gonna put two gay nobodies on the cover But, wait, doesn't Here TV own Out? Can't you make the editor give us the cover? I don't make an editor run a story! I suggest! If he doesn't do it I respect his judgement and then kill his Christmas Bonus Then... why are we here? Well he was gonna have that guy who hosted the Tony's and his husband on the cover You know, the older dude You mean Neil Patrick Harris? Older dude? Ouch. Yeah that's the one. He wanted to change up his image and go all shirtless stud for the photoshoot so he did one of those 90 day workouts Darren said it really buffed up his chest, only problem is he started lactating. Every time he crosses his arms milk squirts out his left nipple It's kinda gross if you think about it. Anyway. I said 'darren they are not nobodies!" "They are the first gay couple to be creator and star of a Television series!" Nice! So we're in! Well Darren wants to do a little checking in to your background first. Oh... You mean like, investigate? Does he know I just came out a couple of weeks ago? Well, I told him But he thought maybe you two were faking being boyfriends for publicity or something! Oh ahhahaha hahahah! Hahaha! Hahaha That is ridiculous! Yeah, completely nuts! Haha yeah, right? hahaha. Anyway. Darren's gonna interview you two at the office tomorrow and get the real story, so, maybe we've got the cover! Oh!!!!! I'm an actor too That's for english speaking subscribers for illegal aliens and terrorists theres a 6 month background check did you just call me a terrorist?! English, please! Oh! You the one with funny accent, OLD WOMAN! You talk like Madonna! You'll have to hold There's a call coming in that I care about. I am a star of a Here TV television show Good Morning Nana Dotty Awe, there you are, my little Taylor Nana Dotty must have been powdering her nose this morning when you came in You know Nana Dotty is cranky wanky until she gets her morning kiss from her baby little man! Aheh! Sorry! I'm helping set up for the interview, I'll be there in a minute! mmkay. Aheh. Okay, watch the wall alright.. Okay This is the coffee table you wanted? Mmhmm! He didn't charge ten dollars, he paid me ten dollars to haul it away! Here's your money back hehe. Now this joint is REALLY going to feel like home. If you're Betsey Ross Oh, Randell, are you affiliated with a drug mule named Devina Sunghe Devina, yeah! Why? Yeah. She's trying to order Here TV Hello? Hello! Uh, yes uh, I'm sorry but your name isn't on the account of the address you're giving me Do you want me to talk to her? Did I ask you to do my job? No, I'm afraid my hands are tied my I suggest you try self-deportation? Dotty! Devina is letting us shoot the show at her employer's home so lets be a little more tactful. You are bugging me Randell! No, not that way! The other way! Put it the other way! The other way!!! Fine, don't stroke out over it! Hello! Oh, oh We're going into a tunnel! I'm losing you! Really? You got a problem? Enjoy your coffee table I will. Oh! You guys are here Hi Nana Dotty can I have a treat? Yes of course you can, hunnybun! Hehe! Mmm! Brad! Where have you been? Oh. Nana Dotty spilled extra hot coffee on me hehe... Accidentally. Hehehehe Ooh, I've been waiting all morning to see this sweet face! Now we're all handsome again oh! MMMwwah! Mmm! Now Nana Dotty is not cranky wanky anymore Thank god. Sam should do this shirtless, no? This is journalism, Taylor, not pay-per-view we shant toss away our sense of decorum chasing ratings. Without a british accent that would sound so stupid. Alright we'll compromise, unbutton it! Okay, then. Here we go! Cheers! I'm Darren Strickland, editor of Out magazine, and today I'm in bed with Jimmy Randell and Sam Decker creator and star of Here TV's SEXY new program Guy Dubai: International Gay Spy. But what's more intriguing is that these two mismatched socks claim to be a real-life couple! Hahaha! Other than sex what's the most romantic thing you two like to do together? Uh... Well we're just jumping in the deep end aren't we? eehhaha uhhh... Sex is definitely terrific, that's for sure. Hunny, What do you think? Um.. Well, sweetie uh, Right now I have a lot of writing to do, while you uh... Play Tennis eh, puh, that doesn't sound very romantic We make it romantic heh he sits beside me on the tennis court writing while I run around naked playing tennis alone? Yep! Balls are flying everywhere hehe Interesting. How did you two meet? I was auditioning for Guy Dubai, that was what? Uh, Three weeks ago, aheh! But it seems seems longer. You know? It was just love at first sight but, heh! I'm sure everyone would rather hear about Guy Dubai than us! Right? Well, he, uh... Ahh! Was it love at first sight for you, too Sam, hm? Oh, yeah! Absolutely Oh, interesting. Lets watch a clip from an interview we did yesterday with your former girlfriend Gina! Oh... okay.. Hello We're looking for a Gina Bennit. Are you her mother? No I'm not her mother! I'm Gina Bennit what is this! When did you first learn that your ex-boyfriend pp Sam Decker was gay? Two, maybe three weeks ago he was straight, now he's gay! Just like that? It can happen believe me. But I guarantee! It's not my fault my ex-husband is gay as a pickle but he still drunk-dials me every year during the Tony Awards begging for sex. Facinating I'm not lying! I mean that man could only get up during a Stephen Sondeim ballad. Ahah! I could run around in my bra and panties, and nothin', but the minute I hum a little somethin' from Sweeney Todd he's humpin me like a camel how nice for you. Uh, did you ever have any suspicions that Sam might be gay? Well I never had to hum any show tunes if that's what you mean Sam's a "Gifted Lover" and he's very willing and able to satisfy his mama two maybe five times a night if you get what I'm saying. Ahehehe. Subtle yes, but I do believe we got it How did you hear Sam came out? Well he was banging me so hard my temporary crown fell out, then he said "This is gonna have to hold you for a while cause I'm goin to the gay side" haha. I'm gonna miss him. Especially part of him. Heheheheheheh Are you sure these few weeks with Jimmy aren't just some curious LGBT field trip? Well... Well you know Sam has been with lots of men uhuh. Sure have. Care to give us any names? Uh mostly actors from student films and equity waver plays, those things are like mini low-budget orgies! Ahahaha You know Sam's not one to orgy and tell, so! Maybe we should just let that lie. Heheheh... ish Interesting. Jimmy I'm anxious for you to look at a clip as well oh wow! This is like this is your life so fun... Well I started collecting victorian-era antique children's bath toys in... Fascinating, really but what do you think about Jimmy Randell dating his NEW star Sam Decker! Uh, this is Its certainly the first time hearing about this..what.. What did you say this actors name was? Sam Decker I'll uh... I'll google him it'd be nice to know what Jimmy's type is. Apparently it's not me. How long have you known Jimmy? Sixteen years! A few have been... What are you? Just forgive me, please! I am in complete shock here, alright? And you'd think he'd have the decency to call so I don't find out about his Showmance from some reporter! I was with Jimmy through all his years as a struggling writer, okay? We would go dutch to taco night at Hamburger Mary's! And if he ever did occasionally buy me a drink, it was always the Well Vodka, never the good stuff and, and then a little bit of success and BAM! I'm run over by the media bus! Next question! Who's Richard!? Just someone I used to date... hehe... you know, uh Richard likes to be dramatic and... I was very busy, and I neglected to, yanno, give him a call WOOPS! My bad... When were you gonna tell me? Uh. can we just take a little potty break? Just a quick little... Eh but but! But! We're oh! Our interview's sucking and you're like "who's Richard!" If my boyfriend has a boyfriend shouldn't I know about it? He's not my boyfriend! You're not my boyfriend! Richard is just someone who on rare occasions preforms the services of a boyfriend. Big Difference. He doesn't mean anything to you? What Is this!? Jeez! And who's Gina!? Huh/ Shouldn't I know about her?! You tell me you've been playing the field and all of a sudden I find out you've been going steady with Betty White!? Don't knock it till you've tried it! And why wasn't she surprised by the news!? I know! You TOLD her! Well I had to tell someone! Well, I didn't! We promised we wouldn't! Oh so you're a better person than me Hey guys oh, so I was chillin with Darren and he was like "I think this is to make the cover we're desperate!" This is totally sick wow so it's really happening just pray any gay celebs don't uh, get arrested or discover the cure for cancer or anything in the next few days can you guys leave I'm pee-shy oh... Brad, turn on the water and start singing oh. You've gotta be kidding me! You're not SINGING Oh-oh Say can you pee? If I turn out the lights Ball? But my junk will show! Thats it! We've got it! Who is my hunny bunny! I am! Uh, Rico can stand in oh but I'm very, very shy we know. Rico are you in here? Uh! Rico! He's dead. Fall knocked off his towel Anybody seen this guy before? He's the dead guy straight guys aint lookin at his junk we're lookin at his fa- none of them have the acting chops to pull off a lie that big you're relationship is like money in the bank 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 