From Here on OUT: Season 1, Episode 6 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 From Here on OUT 
 s1e6 - The Rub Down - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 From Here on OUT (2014–…): Season 1, Episode 6 - The Rub Down - full transcript 
 The OUT magazine cover is lost when megastar Eric Mutos comes out as gay friendly. Dottie pauses her feud with Divina to pull scoop from Rico that he's done more than just clean the star's pool. Now Jimmy has new way to save the show. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 (music) You're offering me an acting job? If you're available this week here's my card! May I suggest you try self-deportation *gasp * doesn't Here TV own Out? Can't you make the editor give us the cover? Darren's gonna interview you two Did you ever have any suspicions that Sam might be gay? Well I never had to hum any show tunes if that's what you mean 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 you'd think he'd have the decency to call so I don't find out about his Showmance from some reporter! He sits beside me on the tennis court writing while I run around naked, playing tennis. Balls are flying everywhere! *birds chirping * hm MAybe we should just go ahead and take the picture? That would NOT be a good idea... Oh. Okay. The Tennis court motif is FANTASTIC Yes, we do this all 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 the time, aheh Sam. I need you to lose the robe! And now lets lose the cover of the racket Naked Tennis was your idea... Sam I need you to hold the racket like you're ready to play! Now, step out from behind Jimmy more... more! But my junk will show! Jimmy please, do cover your boyfriend's junk with your hand so we can have him step out a little more! Ohhh... kay *sigh * That's it! That's it! Brilliant! But less constipated, please! Move move move! Click! Click! Click! Thats it! (music) (Lyrics: From here on out) (there is no more second best) (erase all) (doubt) (I'm better than) (the rest!) (I used to stand aside) (while others) (plowed ahead) (but now I'm) (taking charge) (my wings are gonna) (spred!) (Don't) (Underestimate) (me) (so, Listen here's the deal) (to those who think I'm) (broken: Look out!) (I'm at the wheel!) (from here) (on out) (everybody cheer!) (scream) (and) (shout) (get used to it! I'm here!) I tried not to touch you with my hand, I fake touched you I appreciate that, but it did touch a little Well I think it best we pretend that never happened Well its not cool! What? It wasn't MY fault! Your JUNK moved! It might have shrunk but it didn't move please! It didn't shrink! Your penis moved! I've got eyes! Well my dick doesn't I haven't had sex since this show started if it did move, its because it sensed a nearby presence and assumed it was female okay? Okay. Fine. Toldja it moved Okay! uh as you all know, this episode of Guy Dubai: International Gay Spy takes place in a gay massage parlour in Stockholm where's the flag? Where's the oh! Stockholm, yes is in Sweden, right? Now we do have press visiting today on the set but lets not make a fuss, lets just treat this like any normal day, okay? Devina! Are you ready? Awe! Very, very nice. Yes. Uh, uh okay. And our star Guy Dubai! Are you out of wardrobe and makeup yet? Oh! ahohoh look! Mmmwah! Whos my hunny bunny! I am I brought bagels! Bagels! They like it when I buy bagels! Yeah hehehe uh, uh, Devina have you been practicing your swedish? Ya! I just going to say ya a lot the rest is too hard hola Mr Jimmy! Rico what are you doing here well, one thing let to another and here I am! Whats the things name oh I forgot to ask! *gasp! * Devil come out! Oh Okay uh lets rehearse the scene, like we always do ignore us kay. uh, Rico can stand in for the body on the table oh but I'm very very shy! We know! Uh, Devina! Lets see your massage technique hehehehhehe Never heard of anyone being ticklish on their shoulders before! Ohhhhh... that feels so goooood thats what I did! Hehehehe! Wait... ooooh hahaha hahah ...ooooh oooh hahaha hahahah hahahahah! Okay rehearsals over! Where's the real actor? He's by the pool he said he wanted a tan like me I go get him I'm not an actor, I'm very very shy yes. Thats very clear it'll be better with the real actor (sexy music) hmmm... hmm oooh (heavy breathing mmm oohh mm mmm Rico are you in here? Rico! I'm trying to hurry! But its so funny hehe. What's your name? Matt Oh, do I have any lines? *sigh * I thought Matt say he want a tan like me, hehe, but he said he want a latin like me! Hehehe! so funny! Sometimes my english not so good Very funny. So funny. Funny funny funny. Your english is plenty good funny.. (sexy music) mmm mm Ohh (spy music) *squirt noise * (bee buzzing sound) I'm Ingred Ya! This is my Swedish Gay Massage Parlour you like? Ya? Ya. I like. You give Dolf a nice rub down! And if Dolf is happy at the end Ingred will give you a job! Ya! I'm Dubai. Guy Dubai. Sorry I'm late, but a dirty bomb was hanging over the great white shark tank at Stockholm's Seaworld thousands of blonde spectators were seconds from being blown to smithereens how I disarmed it is extremely confidential a lot of brave penguins gave their lives today I bet you would have given one of these to have seen it but Seaworld charges one of these and one of these for security camera footage speaking of dirty bombs if a spy were to rendezvous with a double agent now would be a good time for the code word Dolf! You feel stiff! I have a very special technique for that! Allow me to flip you! Vat is going on ya? He's dead and naked. The fall knocked off his towel Ya. Happens all the time *scanning, popping sound * Uranium Poisoning ya. Dat happens all the time too! To double agents! *gasp! * and international gay spies! Mahahaha Cut! That's lunch everybody! Okay! Be back in 30 I Ache from holding my tongue I was treated very rude by that old lady at Here Tv you know, how, HEY how are my friends supposed to watch me on my television show when nobody has a channel!? Well, some people must have it! No, no body I know! The one thing we maids got is good cable! Hi Jimmy where have you been? I cut my finger trying to open a yogurt lid because Brad wouldn't help me because you wanted more independence Anyway Nana Dotty pulled some strings and got me in to see my pediatrician its worse than it looks so Dr Nyler gave me the Paul Bunyun ouchie size But you made such a big fuss about the ballerina boo-boo size Hey! Television boy! How I get the Here TV channel so I can watching Guy Dubai International Gay Spy You want to subscribe? Nobody has ever asked me that before no clue. Brad? We have subscribers? Ask Nana Dotty you mean the Devil's mother? NO! Nana Dotty is a sweetheart! Ohohohoh! No! I have to pray to not go to office to scratch her face off *gasp * ooh! Devil come out! Oh no! Wow hey a new subscriber? Cool! The president of the company scores one! Roar! Roar. Come on... come on come on! Where are they rushing off to? OH MY GOD Mega Movie star Eric Muntos just came out as GAY friendly! Oh! No way. Gay FRIENDLY we are so totally screwed ooooh! *rooster crows * By some guy scrubbing me in the shower, my uranium exposure is supposed to wash away? You researched this? It's good enough for Guy Dubai... But isn't that dude already dead? When we shot the massage scene, he was the dead guy! *Sigh * Listen, he's getting paid one flat rate for the entire episode, no matter how many days he works, so, why hire another actor when nobody saw his face? Of couse we saw his face! He was face-up down on the floor! Trust me! No one was looking at his face alright? Come on, I'll show you uh..guys, guys anybody seen this guy before? Hes the dead guy! See! Straight guys ain't lookin at his junk! We're looking at his fac-hahah... Just kidding, I just wheres my boyfriend to slap his hot ass! Aheh, funny that was so funny... close one! Ouch! Listen, if-excuse me um, if I'm gonna die again, can I say something first like "I shouldv'e looked both ways before crossing the street... ah... and then I die because I got hit by a bus Okay, nothing personal but I don't have time to shoot the stuff I wrote. Double don't have time for corpses with improvised sub-plots Jimmy... holy moly wha... Jimmy. Have you seen this? *sigh * what? The man has been in the closet his entire career and has picked now to come out as gay friendly... Eric Mutos is in the closet? Bitch, Please! What page is it? 34 Turn to page 34.. Page 34 Oh! No way! Aheheh Ha! Television's first openly gay couple is an odd match but the score is tied, love: all. Ahahaa! This is sooo gonna get us an audience! Yeah it better! These costumes and stuff don't come cheap! Ooh Score! This one has a pricetag on it I can take it back. Just don't get it all uh... crusty, alright? You'd swear they were faking their relationship but..after visiting the set you're so convinced that none of them have the acting chops to pull off a lie that big... aheheheh... thats funny. I know, right? Your relationship is like money in the bank! Ching, ching! Aheheheh don't have the acting chops, my ass! Aheh heheheh He say the sweetest things! Mmmwah! He won't shut up about my ass! Oh, alright, everybody listen up, everybody! So, tell all of your friends to watch the show tonight, we need good numbers if we want a job next week. We sold the TV to buy insulin for the baby that's alright, I had Brad print out a list of all of our Here TV subscribers in the LA area just, uh pick a name, show up at their house and ask if you can watch Fine. I get dibs on the guy in Cerritos Bruce Falanch! I did him! Know him! He likes to watch but am I gonna get a line? All I've been is naked and dead! Jimmy give him a line if he promises to watch YES! (spy music) (applause and laughter) I was so good! So good! SO Good! That maid was a pile of cat turd Nana! *gasp! * Thats it you crusty old hag! You and me No! Devil come out! It never really works but it make her feel better! Okay this time I let you live. But my acting is not kitty cat poop! Oh! Who wants a tater tot! (everyone wants some) *beep beep * It's the preliminary numbers! There are 200! 200 what? 200 people watched our show! Oh.. Plus us, so 207 usually that'd be great, but with this huge budget, that's right on the fence ahehehehe What's so funny? Mr. Eric with clothes on you've seen Eric Mutos naked?! No... um Mr. Eric is my cousin! Shut up! You had sex with Eric Mutos!? No! Heh! I don't remember! Oopsie! Who wants a tater tot Ohhh yes yes yes yes yes oh here we go mmm mmm filthy show-people hey! I want a delicious tater tot too, please! Tater tots are only for boys who remember who they had sex with. Anyone want another! Oh, yes, because they're so good okay, maybe Mr. Eric and I go to the Gym or something like that hehehe mmm... very very good yes, yes its hard to eat just one, though, isn't it? Mmhmm! So, you saw him naked in the gym ohhoho, heh gym, maybe shower? Eric Mutos, one of the biggest movie stars in the world had sex in the shower in some gym? I don't buy it Come on, Rico! The truth! The shower in his poolhouse! *gasp! * Seriously!!! Every Tuesday I go and clean his pool but it already be clean, so then Mr. Eric say, "I'm the dirty one!" And then, we, you know! Hehehe! Good boy What are you doing? Tweeting Eric Mutos I'm the producer of hashtag Guy Dubai at Here TV congrats on being Gay Friendly your poolboy Rico's our mutual friend! No no no no! Lets think about this first alright? Lets think. Eric Mutos does have nine million followers on twitter he can CRUSH us He can also make us! Lets light candles and pray! Send *Gasp! * Well someone had to do it! Okay, when does Guy Dubai re-run again? Every hour next week, why? *beep beep * *Gasp! * Everyone watch hashtag Guy Dubai on Here TV its my new favorite Gay Friendly show! Yes! Yes! (Applause) Guy Dubai is in full production Baby, as fast as we can make 'em Oh we did it! Yes we did! Okay, lets hear it for Dubai! Guy Dubai Wow! And the man who made it all happen, Jimmy Randell, the best boyfriend ever! Woooooo! Thank you I'll get the booze and you have to give me a pedicure hahaha.. Alright Brad, get the organic skim milk heh! Its gonna get easier, right? I wouldn't count on it oh... hehe! Okay. (music) 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 