Big Love: Season 2, Episode 1 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Big Love 
 s2e1 - Damage Control - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Big Love (2006–2011): Season 2, Episode 1 - Damage Control - full transcript 
 In the Season Two premiere, Bill scrambles in the wake of the family's exposure; Barb retreats into her own world; Roman puts the squeeze on Joey; Sarah has a suitor. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Return the computer keyboard to Costco's, pick up 1 0 pounds of long-grain rice. I can do that. -You have enough to do. -No, I don't. Wait, who's responsible for dinner tomorrow night? You? No, me. It was you, but I can do it. No, bring the rep by at 2. If we have to sign a non-exclusive, so be it. Per-gallon cost has gotta be competitive. The University of Utah hosted the third safety-net meeting... ...between the attorney general's office... 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 ...and representatives of seven polygamist communities in the state. It was an overflow audience of partisans... ...mostly all vocal advocates of polygamy. Okay. I gotta take this call. See you in half an hour. Lee, hey, thanks for getting back. Listen, I need you to pull out all the stops. Find someone in the First Lady's office who's got a contact. Yeah, I heard you, I get it... ...but I have got to find out who did this. We need air filters, silver polish, backdoor mat for your house. -Great. Let me do it. -Margene. Just charge what you need at the store and I'll void the charges tonight. Teenie needs to be registered for school today. I will take her in. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 No, you won't. Barb will. It's been two weeks and she hasn't left the house. All she does are these crosswords. -She doesn't seem ready. -Well, this isn't healthy for her. I don't know, I don't think we can indulge her any longer. Or coddle her and I mean it. Either of you. Okay, the cutting kind of scares me. It does a lot of people. You need to have Band-Aids around. He always does this. Mirrors and mosaics. Mosaics and mirrors. -Good swim? -A little exercise. Big day today, huh? You're taking her in, right? -I planned on it. -Good. Okay, I'll see you later then. The world can go to hell in a hand basket... ...but as long as we stick together, we'll be all right. -Morning, Leslie. -Morning. -Morning. -Morning. Tim. Mr. Henrickson, how are you this morning? Never been better, Wendy. Thank you. The locksmith made the key and I finally got into her desk. Here's photocopies of everything I found. It's like a scrapbook. This proves it. She was targeting me. Well, she was certainly interested in you. Here's her latest e-mails, all her lnternet usage... ...for the last two weeks. Don, I've got no choice. I want her gone. I want a basis to fire her by the end of the week. -Yes, she's a pain in the neck-- -She was there. Yes, she's bigoted against us, but a Judas? -She brings us down, she's out of a job too. -Okay, okay. Do I know for 1 00 percent certainty? No. But I've got 1 0 souls in my charge... ...and if I can't protect them, what kind of man am l? I want you to tap her phone. Tap her phone? I can't tap a phone. Well, figure something out. I want her gone. It's just that it was the end of the term, but we can catch her up. I appreciate it, Julie. I'm so sorry for what happened at Beehive Mother of the Year. -We were rooting for you. -Oh, thank you. Were you planning on getting back on the teaching roster? I hope-- I hope to. Yes. Nobody really knows about Alby. They moved him to a private clinic last week. People said he had kidney failure. Then they said he got a kidney for transplant... ...and then they said he died, so-- You can't get an organ that fast. And we'd know it if he was dead, believe me. Excuse me, is there somewhere you need to be? Either way, Wanda's gonna be questioned at at a good and welfare meeting-- Okay, okay. Don't-- Don't-- Don't worry, don't panic. That's just Roman trying to show he's in control. That there's no serial poisoner on the loose. -How is Wanda? -She's good. Put her in a booby hatch and throw away the key. -That's unnecessary. -Don't start. What are we dealing with? How many times has she done this? Besides dad and Alby? Just once. My boss in Phoenix at the bowling alley fired me and she got after him. But I brought her home... ...and with vitamins and exercise it was better. -I just think she needs help now. -We'll get her help. It's not gonna do her or us any good... ...if she gets hauled in for attempted murder... ...and we're involved in a cover-up as accessories after the fact. His kidneys could still fail. I don't think anybody knows, Mom. And not everybody cares. Honey, wait. When I think of the look on your face there in the governor's mansion... ...I just wanna die. It's okay, Mom. I get called plygie every day at work. What I want to say to you, Sarah, I don't want the choices that I've made... ...the things that have happened to me to ruin your life. Mom, stop it. Do you wanna change schools? Because we can. -No, I don't wanna change. -Well, what about the year after that? College? Where do you wanna go? The U or someplace else? Or out of state even? -I don't know yet. -Let's just talk about it, get it set... -...and we'll make it happen. -Please. No, I'm serious, Sarah. I want you to have choices. Mom, take me off your worry list, okay? I'm almost 1 8. I'm gonna go to school. I'm-- I'm gonna have a life. I'm gonna be okay. I am okay. Stop focusing on me. You need to do what you need to do. What are you doing here? What does it look like I'm doing? Nicki, I said I would do the shopping. No, Margie, I said I would do it. You're not the only one who can do things. -Don't get snippy. -Well, you asked for it. There has gotta be strong center or things will not hold. The way Barbara's going, who knows when she'll be back. So whether you like it or not, this is a role that I have to take on. It's for Barb, it's for Bill, it's for all of us. What? -That's her. -That woman-- Nicki. Nicki, let's just finish our shopping and go home. Let's just finish our shopping and go home. I spoke with the Martins this morning across the street. About dinner plans. Why? I don't like how they've been looking at us. You don't like the look in the Martins' eyes, so you want me to arrange dinner? Look, you're embarrassed. Honey, I understand that, I do. You've been humbled. This is what we need to do to get back. This is how we're gonna find out who did this. If they know everything, what, are we moving again? I just wanna look them square in the face. -Do I have a choice? -Of course. But it would sure please me if you just said, "On it." I don't think I can. You know I'm terrible at these things alone. You're the one who shines. I can't. I wanna tell you that I'm strong... ...and you can lean on me. Sweetie. -lt was Pam and Carl. -What? I think it was Pam and Carl who exposed us. Why are you saying this now? Because I didn't know how to tell you before Pam and I broke up. What do you mean, broke up? So Pam knew that Nicki was a polygamist... ...so I defended Nicki. And I think that made her suspect me... ...and then, I guess, you. And I think it's all my fault. Margie, honey. I'm sure that's-- That's not true. The hunt for polygamist leader Orlean Abbot continues. -It's on again. -Last seen three years ago... ...he remains on the FBI's most wanted list... ...for trafficking underage girls across state lines. A court-ordered trustee has taken over the sect's finances... ...a model other sects have emulated. The other sects in Utah are reportedly nervous about these developments... ...and are putting the normally shy, reclusive polygamists-- Stupid, greedy perverts. They're gonna ruin it for the rest of us. Roman Grant is the one true prophet, our prophet! Everything else is crap and sin! Sin and crap! Richard Chamberlain is crap. Mr. Mooney is crap. And there are no friends or family... ...more precious than Roman Grant. -The prophet-- -Patsy, shut up. The prophet who will redeem us... ...from all evil and wicked poo-poo. Please answer the questions... ...set forth on the questionnaire. I don't know anything more than what I've said already. Alby came by our cabin, asked about Joey. I tried to call Joey, couldn't get him... ...told that to Alby and then he left. The next question. It was in the morning. Next question. I don't recall what Alby was wearing. People have said they came by your cabin in the afternoon... ...and Alby's truck was still parked outside. I don't know anything about that. Lies. We have witnesses. Witnesses who saw my truck outside your cabin for six hours. Witnesses who saw you and Sister Lois Henrickson... ...driving my truck to Miller's Lane. You didn't know that, did you? Now you do. Well, I just have to stand by everything I already said. Your day in the sun is over. You conspired with Lois Henrickson. And who else? Who orchestrated the attempted murder of me? -That was really delicious, Nicki. -Thanks. Margie helped. This is Tikal... ...built during the times of the Book of Mormon. This Lake Atitl?n... ...about the same size as the Sea of Galilee. Likely source of the Waters of Mormon. Say, maybe next summer... ...we should all drive down to the Holy Lands. You can't drive to the Holy Lands. Well, sure you can. Your mother, Barb, and l did it nine years ago, didn't we? Well, it's a long day down to the border... ...then a day and a half straight down. The people, well, they weave their clothes... ...and they eat exotic, tropical foods. That's where your little marimbas came from, right, Barb? They don't want me to teach anymore. -Oh, Barb. -Good riddance to them. -Did they actually say that? -Yeah. Well, in so many words. I-- I can't go back there. She made it very clear. I mean, she was-- She was there, Bill, at the ceremony. -Now everyone knows, everyone. -Everyone doesn't know. For all she knew, you had a family emergency. I could see it in her face. And the neighbors, they know too. Well, then, I guess everybody knows. Mom, our school commander talked to me about college. It's not too soon to think about it. I'm thinking about the Naval Academy for mechanical engineering... ...but I'd need recommendation. Do you think I could get that or do you think you and dad--? Does that make that a problem? We'll sort it out. You know, what if everyone does know? So what? -We'll survive. -The stores, Margie. What? I'm just saying that it could have been anyone. Wendy Hunt, the neighbors. -Your sister. -Yes. -Or your father. -Or anyone. So let's knock them down one by one, starting with Pam and Carl. I set up a dinner tomorrow night. Did he just say he set up dinner with the neighbors? This is what we need to do to make things right. Did he just say this is what we need to do now? -Barb, you're acting nutty. -Well, there's no way I can do it. It's important for us. It's important for you. -What if Pam and Carl did do it? -lt means we have to change our lives. Hello. -You are acting like a child. -Don't test me. Don't test me. You don't need to test me. I see no reason why I should go. This didn't just happen to you, okay? -lt happened to all of us. -I know that. And I am trying to make it better for all of us. The life we've chosen leads to eternity... ...but, yes, there are consequences. We are not in eternity, Bill. We are here in Sandy, Utah. And I don't think I can live this life in Sandy, Utah. Bill, it's Joey. You might be our priesthood holder, but I still have a say... ...on what goes on in this house. We are going to dinner at the Martins and that's final. -Hello. -They have witnesses. One saw mom and Wanda driving Alby's truck. It's our word against theirs. I can't talk now, I gotta go. Now, you see here... ...I've had about all I can take of this rigmarole. -I can't go to jail. -No one is going to jail. If you're managing this crisis, then manage it. You brought this on us. -I brought this on us? -Yes, you pushed Joey onto the UEB. -That's not how it was. -You were all for it. -Now, quit. -You said it's about time. You said, "Oh, how long I've waited." This girl's always been a little off... ...and you know that and you went and stirred the pot. I didn't know that she poisoned people. Somebody decided to keep that from me. Bill. Joey, listen, I'm gonna send you an attorney. We demand they drop the charges or we bring in the county sheriff. With everything going on, it's the last thing he wants... ...to have it pulled from his Juniper Creek police and brought to state. All I'm saying is this: I am not going to go to jail. I have my whole life ahead of-- Some of these Boot Hill men are the victims of aimless slaughter. The rest... ...I killed myself. I'm a lawman, United States Marshal. The law comes hard to the frontier. Hello. It's a chancy job. Makes a man watchful and a little lonely. Yeah. Teenie. Teenie. Hello. It' s Barb, she' s left. What do you mean left? She's at the Embry's. She said she's not coming home. She said she needed some space. From who? -That's not right. -Teenie, let me have the phone. She doesn't wanna talk to you. Barb, just what's going on? I cannot deal with him tonight. Fine, but come back, come to my house. We'll just lock the doors and we won't let him in. I have some self-respect. He can't just dictate to me and tell me what to do. -Yes, he can, Barb. -This is a marriage. Yes, it is. You can't just run out like this. Sorry, l-- I need my cleats. Barb, it's Margene. Now, what's wrong? You can tell me. I just need little time, Margene. But you're gonna come back, right? I mean, you're gonna come back. You can't just walk out on this marriage just because you're mad at Bill. You're throwing Margene and me out with the bathwater. How do you think that makes us feel? Awful, invisible, irrelevant. Good grief, Nicki. Ask her when she's coming home. When are you coming home, Mother Barbara? -Oh, for the love of Mike. -Marge, don't do that. -Sorry. -This is what I have to do. Just leave her alone. Let her-- Let her have the night. If she wants to be mad, let her have her space and let her be mad. Authorities are one step closer to the fugitive. Police received a tip Friday from an unnamed source... ...claiming they saw Abbot at a house in the 5900 block of McKinney Trail. Baxter said Saturday the tip was credible... ...and Cedar City police along with a SWA T team... ... went to the house in search of the polygamist fugitive. However, the efforts yielded nothing. Let's go live now for more on this continued manhunt for the polygamist leader. Pass the OJ, Ben. Is there vanilla? I'll see. Did you find somebody? He's a career counsel in the A.G.'s office. I just wish you'd let this cool down more. Yeah, I know, I know. He's willing to make some calls and swing by. Look, I gotta risk it and it's gotta happen right now. I need to know who did this to my family. Your lifestyle's illegal, you know. What are you saying? I should pack a toothbrush? I wouldn 't be joking about that right now. Classes begin next week. And I can take classes without being fully matriculated in a master's program? Up to 1 0 credits. Empty nest? -Margene? -What are you doing? Shopping. Listen, I think I know how to... ...diffuse this whole thing with you and Bill and the neighbors. I'll just go over there myself and make up and find out what they know. And what exactly would you say? I would apologize for breaking up. And why are you apologizing? -I don't know, because I was wrong. -Wrong about what? You know, I will figure that out. Margie, this goes so much deeper... ...and so much further back than just dinner with the neighbors. I know. But will you be home tonight? No. I don't know if I can be married to Nicki and Bill... ...if I'm not married to you. Gee, Bill. -This could be awkward. -No, let's-- Let's not let it. -We'll patch things up soon. -Yeah. She's making this into something much bigger than it is. Apparently, this kind of thing happens a lot with regular married people. Peg ever... ...you know, gone off and just-- Oh, God, no. No, no, no. But she could. I'm trying to keep it together. I keep asking myself, what would Abraham Lincoln do? I want you to come to my prayer group and share your testimony. Oh, gee, Don, l-- I really appreciate the offer, but... -...now is just not the time. -A man can't go it alone, Bill. There's too many forces against us to go it alone. You need community. You need to get right with our heavenly Father. Thanks, but-- Thanks. -How's papa? -Busy, of course. -He banned music. -Good. -How are you? -Oh, the whole family is abuzz. Everyone's pointing fingers. Brother Albert says his poisoning is a conspiracy... ...involving your husband's brother. That's ridiculous. I suspect a few of my sister wives... ...but then, they suspect me. Imagine me poisoning my own son... ...in order to set up some supposed rivals to have them banished. Mama, my marriage is dangling by a wire. Barb's left us. Oh, surprise, surprise. You have no idea how much it hurts me. Plus, Margene's care has fallen to me. Well, honey. I'm a heartbeat away from becoming first wife... ...and I've had no time to prepare. I just think there's a special place in hell for the person who did this to Barb. Any idea who? A woman in Bill's office. A hatemonger. She attacked my family and hurt the people that I love. I wish I could teach her a lesson. Nicolette. I know, I should be more forgiving. Do I understand what you're asking, honey? Stay strong. I almost forgot. Your father sent this to you. For your protection. Be careful, it's loaded. I've already spent thousands. He just won 't take the medication. -Have you tried putting it in yogurt? -He doesn 't like the yogurt. He keeps eating and drinking... ...but his weight keeps going down. I'm just so afraid his heart's going to collapse. A bladder infection last year and now leukemia. He won 't go outside... ...and he won 't use his litter box. Oh, God. Want me to try again? Wait one second. My clients feel they would be better served if this investigation were run by the state... ...and removed from the Juniper Creek Municipal Police Department. I see, and why is that? The state has more resources to undertake a thorough investigation... ...wherever it may lead. I'll certainly take your words under consideration. Before you drive back, why don't you have a look around? We're awfully proud of our community. Are you devout? I'm a member of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints. Oh, wonderful. I wish we had more time. I love to talk about faith. As you know, we believe in the original word... ...handed down by the prophet, Joseph Smith. Religion can't just change on a whim whenever we want it to. I ask myself, what kind of religion is that? Another time perhaps. Her tone was almost final. I think she's not coming back. It's a lot worse than you think it is. Now, either go over there and get her back... ...or cut her free, clean break. Make me first wife. I think you're being a bit extreme and a little alarmist. I'm sitting around, happy as a clam and...my family collapses around me. -Story of my life, divorce-- -No, not this time. You don't know, Bill. It goes much deeper and much further back than you think. Honey, Nicki, I've been married to Barb 1 8 years... ...you've been married to her for six, I think I know her better than you do. And Margie and I know her in ways that you will never know her-- Margie being devastated by the way. Devastated. A product of monogamous divorce. Hey, dad. Dad. Bill, it's bad, it is. She feels like she's lost her self-respect. Please, we are going to be all right. No, just saying that is not enough. There are four of us in this marriage. You can't compartmentalize a separate thing with one of us. This is my marriage and Margie's too. -Now, you have to do something. -And I am doing something. I make my decisions based on what's best for all of us. Wayne, Wayne, Wayne. Which part of my responsibility do you think I take lightly? What part do you think I don't wrestle with every day? I'm doing what has to be done to make us safe. And what is that? I'm using everything in my power to find out who did this. And that includes going to dinner at the neighbors, Nicki. Look, l-- I gotta go. Bill. I'm getting a lawyer. You can't harass me in any way, shape or form. No one is harassing you. I have rights under several federal and state laws and regulations... ...that protect me from retaliation in the workplace. And I would prefer to speak with you privately... ...because I resent the two of you ganging up on me... ...trying to bully me, two against one. Don. I don't think we need to drag lawyers into this. Well, I do. You're trying to get rid of me because of what happened at the mansion. Which I told you I had nothing to do with, but you won't believe me. -Then why were you there? -I was invited. -You weren't invited. -I was interested. I had every right to be there. And independent of what happened at the governor's mansion... ...you and I both know that I know who and what you are. Now, you listen to me. I would never ask anyone of substance... ...to compromise his or her values by working for me. And regardless of what you think you know... ...I am not asking anything of you. Do you understand what I'm saying? Yes, you're about to say... ...that I might not know what I know I know. I'm saying a reputation is an important thing. It too is something the law protects. A corporate reputation has value. One can even sue another to protect it. And it becomes the burden of the person making allegations to prove-- -I don't deserve to be treated this way. -Costing said person... ...hundreds of thousands of dollars in legal fees. I will fight anyone to protect Home Plus's reputation. -Honey. -Are you back? No, I was coming for some things. So you're spending the night there again? Just another night or two. And if you need anything, let me know. I'm right there and I can run out and get it. So if you really leave... ...do you think dad's gonna go with you? I don't know. Dad's driving me to work... ...so he's gonna be here in five minutes. Okay. Okay. I'll bring you some things. Son, is getting the state involved... ...really something that will protect you in the end? Some things come up for votes on the UEB that are sensitive. That require a unanimous vote. What do you mean? I can help Wanda, protect her. I can make this whole investigation go away. Just give me my votes, that's all. There are rewards for following God's path-- Check this out. --and penalties for deviating from the path. Now, I entrusted Wanda's soul to you. And if you fail to righteously guide her... ...she must be reassigned to another righteous man... ...more up to the task. My son, Albert, maybe. Or perhaps your father, Frank. Perhaps he and Wanda might be more suited to one another. Hi, my name is Laurie. I know this is a group for ex-Mormons... ...and I'm not really a Mormon anymore. I mean, my father and my mother... ...they became... ...fundamentalists. Polygamists. My little sister thinks it's normal and I don't. I just don't. And I'm thinking about leaving... ...this whole thing. It's not like the-- It's not like the compounds you see on TV. We're more like regular L.D.S... ...except for the fact that we have to-- We have to hide from the church, from-- From everybody. And I just really don't have anybody to talk to. I hate it. I just feel like... ...I'm living the most dishonest... ...Iife of anybody in Sandy, Utah. Hey, Laurie. Laurie, wait up. -Where you going? -Home to my 1 82 brothers and sisters. Tonight's the night we get our food-stamp allowance. Hey, hey, hey. I'm-- I'm Scott. Are you okay? No, I hate it in there. I felt like a freak. It's just we've never had a polygamist before is all. Oh, well, seriously, I'll be fine. I-- I just don't want you to leave like this. I should go. My moms don't know I'm here. These guys just don't understand where you're coming from, okay? They don't know how to support you. I wanna find someone who does, so... ...Iook, here's-- Here's my number. Just call me, okay? Okay. Thanks. So, what are you gonna do? I was thinking of school. A master's in social work. That's a long road to hoe on your own. I'd like to be a marriage counselor. Margie, could you get us some more hot water? No. Fine. Barb, what are you doing? You and Bill were sealed in a temple. You can't just walk out. Does forever mean forever or what? Just come back. It could still be the same. If you come back, it won't just be the same. -Why are you taking his side? -This isn't about sides anymore. I didn't marry just Bill. I married you and Bill. And I need that back. Listen to me carefully. He is going to do this with you or without you. Robert Scheele, Bill Henrickson. Appreciate you coming down here to meet us. Lee's an old friend. Do you know who did this? The First Lady's office either doesn't know... ...or is protecting the identity of the person who did. If you knew, could you tell me? Mr. Henrickson, my advice to you would be to let it go. The attorney general has no interest in opening up a can of worms in this case. We've got much bigger fish to fry right now. Yeah, I appreciate that. Look, Bill, I've got polygamy in my family history like half the state... ...but that doesn't mean I approve of your lifestyle. I'm not asking for your approval, just bottom-line me. It's been an embarrassment for everybody. But you've paid your taxes. Just keep your nose clean, keep your hands off underage girls... ...don't commit welfare fraud and we have no beef with you. You can judge me all you like... ...I try to be an honorable man... ...but I just want to live peacefully with my family. Then drop it. I believe in the covenant of family. I believe in the covenant of plural marriage. I believe family's the key to celestial heaven. We've taken up our heavenly Father's challenge... ...to live the principle of plural marriage at a time in these days... ...when it is most difficult. I believe it is my duty... ...to keep my family together on this Earth. And I pray for the guidance to do just that. To hold my family together. She says she can't see you. Barb. Barb, it's me, open up. This has gone on long enough. You can't keep blaming me for what you signed on for. I did it for you. I know you did, but I've stopped blaming myself. Well, good for you. This isn't supposed to be my life. I feel like I'm living someone else's life. Barb, what do you want? Maybe this whole thing has been a mistake. Our family is not a mistake. Nicki, Margene, Wayne, Raymond, Ben and Sarah... ...Teenie, Aaron and Lester are not a mistake. Don't you lecture me on my family. I sacrificed our love for the love I have for this family. Hello. Listen, Bill, I hope you'll forgive the intrusion... ...but I wanted to speak to you and offer my sincere condolences... ...for the trials your family has been going through these past two weeks. Thank you. You and I have had our differences... ...we've spoken harsh words, but on this we stand as one. As family must. -I grew up out in Tooele. -No kidding. Yeah. Wheat, alfalfa. We actually sold to the church warehouses. Now, it's solid. The last 1 0 years, houses, 300, 400K. The whole valley. They're gonna have to widen l-80 that last 20, 25 miles. It's just a big, big choke point. How's Margene? Do you talk to her much? Oh, l-- I think she's fine. The city used to stop at Draper. Now, all the way down to American Fork and Provo. We were bigger than Denver until the wars with the government. I think we could do it again. We have the-- I'm so sorry I'm late. I just let myself in. My meeting ended early. Except I told them you had a headache. Well, there you have it. We had a squabble. Whose house are we going to spend Christmas at this year... ...Bill's folks or mine? -Every year, the same fight. -And I did have a headache. Well, sit, sit. So, mother of the year. What did that feel like, all that attention? Oh, it was-- It was all right. Just a disappointment because of the disqualification. My mother's fleeting past friendship with the governor... ...brought up the appearance of nepotism, so.... We're fine with it. I just have to say it's-- We were so nervous about tonight... ...because we thought you didn't like us. Why would you think at? We thought we were bothering you on the street. We don't have children. Oh, Pam, no. And then there was Nicki, a real polygamist on our street... ...and we felt that you took her side. That's why Margie broke up with us. No, Margie broke up with you because she's pregnant again... ...and she thought that you'd judge her. -Honey, you were really great in there. -I'm never doing it again. Let's go inside. Do you know how hard that is for me? -Come on, there's a car coming. -No. Here. Barb, I've been doing everything I can to make this right. To undo what happened. I don't-- I don't even think we're out of the woods yet. But I need to know if you're with me... ...with this family. And I am sorry. For what? I did push you. I pushed you into this different kind of marriage... ...and I knew you'd do it for me. I took advantage of you. I took advantage of your love. And I'm sorry. I'm not the wife I was for our first 1 2 years. That marriage ended. And I just can't keep pretending to be who we were. What happened made me realize how angry I'd been at you. Something good is going to come from all this, I swear. Are you coming inside? 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 