Rotten: Season 1, Episode 6 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Rotten 
 s1e6 - Cod Is Dead - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Rotten (2018–2019): Season 1, Episode 6 - Cod Is Dead - full transcript 
 As the global fish supply dwindles, the industry faces a crisis on all sides - including crooked moguls, dubious imports and divisive regulations. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Come on, Bud! [serene music] There we go. [motor revs] [steam hisses] [Aaron] All right, yeah. Back her out. Let the bow go. [narrator] In the last 50 years, we have doubled the amount of fish we consume. [man] Globally, billions of people rely on seafood as their primary source of protein. [narrator] But the oceans can't keep up with so much demand. Around the world, fish stocks have plummeted and fisheries are crashing. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 People lost out. There was an industry just completely ravaged. [man] Those in favor, signify by raising their hand. [narrator] In the US, the government stepped in to stave off a crisis, but some say they have only made matters worse. Catch shares is a failure. It's a scam. It fucking ruined the industry. [narrator] And today, 94% of all the fish Americans eat comes from foreign countries, much of it farmed under unknowable conditions. All the fish, you have no idea where it's coming from. [man] Many of it frozen, once, two, three, four times. All kinds of additives. [narrator] Meanwhile, American fishermen are watching their way of life disappear. Guys have nothing. It's been taken away. [narrator] But one seafood mogul who ignored the rules for 30 years has made a fortune: 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Carlos Rafael. And through it all, the fish in the ocean are being turned into a commodity to be traded like a stock or a bond. We're aiding and abetting a massive act of theft and the public gets nothing in return. [tense orchestral music] [ominous music] [tape recording] My name is Carlos Rafael. I own a fleet in New Bedford. I consider myself the biggest player, right now, of this industry. I employ at the moment close to 300 fishermen. I have invested over $50 million into this business. I'm not going down. I'll be the last one falling. You can rest assured. One standing up: me. Any of these green boats are Carlos Rafael's fleet. All the green and white boats here, you see, with the "CR" on the front of them, belong to Carlos Rafael. [interviewer] How would you describe his personality? He's a fisherman. I'll leave it at that. [narrator] New Bedford, Massachusetts is the most valuable fishing port in the United States. Fishing here puts one billion dollars into the economy annually. For more than 30 years, a huge chunk of that wealth has passed through the hands of Carlos Rafael, also known as the Codfather. You won't find a fisherman on the New England docks who doesn't know the Codfather by name, or by reputation. [man] He's a maggot. He's a piece of mosquito shit, as far as I'm concerned. You know, he freaking lied to people, to get where he is. Is he a good human being? I don't know. I'm no fan of his. [narrator] But if Carlos Rafael really is the monster his critics say he is, he was created in part by the global fishing crisis. In fact, he built his empire by exploiting that crisis, and then the very regulations designed to end it. The rise and fall of Carlos Rafael is really the story of a poisoned system. [seagulls squawk in distance] Richie Canastra has been doing business with Carlos Rafael for over 20 years. -[Canastra] Good morning. -[worker] Morning. [narrator] Canastra runs the Whaling City Seafood Display Auction, where most of New Bedford's fish is landed. Morning, Joe. How are you? Canastra is Portuguese, and ironically, canastra is a basket in which the fishermen bring their catch to market. Portuguese immigrants in New Bedford, they really put New Bedford on the map. [speaks Portuguese] [narrator] One of those immigrants was Carlos Rafael. And this boat, the Sasha Lee, is one of the 32 that he owns. She's been dragging her nets for a week straight in southern New England. Now, she's home to unload her haul of monkfish and skate wings, and sell to the highest bidder. [man] The people of New Bedford literally have the ocean running through their veins. We have been identified as a seafood port for well over 100 years. We know that if you throw a rock into New Bedford Harbor, that ripple is felt around the world. [narrator] This fish will work its way around the globe, and into everything from high-end entrees, to frozen fish-sticks, to pet food. The global seafood industry is extremely complex. It's multinational. [Baker] Fish caught here in New England, like dogfish, the belly flaps go to Germany. Other parts of the fish go to Korea for the Korean domestic market. The bluefin tuna that are caught here are flown in airplanes to Japan, if they're sushi-grade, and sold on the Tokyo fish market a day after they're caught in New England. You know, we have salmon from Chile and Norway and Scotland in our markets. -[fisherman] OK, it's there! -Yes. [narrator] The world's fisheries are more interconnected than ever. The price of cod from Iceland, or halibut from Norway, can have a huge impact on profits here in New England. -All set, Joe? -Alright. [narrator] One of the biggest global markets for all that product is the US. In 2015, Americans devoured nearly 5 billion pounds of seafood, spending $96 billion, and making the US the world's second-largest seafood consumer, after China. [interviewer] What do you like about this business? The money! This room, you get scallops that came in this morning. And we have 1,200 pounds... 1,218 pounds of scallops in this one vat. So, they'll go for about $13 a pound. This is $18,000 right here. It's crazy. This whole room, you're looking at half a million dollars. Just in these three rows. [narrator] There's always been a fortune to be made in New England seafood. The ocean crop that built this business were bottom-dwelling species like haddock, flounder, and cod, known in the trade as "groundfish." They're mild, sweet, and plentiful. Perfect for harvesting in huge numbers and selling to the global market. A single boatload of this fish can bring in upwards of $50,000. But today, many fishermen are just barely getting by. When I was a kid, we had a nice place in the West End, a swimming pool, and then when the government came down on it, we pretty much, you know, lost everything. My father started out as a long-liner, catching, like, swordfish. And they fished that out, you know, and then there wasn't anything left so he went scalloping, and then they fished that out, and then the regulations started. It's just been a mess, my whole life. [soft droning music] [narrator] For thousands of years, the world's oceans were a source of legendary abundance. There were simply more fish than humans could ever possibly consume. Until, one day, there weren't. [man] From the period of the late 1960s, early 1970s, we saw the advent of very large foreign fishing fleets. These were fleets which were going to all parts of the world and removing vast quantities of fish from these different ecosystems. [narrator] The fishing grounds off New England were especially attractive to those ships. Well, they say that back in the day, you could look out off of the beach in Point Judith, Rhode Island, and see the skies lit up by the lights of the foreign factory boats. They ended up taking so much herring out of the water off the New England coast that they crashed the herring stock. We saw the collapse of the cod fishery. The striped bass fishery at one point collapsed. [narrator] It was clear to fishermen, and to politicians who wanted their votes, that something had to be done. In 1976, Congress passed the Magnuson Act, and what that said was that only American fishermen are allowed within 200 miles of shore to fish. [Seth Macinko] President Ford signed it into law. It's an overnight sort of revolution. [narrator] To make sure American fishermen could exploit the opportunity, the federal government offered to help out. [Macinko] There was a Fishing Vessel Loan Guarantee Program, the US government was helping provide low-cost loans, and people thought of this as a good thing from the very beginning because they wanted to grow the domestic fleet to go out and capture these newly-claimed fishery resources. [narrator] The fishing life was the American dream. [Steve Welch] I was in school at the time, but I was always getting in trouble, so... once I got a job on a fishing boat, I felt proud, I felt happy. So I ended up fishing for a couple of years, saving money. Then I bought my first boat, and then I improved my business along the way. I'm really thankful for the opportunity to start my own business like that. [narrator] Those small, owner-operated boats became more efficient, and the business more lucrative, but the fish were being drained from the sea. The federal government had protected the fishing business, but not the fish. [Peter Baker] We got to the point where we had about 1,500 cod boats, just in New England. But the fleet grew too big, and the scientists in the late '80s and early '90s started warning that the cod stocks in New England were headed for a crash. [narrator] Cod, that mainstay of New England groundfishing, was disappearing, along with plenty of other species around the world. The global fishing crisis had arrived. In the US, the government stepped in once again, this time, to save US fishermen from themselves. [quiet background chatter] [man] Call the vote. Those in favor, signify by raising their hand. [narrator] Congress put the fate of the fishing industry in the hands of eight regional councils. [man] Motion passes, 17 to zero, to zero. [narrator] The councils set limits on how much of each species fishermen could catch. You had the scientists on one side waving the flag, saying, "There's gonna be a crash. We need to take action now." And you had the fishing industry on the other side, saying, "I got bills to pay. I got mortgages to pay. I need to go make some money now." And in the middle were the managers, trying to decide how they were going to make regulations that staved off the crash, but also allowed as much of the fishing industry to stay in business as they could. [narrator] The arguments have raged for two generations. I do appreciate the comments made by industry, and I've said many times that our requirement is to use best available science. "Best available" is not perfect science, it's best available. And it's an elusive truth. [narrator] The science in this case: counting the numbers of fish in the sea. [Jon Hare] Trying to understand how many of anything there are is difficult. But with fish, you're dealing with something underwater that you can't see directly, and the areas over which we're working are vast. -[interviewer] And they move. -And they move. So we use these scientific sampling designs to estimate the distribution of the populations, and the numbers. But it is a very indirect approach. [narrator] The agency tasked with that job is the National Marine Fisheries Service, a part of the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, or NOAA. For fishermen, how much they can catch depends on the results of NOAA's measurements. Another critical component of assessments are the information about the age and growth of the population. [narrator] As a fish grows, a tiny ear bone, called an otolith, develops distinct layers, like the rings of a tree. From those samples, we can estimate the age of the individual and then look at age patterns in the population over time. And that information is also used in the assessments. [motor whirrs] [narrator] Many fishermen have a different take. They think the government scientists don't know enough about catching fish to get accurate numbers in their counts, and that NOAA is underestimating the number of fish in the ocean. -Let's do one for cod and three for dogs. -[woman] OK. -See, plenty of skates! -[woman] Plenty. It's kind of a unique spot this time of year. You'll have codfish, you'll have seabass, flounders and yellowtails, all mixed together. The big gap between everything, right now, is what we see and what science sees. And it does not line up. It's never close. It's not even within the same ballpark. [Aaron] Our science is, as a fisherman: we want to be able to have a future. There's good reason why people think that there's something... grossly wrong with the assessment. We're buying into this empirical approach because it's all you got, but it's weak. [narrator] More than anything, fishermen wanted their voices heard in the policymaking. Most felt like that wasn't happening. [Steve Welch] I've been going to meetings since 1994. Not one meeting was I ever given anything back. I was always there negotiating not to give something up. We don't have a say anymore. Fishermen don't have a say, that's the problem. A lot of the leaders of the groundfish industry in New England have really been at war with the science for decades. And so you have this mistrust between the scientists and the fishermen. But the cod stocks certainly crashed. I think it would be hard for anybody to credibly try and deny that. [narrator] Meanwhile, more and more foreign fish was flooding into the market, much of it landed by factory ships with little regard for the impact on fish stocks. And thanks to cheap labor and transport, elaborate international supply chains became profitable. [Welch] They're catching fish and freezing it onboard, shipping it to China, thawing it out, processing it, chemically treating it, refreezing it, shipping it back here... [Scott Lang] And it's being used in many products and cooked and overcooked... There's no truth in labeling, when it comes to foreign fish coming into the United States. [narrator] Throughout the 1990s, NOAA did their best to rebuild the Atlantic groundfish stocks by cutting the number of days fishermen could fish, and limiting how much they could bring in on a single trip. But profit margins continued to evaporate. Many smaller operators simply couldn't stay in business. They sold off their boats. [fisherman] The small boat fleet is in serious trouble right now. If there isn't something done quickly we're gonna lose them. Thank you. You started seeing businesses failing and fishermen leaving the fishery. We saw the fleet go from about 1,500 boats to less than 350 boats. So we saw about 80% of the fleet go out of business. [narrator] The larger operators saw their opportunity. Among them was Carlos Rafael: the Codfather. One by one, he bought the fishing permits of the smaller operators as they left the business, until he grew to be the biggest player in the northeast. He opened up a seafood processing plant. He began, in this situation, to develop a vertical integration regarding his particular business. [narrator] He also built up a long rap sheet of convictions, indictments, and fines, for everything from tax evasion to lethal working conditions on his boats. None of it slowed Carlos down. Meanwhile, according to NOAA's numbers, their strategy to save the groundfish wasn't working. So NOAA got behind a new plan: catch shares. The term "catch shares" basically means any system by which an allowable catch, a quota of fish, is established and then divided up amongst individuals or groups of fishermen. [narrator] Under this proposal, the government would place a ceiling on the amount of each species that could be pulled from the sea each year. That would be the "total allowable catch." That total would then be divvied up among all the active fishermen in New England as individual quotas. It sounds logical enough, but catch shares quickly became one of the most controversial pieces of fishing regulation in US history. We had a problem of overfishing in the mid-'90s. I'll admit it. I don't care. Then we jump to catch shares, and shares is going to save the industry. It ruined the industry. [narrator] NOAA didn't come up with the idea for catch shares on their own. It was largely the result of years of advocacy by an influential group: the Environmental Defense Fund. EDF was instrumental in getting DDT banned in 1972, and ever since, they've been one of the most effective environmental groups in the country. [man] Well, our tagline is "Finding the ways that work." So that means a focus on economic incentives, on market-based mechanisms. [narrator] EDF's strategy is to partner with corporations, instead of declaring war on them, and they're known for their pro-business, free-market philosophy. With catch shares, they hoped to upend the fishing industry in order to save it. [Jake Kritzer] What catch shares are trying to do is to provide fishermen with greater security and more flexibility in how they go about running their business. They're also trying to make sure that all participants are accountable for working within the regulations. And if you have those pieces in place, often you'll find that you can have a successful fishery. [narrator] With the kind of catch shares EDF was proposing, each fisherman's share or quota becomes his or her private property. The fisherman can sell it, lease it, or buy more of it from whoever is selling. That's where this becomes more of a market-based approach. That there's a leasing market, that allows quota to move around fishermen as needed, so that it's fully utilized and so that everyone benefits. [narrator] The goal was responsible fishing. But critics say it was really about privatizing a public resource: the fish in the sea. [Seth Macinko] There's different ways you could do catch shares, but EDF is the leading spokesgroup for a fully privatized model. There's this belief that if you convert the fishery to private ownership, the private owners will suddenly be incentivized to become good stewards, they will take care of it, and voilà, we've solved the conservation problem. [narrator] EDF claims that catch shares have worked in many regions. That in Alaska they helped Bering sea crab rebound, and in the Gulf of Mexico, red snapper has seen a comeback. There is no shortage of stories out there of fisheries that were once severely depleted, that had fleets that were struggling economically, that are thriving now. We've seen it happen and I'm confident we'll see it happen here. I don't think I could get up every morning and do what I do, if I believed otherwise. [narrator] But to opponents of the system, privatizing a public resource is simply not the answer. [Seth Macinko] Let's take a look at human history. Have we ever seen a private owner abuse the land? Have we ever seen a private owner abuse the air? We see numerous cases around the globe where people are cheating on the very privatized system which was supposed to turn them all into stewards. So, I think it falls on its face. [narrator] EDF insists that catch shares are not a form of privatization at all. In the United States, you cannot privatize the oceans. Legally, these are public resources. They are co-owned by everyone in this country. So, what we're doing when we implement a catch share system is allocating a privilege to earn a living off of a portion of a public resource, to professional fishermen. I think that's a good thing. I think it's a good thing for the nation, good for the industry. [narrator] This issue of privatizing the fish would lead to a pitched battle between fishermen, environmental groups, and regulators that is still being felt today. Alright. Morning, guys. Morning, Dad. Alright, so tell Delsin and he'll have that put on the truck with the two bales. -Alright. -[man] Alright. Did they tell you about the pallet of chain going down? -Four half-inch barrels. -Yeah. Alright. Thank you. [narrator] Tor Bendiksen is a second-generation fisherman who now runs the family fishing supply business. [Tor] I started fishing at the age of 13 on my father's boat. That was those first years where they went from really no major regulation to actually hard-set regulations. Brand new trawl, ready to go. And then they instituted catch shares, where the intent from EDF, they said, "This is going to protect small boats." And we said, "No, no. It doesn't. Look at Iceland. It devastated the fishing community where, all of a sudden, five or six people in Iceland owned majority of the quota because they bought it all up." [melancholy piano music] This sound from this bird has... a special place in the mind of Icelanders. It's called that the bird is "oo-ing." For me, it's very special to hear this. It's beautiful. [birdsong] [narrator] Arthur Bogason is a lifelong fisherman and perhaps Iceland's most vocal opponent of privatized catch shares. [Arthur Bogason] In the beginning, there were 1,043 small boats in Iceland. Today, we have about 10% of these boats left. About 10%. This part of the small boat sector is out, basically. [narrator] Like New England, Iceland saw their cod stocks plummeting. So the government put in place a form of catch shares for small boats 15 years before the same strategy was even suggested in New England. It happened this way. The government started to cut down the quotas for the cod. This meant that those guys with small quotas couldn't see a way of living out of it. They were simply forced to sell. They had no other way. This is my kingdom here. It's a very small boat, as you can see. [narrator] Small-boat Icelandic fishermen went out of business, one by one. Their quotas were snapped up by larger operations with plenty of cash. It was a classic case of consolidation: the transfer of ownership, and power, into fewer hands. At the same time, according to the economists who helped create catch shares in Iceland, the cod population did rebound, which, to them, means the program worked. [man] My name is Ragnar Arnason. I was involved from the very beginning as an economist, as a specialist in natural resources, and with special knowledge about management of fisheries. It's been a huge success. Fish stocks have expanded. Profitability has gone up greatly, and is increasing all the time. The profitability means that capital has become available for investments. So economic growth has expanded on the basis of this reorganization of the fishing activity. We are in Hafnarfjordur Harbor, which is probably the biggest small boat harbor in the country. [in Icelandic] Good afternoon. How are you? [in Icelandic] Tell me, is there any news of the hand line catch? [in Icelandic] No, but the long-liners made a good catch yesterday. OK. [Arthur] This is all about economics, making as big profits as possible. Now, the profit from the fisheries goes into the pocket of a few, instead of in the old days, when we had a much larger number of ships and companies working on fish. This has consequences beyond description. Why do the economists always leave this out of the equation? If the science of economics is not better than that, that they cannot calculate all the costs, then they shouldn't bother, then they should go do something else. There's some nice cods here. See this? There are downsides to the system, that depend on your perspectives. It's much more a capitalistic industry, almost like a factory. And I think every population has to decide, do they want to have higher income and be more competitive in the global marketplace, or do they want to maintain the old traditions? What if, when we were still at the Stone Age level, that the wheel was going to change everything, and therefore we would be better off without the wheel? [Arthur] It's a system of privatization. And it's foolish of people, trying to talk their way around it. It is privatization, as clear as it gets. At some point, this will go too far and people will start to realize how wrong this is. I was once in New England, even, and there, I gave a speech and I described exactly what was going on. And what I hear is that now, you have the system there. So they now will taste the same as we have been tasting here. [Scott Lang] The consequences of catch shares, you would see coming a mile away. You didn't have to be a genius. We were against catch shares from day one: meaning the industry, meaning the mayors of the port cities... We felt that it was going to lead to consolidation. More and more people would be driven out. [narrator] There are protections that can be made as part of a catch shares system to prevent the kind of consolidation that happened in Iceland. One of the ways is by putting in place an accumulation limit, by saying, "Any individual fisherman or fishing cooperative can only hold so much of the quota." You limit how much any one entity can control in the fishery. [narrator] It was up to the New England Fisheries Council to impose limits on consolidation. Fishermen brought their fight straight to the Capitol. But we need to start caring as much about our fishermen as we do about our fish! The days of managing our fisheries with ideology need to come to an end, once and for all! [narrator] But opponents of catch shares say they were simply outgunned. EDF has deep pockets: millions of dollars in donations from powerful non-profits with corporate ties, like the Walton Family Foundation, of Walmart fame, and the Gordon and Betty Moore Foundation, created by the founder of Intel. They have also had the support of far-right libertarian groups, like the Charles Koch Foundation, who share EDF's free market ideology. And EDF had access to the corridors of power. [Seth Macinko] One of the things that's fairly well-known within the fishery is the relationship between some of the parties involved in pushing for privatized catch shares and NOAA, the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration. [narrator] EDF and its backers were about to have one of their own in command of NOAA, and therefore all federal fisheries. Doctor Jane Lubchenco has accepted my nomination as the Administrator of NOAA. [narrator] Up until her appointment by President Obama as the head of NOAA in 2009, Jane Lubchenco was vice-chair of the board of trustees at EDF. In her government role, Lubchenco was a huge catch shares booster, and pushed for their implementation in New England. She declined to be interviewed for this documentary. [Lang] She had a specific agenda to bring catch shares into New England. And she did everything she needed to, to make sure that happened. [narrator] Catch shares became law in New England in 2010. [Baker] There was a big push to put consolidation limits in place and to cap the amount that people could own, but ultimately, those ideas didn't make it into the final plan. [narrator] For boat owners with a lot of quota or the money to buy it, catch shares worked out. Carlos Rafael was one of them. He snatched up around 25% of all the groundfish quota in New England, as his fleet continued to spread out across the Atlantic. For nearly everyone else, it's been a disaster. [Scott Lang] The effect was as bad, if not worse, than what was predicted. There was absolutely no parachute whatsoever. This was free-fall. [narrator] The effect of catch shares was immediately felt in fishermen's day-to-day work. [Aaron] We're allowed to catch so much for the year, you know, of each species. What we have for the year is what we used to do in a day, sometimes, or a two-day trip. [narrator] And any time Aaron catches more than his share, he has to call in to shore and buy more quota from another fisherman. [Aaron] This would be about our yearly limit of codfish, right here in this box. So anything elsewhere from this box, we're gonna have to buy the quota. But it's just crazy when you look at it, that this is all we're allowed for the year! We could literally catch more fish if we were to go on a charter boat, and charter it for the day. A lot of areas, guys-- they're afraid of catching something they don't have enough quota for, so your mental picture of where you want to fish for the day changes, because there's a possibility you might catch something you don't have enough quota for, nor have the money to purchase the quota. To buy fish to go catch it, to me, is the most backwards thing I've ever heard of. [narrator] The ripple effect of catch shares is felt every day in every restaurant and every supermarket in America. [Scott Lang] All the fish you want, you have no idea where it's coming from. The government thought that if you brought in less fish, there would be more demand. It would hike the price up for fresh seafood. The consumer would desire fresh American seafood and want to pay a premium in order to get that fresh seafood. What they did not take into account was that the market was flooded with foreign seafood, many of it frozen, once, two, three, four times, all kinds of additives. As that fresh cod or that fresh seafood had less and less demand, it began losing its shelf space. [Steve Welch] Nothing better than fresh fish. When you start taking all that fish and consolidating it into the hands of a few people, then you lose that connection, you're going to lose that quality product that I, and people like myself, bring in. [narrator] And it's the cheap stuff from overseas, like tilapia and catfish, that often takes its place, much of it farmed in unsanitary conditions. In fact, foreign seafood is rejected by US inspectors at a higher rate than any other food product, and the number one reason is filth. [Aaron] Now, this thing can be grown anywhere, in a five-gallon bucket. That's what people are eating and what they think good fish is, when we have an ocean full of fish right here in this country, wild caught seafood, an incredible food source. This country fishes under some of the strictest regulations in the world, and we fish sustainably, and we fish and follow these rules. No one cares more about this ocean than we do. [ominous music] [voice over walkie-talkie] Roger. The Tradition standing by 16-17. [narrator] As for the fishermen, they never really escape the pressures of regulation. They can be boarded and inspected by the coast guard without warning. -How you guys doing? -Good. So, IDs for everybody. Is this everybody, right here? Yes. And Nadia's license is expired, but she has her passport. And wasn't there a gentleman that didn't have... Yeah, my nephew. If he could come in, and I'll just get on a piece of paper... [tense music] [man] I want these guys safe. We make sure they have their flares, their life raft, their survival suits, stuff like that. I want them going home to their families. Their fish, that's another story. I still want, you know, the safety of the catch and whatever they're prescribed to have on board, obviously. [narrator] The coast guard checks everything from the species of the fish in the hold... to the size of the holes in Aaron's net, to make sure he's not catching fish that are too small. -Thanks, guys. -Take care. Have a good day. Thank you. -Take care, guys. Thank you. -[inspector] Good luck. [Aaron sighs] [Aaron] Never a dull moment! With the coast guard coming aboard my knees were shaking. You're hoping you've got every "I" dotted and every "T" crossed. Even though I know I had nothing to be worried about, you still get... the jitters, you know. [narrator] Daily anxieties about regulations are one thing, but for fishermen, the threat to their livelihood is even worse. [Tor] This is still the favorite part of my day. I love, actually, coming up in my loft, a lot of times in the afternoon after the busy morning happens... just sewing the net together. When you put each panel together, that type of net and shape that you create... to me, like, it's art. When catch shares came in, all of a sudden, people lost out. There was an industry, just completely ravaged. You went from 150 boats here down to 20-something boats in a matter of three, four years. [Steve] Back in the day, I used to have someone help me do this. [laughs] I can't keep someone employed, you know. It's not worth it anymore. Part-time help, here and there. [narrator] Steve Welch has been a fisherman in Plymouth Harbor and nearby Scituate, for over 30 years. Today, his is the only federally permitted groundfish boat in the entire harbor. [Steve] I've lost 85 to 90% of the value of my business because of catch shares. It's a scam. It's a joke. Catch shares turned a public resource into a commodity. And... it's the nation's fish. It's not my fish. It's not Carlos Rafael's fish. It's the nation's fish, and catch shares gave people ownership of it. [Jake Kritzer] Here in New England, the groundfish fishery is struggling. But I think the fishery would have been much worse off, had we not adopted this management approach. [Steve] EDF, the brainchild of catch shares? They... I don't even know what to say about them. They're living in a fantasy land. They're in a world of make-believe. They sit, have meetings. They have no idea how the real world works. Just look what happened in New England with Carlos Rafael. [Macinko] I think we're seeing examples where the fallacy of the belief that ownership promotes stewardship is being exposed. I mean, if private ownership suddenly made everyone a steward, then why do we have the Carlos Rafael case in New England? [narrator] It turned out that Carlos Rafael was not only cashing in on catch shares, he was cheating the whole time. Starting in 2015, undercover federal agents secretly recorded Rafael laying out his whole scheme: how he simply lied about the fish he caught, falsified his government reports, and smuggled the cash to Portugal through Boston's Logan Airport. [Carlos, on tape] I can get the money through. I have one of the guys in Boston, one of those fucking agents, who's my friend, and give him the money before I go through security. [narrator] He was charged with 23 counts of misreporting his fish, along with cash smuggling and tax evasion. This is quite a storm front. For this time of year, it's very rare. That is mean looking. He's gotten away with a lot. But because he's so big, he's found a few loopholes, and tried to stretch them out. He just got too greedy. In Boston Federal Court today, the man known as the Codfather admitted to more than two dozen criminal charges... [narrator] In March of 2017, the news was picked up by all the major local stations: the Codfather had pleaded guilty. After years of accumulating power, Rafael's empire was collapsing, and suddenly, all that quota was up for grabs. Fishermen in New Bedford were most terrified about what would happen next. [Canastra] If those boats go, if the quota is taken away from Carlos Rafael, it means that the quota could obviously leave the port of New Bedford. [Tor] If Carlos is shut down, it would put a devastation to the port of New Bedford and my shop, considerably. You have the fuel industry, you have the food industry, you've got the electronics guys, you've got the gear guys who build gear. You've got the welders, the shipyards that repair the boats. So it's fucked it up, the whole entire industry. That one person, who happens to be the biggest quota owner under catch shares in New England has fucked it up for everybody. I don't know what's going on now, but I know it's not good. They don't know what to do. [narrator] The crimes of Carlos Rafael have left New Bedford reeling. EDF says it was the lack of sufficient monitoring that allowed him to thrive. But others say Rafael is a symptom of something much bigger. The government put a system together that led to vertical integration and consolidation. [Peter Baker] Was it knowable that consolidation would continue? Yes, it was. The consolidation was predicted and... it is what it is. [Jake Kritzer] Our management council is considering accumulation limits now, and hopefully they will implement that. We didn't do that in New England when the system was first put online, and I think it was a mistake. Oh, they're full of shit. They're full of shit. They're against consolidation? EDF? Yeah, right. Yeah, OK. Now most of the fleet's gone, maybe we're at the "magic number" that EDF wants. They're pushing someone else's agenda and they're going to keep pushing because that's why they get paid. They don't get paid to tell the truth, They don't care about fishermen and fish. EDF get money from giant corporations "trying to make the world a better place." Maybe they feel guilty because they're fucking everything up. [narrator] These days, it's no longer Carlos Rafael that poses the biggest threat in the minds of some small fishermen. It's a far more powerful and faceless adversary. The old thing was, "Let's privatize, and it will just make these individual fishers better stewards." The new thing that has started very recently is, "Let's start bringing in Wall Street." [narrator] EDF and other groups have been actively encouraging financiers to invest in local fisheries. [Seth Macinko] But we know, what happens, especially if there's an investor trying to profit out of the fishery, they own it and they lease the fish or the fishing rights back to the people that actually fish. So, we are slowly transforming to this corporate-owned fishery, and the people we used to call fishermen are put into what I would call a sharecropper situation. I don't see this penciling out and benefiting the fishing poor of the world. But this is the new rage. [narrator] In fact, right here in New Bedford, from 2015 to 2016, a multinational private equity firm spent millions of dollars buying up scalloping permits and boats. Some fishermen fear groundfish will be next. There are still too many of us. They're still surprised guys are still around. So, they've still got to weed out the fleet, you know, so it's consolidated into the hands of a few, and then you're going to see the big money come in, like in Alaska. So, I mean, that's what they want, and it's worse for the consumer, you know. [Canastra] This is the net that industry is using to count the species. These are all flounders. This is a skate. There goes a cod. [narrator] Today, fishermen are starting to work with NOAA to improve how they count the fish, with the hope it'll lead to looser catch limits. But for now, they're still at the mercy of the global market. [Richie Canastra] We stand here in the United States with strict guidelines on how we fish, how we process... It really flaws the system when other countries can fish the way they want or farm-raise the way they want, without us looking at their regulations and bringing them into the US marketplace with uncertainty. [piano music] [seagulls cry] [narrator] And it's that uncertainty that clouds the future of American fishermen, and in turn, our own access to fresh, wild-caught seafood. [Seth Macinko] One of the things that's changing is the traditional pathway to ownership in the fishing industry. You start out on a small boat on the back deck. You become a skipper first, then maybe buy in to part-ownership of that boat, then maybe buy your first boat. You keep moving up the line of boat ownership. Well, now, with the price of quotas, that path has been abruptly severed. [Aaron Williams] The way I learned to fish, which is how my dad learned how to fish from my grandfather, is kind of out the window. We don't know what we're doing 12 months from now, because we don't know what we're gonna be allowed to do or what fish we'll be given to go out and catch. It makes it very hard to make life choices, business choices. To think 20 years down the road... kind of scares me. Are these for me or the dogs? The dogs. The doggies. [Aaron] You know, I'd love for my child to be able to do what I did, and do what my dad did, and do what my grandfather did. You want a couple yellows, Dad? [man] Oh, yeah. Great. That's the boss, who happens to be my dad! We need some more understanding from the people that make these regulations. That would be my hope: that people would start listening to us. I mean, we don't have letters in back of our names, but we are PhDs in our field. [narrator] Today, one-third of American federal fisheries operate under some kind of a catch share system. And while fishermen don't all point to a single alternative, most agree there should be concrete limits on how much quota one person can own. Meanwhile, EDF and other groups are leading the charge to implement privatized catch shares around the world. [Seth Macinko] People should be concerned about this. We could do these programs another way, but what we're doing is aiding and abetting a massive act of theft, and the public gets nothing in return, except they're told, "Oh, but we're sort of saving the fish." And there's clearly so much more going on than saving the fish. There is open discussion about privatizing not just fisheries, but privatizing the oceans. These are alternative visions of the future. The future. That's what's at stake. [tense music] Surf the internet with browser of future osdb.link/brave 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 