Rotten: Season 2, Episode 1 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Rotten 
 s2e1 - The Avocado War - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Rotten (2018–2019): Season 2, Episode 1 - The Avocado War - full transcript 
 The avocado's rise from culinary fad to must-have superfood has made it a lucrative crop - and a magnet for money-hungry cartels. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 [Narrator] It's a 21st century success story like no other. [Noel Stehly] We now live in a global society where we can have avocados 12 months of the year. Having that makes people eat them, makes people like them, makes people love them. [Jim Shanley] It was a fatty and indulgent food. Now, it's literally looked at as a health food, a superfood, a food to be eaten every day. [Narrator] Each year, more than 11 billion pounds of avocados are consumed around the world. The avocado is a financial powerhouse 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 driving a state-of-the-art Mexican industry worth more than two and a half billion dollars a year. [Manuel Lucatero] [in Spanish] I remember we used to sell a kilo of avocados for two or two and a half pesos. And now, we can sell one for as high as 80 pesos. [Narrator] But the profits are both a blessing and a curse to their growers. [Alejandro Hope] There are any number of stories about kidnappings to force the owners to pay the extortion fee. This was no longer a quote-unquote "victimless crime." This was about extracting money from local economies. [Narrator] The avocado is a money maker and a magnet for extortion, murder, and oppression. [Manuel Naranjo] [in Spanish] The whole population was scared to death. And people were afraid, just waiting to see who would be next. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 [Narrator] In Chile, the avocado thrives, but only by drinking up the country's scarce water resources. [in Spanish] We have been attacked. We've had death threats since 2017. And indeed, there's a cartel. There's a water and avocado cartel. [Narrator] It's called "green gold," and that means men will do anything to get their hands on it. [Narrator] This is how the village of Quebrada de Castro gets just about all of its water. Brought in by truck. The villagers use this water for washing, for cooking, for drinking. [in Spanish] Hi, sir. How is it going? [in Spanish] Doing well, thank God. Sign here, please. [man] Okay, Zoilita, Have a good day. When do you come back with water again? Not until next week. Until Monday. I don't know what happened with the emergency delivery you used to get on Thursdays. -Okay, I'll deal with it. -Because the tank is almost empty. Yeah, it's almost empty. Bye, Zoilita. Have a good day. Yeah, you too. [Narrator] But it wasn't always this way. Until 2008, the village water came from a local spring and canal. That water is no longer there. [in Spanish] There's no more water in the rivers or the canals, so everything got dry. We don't even have drinking water. [Narrator] Central Chile is undergoing several years of drought. But it's not the drought that stole the water from Quebrada de Castro. This village is parched because of a worldwide feeding frenzy, the avocado boom. The fruit is so critical to Chile's agriculture that it has taken precedence over the lives of actual Chileans. How did this happen? How did the avocado become so powerful? The trouble started in the world's fifth-largest economy, a far-off place called California. [Stehly] [in Spanish] Do you have the kale for Be Wise? [man] Be Wise kale. [in Spanish] Uh, Black Beauty Zucchini, we need two. All right, that's it. [Narrator] Noel Stehly is a second-generation farmer in Valley Center, California. His farm helped start the avocado's climb from local flavor to international heavyweight. [Stehly] [in English] My father bought here in the early '60s, about '62, and moved his farm here from Anaheim in '64. He was an orange farmer turned chicken farmer. As the housing boom moved into the flatlands of Anaheim, my dad needed to move out, 'cause people don't like chickens, and chickens stink. Avocados are very fickle. They like good whether. They like that 72 degree, humid, right above the beach in Hawaii. When it drops below 30 degrees, avocados, after four hours at that temperature of under 30, are damaged. That's why when you're out here on the farm, you'll look at these mountains and go, "Why don't you plant the flatland? Why do you plant up these hillsides?" The answer to that is that the cold air falls to the valley floor. [Narrator] Around 95%of American avocados are grown in California, which has the right hills and pockets of exactly the right climate. Close to two-thirds of California's avocado acres have been concentrated in just two counties. It is grown under certain favorable circumstances, and an exceptionally fine sector for this has proven to be San Diego County. Here the conditions seem to be just right for the production of this fruit on a large scale. We have here a special brand of avocado known as a Fuerte. These are a very delicious brand of the avocado. [Narrator] Farmers detested the common nickname, alligator pear. Avocado is derived from "ahuacatl," the Aztec word for testicle. But it's still catchier than alligator pear. The business grew slowly but steadily through the 20th century. As the national awareness of healthy foods grew, the Fuerte avocado turned out to be nutrient-rich and full of the sort of ingredients doctors approved of like potassium, fiber, and monounsaturated fats. [Stehly] In the 1970s, avocado production started to grow in Southern California, and there was money to be made. My dad started planting acres, and acres, and acres of avocados. [Narrator] Growers promoted the avocado as a luxury, an exotic West Coast ingredient for the sophisticated home chef... and it worked. [Stehly] We had thousands of trees in a nursery that my brothers, and I, and my sisters pulled weeds in those little pots every day and grafted those trees, and got them ready to go out and be planted on these hillsides as mature trees. It was just what we did. You had seven kids, that was part of your workforce. That was summer vacation for us. We got to go on a family trip in the middle of the summer, but other than that, we worked every day. [Narrator] The 1970s were also the point when the Fuerte avocado was overtaken once and for all by its upstart rival, the Hass. The Hass had appeared back in the late 1920s. A new variant born by a tree in the backyard of California postal carrier, Rudolph Hass. It was creamier than the Fuerte. With its thicker, pebbly skin, it survived the shipping process better. It had a longer growing season, and its smaller size meant consumers finished it faster, before it could spoil. [Stehly] It traveled well. It packed well. It was a good piece of fruit with a decent flavor that people could latch onto, and it could get to them in a size that made sense. [Narrator] The grafts from Rudolph Hass' so-called mother tree turbocharged the industry. [Stehly] The Reed avocado is my favorite, but reality is you can get 28 in a box. A big Hass avocado, you get 48 of those in a same size box. So, for the retailer, having 48 pieces to put out on the table at a buck and a half versus 20 pieces at a buck-90, it just made more sense to have the Hass. [Narrator] But just as the avocado was slipping into the mainstream, a new image problem. [upbeat music plays] [Narrator] In the fat burning, sweat-loving 1980s, the avocado was suspiciously oily and creamy. Fortunately, the industry had just created the California Avocado Commission, which took a percentage of every farmer's income to protect the avocado's public image. And protect it, they did. [Angie Dickinson] This body needs good nutrition, including vitamins A, B-1, C, E, potassium, niacin, iron, and this body gets them all in California avocados. [Stehly] Hmm, that avocado is healthy. It's a healthy fruit. It's a healthy fat. These were studies that were paid for by avocado growers and by the Avocado Commission. [ad narrator] On United Airlines Flight 22 to New York, the passengers aren't getting fat at all on this delicious lunch of filet mignon and avocado salad. [Stehly] The avocado industry grew and grew. So in the '70s and '80s, avocados were taking off everywhere here. Growing on every hillside, everywhere. [Narrator] Between 1970 and 1985, the number of California farm acres planted with avocados nearly quadrupled. The value of the state's crop soared from under $25 million to $162 million. [Stehly] There were a lot of doctors, lawyers, just people that had a job, didn't want to live in the city saw an opportunity to buy a piece of property, and saw the neighbor had avocados, and started talking, and found out, "Well, this is a way I can invest in my property also, and it can pay me a little bit back." Okay. Well, hey, I just wanted to make sure everything got done right. Okay. [Narrator] Jim Shanley was a commodities trader in the livestock feed business until he retired in the early 2000s. [Shanley] This is a property that I bought in 1998 specifically for the purpose of creating a farm to provide a retirement income. I had a very successful business career, and I was doing well enough that I thought, "I ought to get a beach house. You know, this is cool." And then I had sort of an epiphany that it would be a couple million dollars sitting on the beach, but not really anything terribly productive except recreation, and I, furthermore, realized that the water here is colder than I want to get into. So I spend my time looking at the water, not being in it. Uh, so, it didn't need to be beachfront. [Narrator] In 1998, avocado farming looked like a good investment. In just over a year, the value of an acre of avocados surged by 27%. And the orchards of San Diego County, which grows a third of California's crop, were being plowed under to make way for new homes. [Shanley] And so the supply of avocados looked to be constricted going forward, and the demand looked to be growing. That's the type of thing that I look for. [in Spanish] Mario, these painted ones... [Mario] [in Spanish] Yeah? It's good. This one isn't good. It's number three. Okay. No good, no money. [Narrator] This extraordinary growth had all happened under the protection of the US government, which had guarded California against its fiercest competitors... avocados from Mexico. Mexico is the birthplace of the avocado. Growing conditions are perfect, and the Mexican crop had the power to undercut the entire US avocado sector. So, for decades, the US had kept the border closed to any Mexican avocado imports. Now it is my privilege to present to you the President of the United States, Bill Clinton. [Narrator] Until NAFTA. In 1993, the US, Canada, and Mexico signed the North American Free Trade Agreement, opening their borders to a new surge of trade. Thank you very much. Thank you. I'd also like to welcome here the representatives from Mexico and Canada and tell them they are, in fact, welcome here. They are our partners in the future that we are trying to make together. [Shanley] When the NAFTA negotiations were going on, and it was clear that import of avocados from Mexico was going to become much easier, most avocado farmers were, uh, very, very against that development. We were thinking, "We're gonna get buried. They produce 10 times, fifteen times more avocados than we do. We're gonna get buried." [Narrator] The American market opened up gradually to Mexican avocados. By 2007, Mexico could export avocados across the US. And instead of drowning the American industry, the new Mexican tide lifted it up. [Shanley] Avocados were a seasonal fruit because we can't raise them all year in California. The season doesn't extend that long. When Mexico came in, they filled in the rest of the gap, and it was a year-round product. [Narrator] Shoppers were thrilled to suddenly have avocados in the months when they'd once gone without. And in spite of the soaring demand, the monster supply kept prices down over time. So, we consumers were happy to keep buying more. In the US alone, avocado consumption more than doubled in 10 years. [Shanley] Now, we have a year-round market, and the Mexican production dominates it. In this year, we'll have somewhere between 2.2 and 2.5 billion pounds of avocados consumed in the United States. The California production this year is just over 300 million. So we're a small subset of the avocados consumed in the United States. [Narrator] When NAFTA went into effect, only one state in Mexico was able to meet all of the US's sanitary requirements, Michoacán. [in Spanish] Good morning. [Narrator] In return, Michoacán was the first state in Mexico permitted to export avocados to the US. That privilege has transformed the state. About one out of every five jobs here is directly related to the avocado trade. Michoacán produces nearly a third of all the avocados consumed around the world. 1.6 million tons a year. The workers at this cutting-edge plant in the city of Tancítaro process over a million avocados a day. All of them are Hass avocados, which now comprise 80% of the global crop. With more and more of the processing gear fitted specifically for Hass, that domination will not change any time soon. [in Spanish] We're going to go into the production area. Here is where we start the selection process. We use robotic arms to empty the avocados into the sorting machine. We use machines now. This machine is top-of-the-line. Here is where we select the fruit for the US market. This is number one quality. The purpose of these chambers is to make sure the avocados stay at the proper temperature so it can have its proper shelf life. Then from here, we load the truck to its final destination. [Narrator] But the windfall of NAFTA had a bloody cost. The avocado turned out to be so profitable that it became a magnet for the violence and corruption that flourished in the lawless free-for-all of Mexican organized crime. Tancítaro is the heart of Michoacán's avocado industry. It's also an armed camp, a city held together by avocado money and automatic weapons. Levels of violence in Tancítaro are very low compared to the rest of Michoacán. Levels of crime are very low compared to the rest of Michoacán. But there's also the fact that what you have is an irregular armed group running a relatively large and important municipality in Mexico. There are elements of a utopia, there are elements of dystopia in that story. [Narrator] NAFTA opened the door for the Mexican avocado at a unique moment in Mexican crime. The old criminal cartels which had thrived on the drug trade were breaking down. As they splintered and splintered again, the avocado would play a bigger and bigger role in their dreams of easy money. In the 1990s, one of the most powerful gangs in Michoacán was the Gulf Cartel. Gulf was old school. It made its money mostly off of drug trafficking, and it protected that business with cash payoffs to law enforcement and government officials. In Michoacán, agriculture and narco-trafficking flourished side-by-side. [Falco Ernst] There was sort of, like, a live-and-let-live arrangement between drug traffickers and civilian populations, 'cause you wouldn't mess with civilians at the time. It was part of the code, the narco code, at the time. Um, that started changing through the influx, to a large degree, of the Zetas and their organizational culture, which started preying directly on local civilian populations. [Narrator] The Zetas did not start out as a criminal organization. They were Army commandos, elite troops, many of whom were trained by French, Israeli, and US advisers. Until the narco bosses had the bright idea of hiring them away. The Gulf Cartel were the pioneers of recruiting elite soldiers. Working conditions in the military have always been poor. The pay has been poor. You were faced with a lot of risk. And then you have rich narco-traffickers coming up and offering you five times, ten times as much money at times, better working conditions, support, if you get killed, for your family. [Narrator] It was an effective scheme until the late '90s, when the Zetas decided they would rather form their own cartel. They began experimenting with other business models like extortion and kidnapping. [Ernst] As part of the mutation of Mexican organized crime, you as a criminal organization will not only look to produce and export drugs, but you will try to squeeze out as much money as you can from locally available resources. In the case of Michoacán, that became, obviously, from the avocado industry. [Hope] Exporting to the US, that's changed the scale. And suddenly, you have a group of agricultural producers that are selling hundreds of millions of dollars every year. [Narrator] There was new money in Michoacán, and the gangs smelled it. They bribed Mexican agricultural officials to get the names and addresses of the most successful avocado farmers. [in Spanish] Manuel, please do the blessing. [Manuel reads prayer in Spanish] [Narrator] Manuel Lucatero is one of thousands of small avocado producers in Michoacán. His family has been growing avocados for decades. [in Spanish] Now we're going to El Jazmin. That's where we are growing our orchard. My wife and I have nine daughters and one son. We have 11 grandchildren. So we're building this for them. [Narrator] Most avocados in Michoacán are grown on smaller farms, under 25 acres. But even when prices are low, a 25-acre farm can gross more than $100,000 a year. We're about five kilometers from Tancítaro. In this area, we have 700 avocado trees. This orchard is between five and six years old. For some time, we couldn't take care of it because of the security situation in the town. But now we're back at it. We're getting rid of the weeds so we can fertilize. [Narrative] In 1998, Lucatero was working for a large-scale avocado grower. [Lucatero] On a Monday, I started to work with them, and on Friday that same week, I had to go with one of the owners to check his orchards. On the way to Tancítaro, two guys came out with weapons pointing at us. We drove for about half an hour. Finally, we got out of the car and were told to go up a hill. That's when they told me it was a kidnapping. The only thing I could think about during that time was my family, my wife, my daughters. My friend called me and told me Manuel wasn't coming, and I said "Why? Did they go somewhere?" He told me, "No. They've been taken." I said, "What do you mean? Who took them?" He said, "They've been kidnapped." I was very worried, because it was during the time that they were cutting fingers off, ears off, and then asking for money. There was one moment when they put a rifle on my back, and they shot it, but it didn't have a bullet. Then they started laughing, saying, "Don't tell me you're scared." We were in that situation for nine days. Later, when they had agreed on a price, and the ransom was going to be paid, they kept us there until they got the money. [Narrator] With the ransom paid,  the kidnappers abandoned Lucatero in the forest. He walked for hours until he found a bus home. It took me about two years to regain emotional stability. If a car was coming toward me, I would freeze. I didn't know if I should move back or what to do. That was very hard. I wouldn't wish that on anyone. [Narrator] Unable to work, Lucatero sold off some of his own avocado groves, just to have money to live on. In 2006, President Felipe Calderón decided he would take down the cartels. He staged what amounted to a domestic invasion of Michoacán, his home state. Up to 20,000 troops occupied the avocado heartland, arresting or assassinating cartel bosses. It didn't work. The cartels did not die. They fractured into smaller criminal gangs. And with their drug earnings disrupted, groups like Los Zetas looked to extortion for a bigger chunk of their income. They started skimming their local partners. They started killing their local partners, and their local partners ended up rebelling and creating their own organization, La Familia Michoacana. La Familia Michoacana was born as a revolt against Los Zetas, a nationalist revolt. [Ernst] They said they were true Mexicans, whereas the Zetas were just killers. The Familia kicking the Zetas out was seen as liberation in many parts of Michoacán. But that soon turned to another more predatory scheme of squeezing anything you could out of the local population. [Narrator] And there was always more to squeeze. Constant promotion in the US successfully positioned guacamole as a must-have snack for Super Bowl parties. As much as six percent of Mexico's annual avocado exports to the US is now eaten with chips on that single weekend. This is Scott Baio, but most amazing of all are the avocados from Mexico. They're always in season, so you can enjoy them all year long. [Narrator] The Mexican government estimates that by 2009, the gangs were squeezing about $150 million a year out of the avocado business. Michoacán State opened an Office of Kidnappings and Extortion in the state capitol. [Lucatero] Even when it wasn't safe, the exporting never stopped. The only thing was that for every kilo of avocados being exported, a percentage had to be given to the organized crime. You had to pay. That's how we kept working. [Narrator] In 2010, La Familia Michoacana fractured again. The new splinter group called themselves The Knights Templar. [Ernst] The number two of The Knights Templar at the time told me that one of the most important sources of income for him was extortion money from the avocado industry, without using the term "extortion," of course. [Hope] They were no longer just extorting money from avocado growers. They were no longer just getting a piece of the action, but they wanted to control the market. They started setting quotas for growers. They started burning warehouses and trucks to enforce those quotas. This is an era of expanding production. So, they wanted to curtail production so as to prevent prices from collapsing. They were acting like the OPEC of avocados. [Naranjo] The whole population was scared to death. And people were afraid, just waiting to see who would be next, because there were a lot of kidnappings and disappearances. [Narrator] By 2011, avocado exports from Michoacán had soared to almost $800 million. The cartels began kidnapping relatives of successful farmers. I got a call around 1:00 p.m., and they told me they had both my dad and my brother. They let me talk to him, and he told me, "It's true. If you don't pay 10 million pesos, they'll kill us." They told me also, "You are going to abandon this orchard of yours. If you show up there, we will kill you." Unfortunately, what happens in our area, the local police were corrupted. They were Templars. If I had made a report, at that moment they would have grabbed me and killed me. We managed to get three million pesos between committing some fruit from my dad's orchard, and another sum was lent to us. But they wanted the 10 million pesos. So we had to sell an eight hectare orchard so we could pay some of the money. My dad told me that they were blindfolded the whole time, that they were tied with duct tape and with toilet paper in their eyes. When my dad was released, his eyes were taped, and he could barely see. They released my brother 15 days after his capture. But thank God they were released. And to this day, of the money we borrowed, I still owe approximately 1.5 million pesos. [Ernst] The Knights Templar had become so dominant over Michoacán that because of their power, there had been a lot of abuses against civilian populations, including in some areas, some sexual violence. It was all kind of spinning out of control. [Lucatero] Until we got fed up. People got very angry. Some people decided to grab the bull by the horns. [Narrator] It was called the Autodefensas, Self Protection. Both Manuel Lucatero and Manuel Naranjo joined. [Naranjo] The whole town took part in the Autodefensas movement at the time. [Narrator] They erected barricades on the roads in and out of town. Every visitor was searched and interrogated. [Hope] The movement started to grow very quickly. They started quote-unquote "liberating towns" from the Templars' control. [Narrator] Once again, self-proclaimed good guys were protecting the avocado fields from the bad guys. And once again, it was not entirely clear just who was who. The first Autodefensas that actually came into Tancítaro and took the community from the Templars included outright criminal cells. Then you had legitimate Autodefensas, really just poor, civilian population rising up with, you know, cheap arms to confront their oppressors. [Narrator] Today, Tancítaro seems calm. In fact, it looks very much like a typical town working hard to pursue a successful industry. But it isn't really. Tancítaro is a fortress where avocado profits keep outside dangers at bay. Avocado money very much runs Tancítaro. It completely dominates socioeconomic political life now. [all] [in Spanish] Good morning. Same orders as every day. [Ernst] The Autodefensas do have good political connections with Federal Government because of the weight of the avocado industry, but they are embedded in what is really a geo-political clusterfuck, in the sense that you have that dissolution out there. You have a very liquefied, completely fragmented criminal landscape. [Hope] The real power is not the formal government itself. Growers who style themselves as just an agricultural body, but they are the power behind the throne, and they have their self-defense force. They are now the police. They basically control the local government. [Ernst] The Autodefensas, they were officially integrated into the State Police. They were given patrol cars, which rock sort of, like, the emblems of State power and State presence, and they were given official guns and uniforms, all of which was to say, "Okay, this is State rule." Whereas when you look beneath the surface, you see a private and autonomous rule. [producer] [in Spanish] Did you participate in the Autodefensas movement from the beginning? [in Spanish] Yes, that's right. [producer] Tell me how it was. Well, honestly, the same as everyone. I think that all the people who work here were tired of what was going on, and when they decided, we took part, and we're still here. Is that a good or a bad thing? Again, in a place where you have no alternative source for political order, that might be a good thing in the short term, but long term, is it something that we should aim for? Should we aim for more Tancítaros? Not so certain. The fact that the Tancítaro experiment exists is... a testament to failure of Mexican authorities to enforce order through constitutional means. [greeting in Spanish] These are the people from the town. They're guarding, and our job is to support them. Are you guys starting or about to leave? We started at seven in the morning. [man] Is it quiet? Yeah, nothing going on. It's quiet. [Lucatero] If there's an alert or anything, we immediately mobilize to the place, and we try to control the situation. When there's situations where people become enraged and want to attack, we try to control them. We've been very respectful of the law. We don't do anything out of the norm. We adjust to what's legal. [Narrator] Tancítaro is an island of tranquility, but only inside its armed perimeter. Beyond its borders lie 85% of the avocado acres in Michoacán. Michoacán is still so violent that it remains on the US State Department's list of Mexican regions not to visit. [Lucatero] If there is security, and the big producers are doing well, then I, as a small producer, should also do well. That is the idea and the hope. I have full confidence that... that between the authorities and the civilians, we can maintain this for many, many years. [Narrator] After his father's kidnapping, Manuel Lucatero had to plant new orchards. A few flowers are trying to blossom. [Narrator] Avocado trees can take anywhere from five to 13 years to mature. Lucatero won't be able to harvest fruit from these trees for another two years. For now, he makes his living building rainwater collection systems for Michoacán farmers. This excavation that you see here, it's a water collection system. This is the kind of work that I do now. At the bottom is the exit tube. And down there, there's a faucet. So when it's full of water, we can use it like a sink. Lately, we've been needing more and more water. That's why everybody is building these now. [Narrator] It takes at least 18 gallons of water to produce a single avocado. And that's why water is the next front in the avocado wars. Zoila Quiroz lives in Petorca Province in Valparaíso, Chile. This is the top avocado production zone in Chile, but it's suffering from extreme water shortages. [Zoila Quiroz] [in Spanish] I had many trees. I had pear, walnut, apricot, plum, loquat trees. Peaches, lots of peaches, many peaches. We had to bring them on the donkey and peel them here. We would peel them at night, chatting and telling old stories until the wee hours, peeling peaches. The river stopped bringing water, so they dried. [Narrator] Access to water in Chile works differently than anywhere else in the world. Which is why avocados drink the water from this valley while some humans cannot. Like the avocado boom itself, the water rights system in Chile is a US export. In the 1970s, a group of Chilean economists studied at the University of Chicago with free market guru Milton Friedman. These economists brought their ideas back home and set about getting them made into law. Augusto Pinochet was running Chile. Once he gave his blessing, no one objected. In 1981, water was privatized. [Pilar Barria] That economical model implemented the privatization of many of our natural resources with the aim of making it more efficient, however, with very little regulatory and supervisory mechanisms from the State. [Narrator] Anyone could apply for access to water, private citizens or corporations. In reality, wealthy speculators snapped up the best access from the get-go. The avocado is not native to Chile, but the country's geographic isolation has kept Chile's fruit production largely disease-free. That's why US regulators allowed limited imports of Chilean avocados ten years before NAFTA opened the Mexican floodgates. Through the mid '90s, Chile started increasing the production and exportations of avocados to North America, in particular to the United States. And you can see that clearly in a huge increase in the water use rights requested and granted in La Ligua and Petorca, which is the area where we have the largest production of avocados in the country. [Rodrigo Mundaca] [in Spanish] In the 1990s, a small but important group of politicians and businessmen came here. They bought a lot of land on the hills, and they started avocado orchards on the hills. [Narrator] And if the growers wanted more water than they had the rights to, they simply took it. A Chilean government investigation found dozens of secret channels, illegally diverting water from rivers to the big plantations. That water, and the early access to US markets, helped Chilean avocado production skyrocket from 50,000 metric tons to 250,000 in only ten years. Petorca Province has two rivers, the Petorca River, on the other side of the valley, and the Ligua River. The Petorca River was restricted because it was dry in 1997, and the Ligua River was restricted and dry in 2004. The agro-business model has pillaged the land, and it has denied poor people something essential, water. This used to be the bed of the Ligua River. The river has completely dried, and the hills are completely full of avocados. Kids used to come here to swim. This was a place to relax, a place to have fun. [Narrator] Rodrigo Mundaca has received death threats because of his water rights activism. [Mundaca] When we started to fight, it was too late. We started fighting when the rivers went dry. And probably... we should have started to defend the water a lot sooner. [Barria] The impact of the avocado farms has been large, has been dramatic in this area, in particular in Petorca and La Ligua, because this region produced more than 60% of the avocado national production. All the priority, it's given to the production of avocados. [Narrator] But not all avocado production is a priority. Some small-time producers on the valley floors have been shut out. Pedro Maldonado used to have rights to get water to irrigate his small farm from La Ligua River. When the river went dry, he started digging wells. [in Spanish] What you see here is my well. It's 14 meters deep. Twenty days from now, this will be completely dry. There's no more water. Before, we didn't need to have a well. Why would we make one? There was water in the river. When people started planting on the hillsides, people started digging more wells. And the riverbed got completely dry. [Narrator] Maldonado cannot afford to keep digging for his water. This hose used to carry water. Today it's all like this... So ugly, and wilted, and dry. There's no way back. It's sad to see everything dead. [sighs] This tree... I planted it myself with a lot of love. It was my livelihood. This land was my livelihood. [tearily] And when it's taken away from you... it's sad. It's very sad. I feel it deep inside. Look at the land. It's completely dry. It has no future, and neither do I. At my age... At my age, I have no future. I've never had any other job. I've worked the land my whole life. All I have... What little I have, the land gave it to me. Small producers, if they can't afford to pay for water, they can't produce, and then it's easier for them just to sell their land to larger producers. [Enrique Lepeley Jr.] Irrigation system. You see the drops? Fresh... and with the nutritions, fertilizings, that we need. Gives the optimal quantity of water and the fertilizers, the nutrition, for the trees. [Narrator] Enrique Lepeley and his family are big players in Chile's avocado industry. They own four avocado ranches stretching over 1,200 acres and a stake in the country's largest packing plant. In every industry under the capitalist model, you need to have a... scale economy in terms of cost. Whatever industry you think, the big guys buy the small guys. [Narrator] This Lepeley farm is in Quillota, the province next door to Petorca. [in Spanish] Good morning, guys! -[men] [in Spanish] Good morning. -How are you guys? Is it good? It's very good. Yes. [Lepeley] [in English] My father started in the middle '80s with avocados. He was invited to a mission in California in 1984, and he returned with the idea to start putting avocados in the hills. The natural conditions in Chile are not very well for the avocados if you plant it in the traditional way. Flat areas. What do we have to do to plant here? We need to bring the water from down up to here. [Narrator] Lepeley's ranch uses an irrigation system developed in Israel which maximizes water distribution in arid, hilly areas. [Lepeley] Here we are growing avocados under the very high technology irrigation system. We are not wasting the water, and we grow avocados because we need to feed the people, okay? If I don't do, somebody else will do. You can say the same for the guys who sell guns, you know. [laughs] If I don't sell the guns, some other guy will do. Okay, but this is a legal business. [Narrator] Today, farms like Lepeley's add up to 75,000 acres of avocados in Chile. Almost 90% of that is the Hass. After Peru, Chile is the largest exporter of avocados to Europe. And China, where the middle class has developed a real taste for avocados, imports them primarily from Chile. In the past seven years, Chinese imports have increased 1,000 times over. That's the kind of market growth producers dream about. I think that it's really, really important for our country to keep having production and exportations, and being a country with a good economic growth, but with a healthy economy. Not only focusing into that, but also in our population and in the ecosystem. You cannot forget about the ecosystem. Otherwise, we are lost. [Narrator] The fight for water is not limited to Chile. Farmers in California, where the global avocado craze was launched in the 1970s, fear they may no longer have a rich enough water supply to hold on to their piece of the avocado pie. Farmers like Noel Stehly will almost certainly have to yield more and more of the market they created to the producers in Mexico and Chile. But those hillsides over there, the one... You can see a housetop way over there. That whole ridge, that was 200 acres one way and about 250 acres this way. So there's roughly 500 acres right there that's no longer in production. And that's all due to the water. I'm talking about the last 14 years of under-average rainfall in Southern California. Or in California in general. Climate change is having an effect on our drought. [newscaster] ...massive historic drought... [newscaster 2] California should expect drought-producing conditions with more frequent regularity. [Stehly] We used to get about 90% of our water from the Sacramento Delta area up in Northern California, which was good water. We called it the sweetwater. Along came an environmental lawsuit to save fish about the size of my pinkie, and the pumps on the Sacramento Delta were shut down. So then the majority of our water started coming from the Colorado River. That water is not as good. That's a more salty water. That's the real booger on growing avocados is that you got to have good water. On our property, we do have wells. The wells are drying up now because of the drought. So, a well that my father drilled here was never under 130 gallons a minute. For the last four years, we've been at 30 gallons a minute. We kept thinking that we were gonna get a good rainy season. We were supposed to get an El Niño, and that would be good rains and replenish. It just hasn't happened. So that's when we literally shut some areas off, and now, we're putting the water on that these trees that we're keeping need, and they're starting to come back. Having grown up on this farm, it's an extremely tough thing to make that decision to shut the valve off and never open it again. It's making me well up now, just thinking about it. Um... I ran through those groves. [tearily] I watered those groves. I got hit in the back with hard avocados and hard oranges from my brothers, and... they aren't there anymore. Sorry. It's not the same farm. It's not. And... Sad to say, it probably won't be for my daughters either. I hope they have good memories. [clears throat] But the reality is... we can get produce a lot cheaper from offshore. And there's good quality stuff coming in from other areas. [Narrator] And there are no easy answers to the problems with avocados. Tancítaro has brought order to the pure chaos of earlier days. But even the homegrown army is vulnerable to infiltration by criminal elements. California avocados are free of cartel influence, but they guzzle a shrinking water supply. And in Chile, water is under the control of the nation's elite. It's not ethical that North Americans, that the European economic community keep purchasing avocados from those who violate the human right to water. It is known perfectly well who they are. It is completely reproachable today, that you encourage the violation of the human right to water. That you encourage the violation of the human right to water in Chile by buying avocados from those who steal water in our territory. To just stop eating avocados would deliver a severe blow to the avocado industry and thus, a severe blow to the people on the ground. So that's not the solution either. [Narrator] Those who want to get the blood out of the guacamole believe that a certification system like the one used for coffee could be the answer. That will require dedication and time. [Ernst] It would be a great if eventually, we could consume conflict-free avocados, but we need to set up a certification system to that end. That's a very long way off still, but I think consumer power, and in this case particularly, can go a very long way to induce positive change. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 