Rotten: Season 1, Episode 4 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Rotten 
 s1e4 - Big Bird - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Rotten (2018–2019): Season 1, Episode 4 - Big Bird - full transcript 
 The ruthlessly efficient world of chicken production pits vulnerable growers against each other and leaves them open to vicious acts of sabotage. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 [relaxed country music] [chickens clucking] [narrator] There are no wild chickens. [man] These birds do not feed themselves. They do not move to fresh pasture or clean out the poultry house. The farmer has to do that. [narrator] At the dawn of the 20th century, this animal did not exist. Today, worldwide, we each eat 27 pounds of chicken a year. There needs to be a lot more meat grown. We need to double our yields by the year 2050. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 [narrator] Chicken's astonishing growth has been propelled and satisfied by a business that creates lives, and harvests them, at breathtaking speed and volume. They really have created some financial power. [narrator] But now the massive scale of production has exposed those in the chicken business to dangers large and small. There's a lot of corruption in Brazil. Brazil can destabilize the supply-demand relation, globally. [narrator] The volume of the chicken industry has made it vulnerable to catastrophe. And the victims include farmers... Opened the house up, it was just a disaster. [narrator] ...corporations... 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 You cannot be against identifying a crime. [narrator] ...and even nations. For a long time we've had the chicken being run by the wolf. And we've had enough of that. [tense orchestral music] [crickets chirping] [birdsong] [soft strings music] [Sonny] My name is Sonny. I am originally from Vietnam. I came to the US in October 1994. I planned to stay here just for a few years, to operate the farm, raising the chicken, and then go back to school. But there is more work and more work at the farm, and nobody can take my position. [narrator] If you've ever eaten chicken, it probably lived most of its life in a building just like this one. All of these birds, where you are standing here to the front door, is 250 feet... is only half of one house. There will be another half on the back over there. And I have to take care of 16 houses like this. [narrator] Sonny Nguyen raises nearly 20,000 birds at a time in each of his houses. [Sonny] It's hard to raise the chicken. It's like babysitting the chicken. I care for the chicken more than I care for my children. The more you know it, the more you're in love with it. You know, you have a passion for it. My baby! [narrator] But strictly speaking, Sonny is not a farmer at all. He's a grower. From the day they are born until they are slaughtered, packaged, and shipped, the chickens belong to the poultry company. I let you go, OK? Sorry I had to pick you up. [man] We provide the housing, the labor, and electrical. They furnish the feed, the birds, and medication. [Sonny] We set up the houses. It's 92 degrees. We will see how comfortable they are to adjust the heater. [clucking] They're just seven weeks old now. They will be in here for two more weeks. [narrator] Birds raised for meat are known universally as broilers, and have been meticulously bred for a century to grow fat, fast. The day after they hatch, the poultry company drops them off with the grower. These birds can reach slaughter weight in 42 days-- just six weeks. Bill and Sonny raise their flocks for 57 days. The first ten days and the last ten days are most probably the crucial times. For 21 days, they're on their own. Fans on, and keep the ventilation right, and they grow. [narrator] On average, the chickens are expected to gain two ounces a day. This is the grower's entire job: maintaining ideal conditions for the birds to gain weight. [Sonny] If it's too hot, we open the tunnel door so that more fresh air coming in. Or we turn the cool cell on, so that the bird can have, can be cooler, so that they have less stress, because when stressed, they die. These birds are pretty sensitive. They are in a very sealed environment for as long as they are there. And temperature, water, air, is very important to their survival. [narrator] If the grower does their job right, then every bit of the bird can be a money-maker for the chicken company. I just want to catch one chicken and show you how important it is, on the dry floor, with the foot, because the chicken company, they want the foot to be dry. You see? [narrator] The feet, once considered a useless byproduct, are now exported to Asia, where they're a popular bar snack. At the end of the flock, the catch crews come pick them up. The chicken company is going to send crews over here. And they are going to catch all of these chickens, over to the plant, and bring over to the plant. [narrator] "The chicken company" means Pilgrim's Pride. Nearly every grower in Clarendon County raises their birds for Pilgrim's. Pilgrim's Pride and its three major competitors dominate the US chicken business. They're known as "integrators" because they own and control every facet of production, from hatching to feed to slaughter. The integrators have refined every element of modern bird production to maximize profits. They leave the expensive business of raising the birds to the growers. The least paying part in vertical integration would be the growing process. That's why the companies really don't want any part of that. They would prefer it be farmed out. So why wouldn't you? If you can get someone to borrow... $1,250,000, to build a four-house poultry farm and grow your chickens, and you can tell them what to do, you give the orders... It's like you owning your own farm, but someone else is paying for it. So many expenses that we never thought when we entered the chicken business. When we entered it from the beginning, people just told us how much income you make in a year, the gross income. But they never told us how much money you spend. [blues music] [Sonny] Eight houses will be enough for a living, but while I'm young, why not work a little bit harder, harder, and... have a better future? These people are going to work day and night, as hard as they possibly can to make everything work. Where an employee is going to work eight hours and he's going home, a grower cannot afford to do that when he has everything tied up in what he's doing, in his livelihood. The chicken is our bank, so we have to take care of them well. [narrator] The contract is ruthless in its favoring of the chicken company. [Reid Phifer] There's nothing in there for the farmer, for the grower. They're telling you what they want, how they want it done, and this is what they are offering. "If you want to grow chickens for us, you sign it. If you don't, you don't sign it." [narrator] Growers are paid based on the weight of the birds. At your supermarket butcher, the parts from a single chicken will run you more than seven dollars. To raise that bird, the grower was paid about 36 cents. If you could pay a grower one penny more per pound, I said just a penny more per pound, would make a tremendous difference to that grower. [narrator] Chicken is different from beef and pork. Most farmers raising those animals maintain complete control of the process. In return, they accept the risk of a sales price that varies with the market. Bill Coker used to be in that game. Growing pigs like we were growing them, it was up and down, just like the commodity market. But we know what we got in chickens. It ain't like farming. I like growing chickens. I think there is a little bit more stability. [Sonny] All the money that we have at the end, we just pay back to the bank, pay for the gas, pay for electricity, for the laborers. At the end, you know, it's not much left over. It's not much left over. But I'm happy with what I'm doing here. I love my job. [narrator] Chicken is far and away the most widely eaten meat in America, and the US exports more than 3 million tons of it a year. Mexico alone imports well over a billion pounds of American chicken every year. Market watchers expect chicken to be the most-eaten meat in the world by the end of 2020. To feed this growing demand, chicken companies have turned the raising of birds into a virtual assembly line. Every ten weeks or so, a new batch of baby chicks arrives, and the growing starts again. Five to six grow-outs per year. Almost 20,000 birds per house. Over 100,000 chicken houses. Nearly 9 billion chickens a year in the US. Fifty-eight billion worldwide. [crickets chirping] [narrator] In 2015, the extraordinary proportions of chicken output became the perfect conditions for an extraordinary crime. One that could only have happened in an integrated poultry world. I've never seen a case like this on my desk. [somber music] I might forget my birthday, but I will not forget February 17th, 2015. It was three or four days before they would come pick them up. It was one of the better-looking flocks that we had, because it was cool and... and... and... and the survival rate was good. I checked the birds at about 11:30 p.m., quarter to 12. Everything was running fine. So I said, "Well, everything's gonna be alright." But, I mean, you don't know. [Sonny] I left the farm around midnight. In the morning, around eight o'clock on February 17th, my employee calling me, and with a loud voice, "Sonny, the chicken died!" And... I was... my heart was almost stopped. I just ran to the car, and ran over there. [Reid] It looked like... a... a big white cloud of smoke. A little like the house was on fire, but it was white smoke. I opened the computer room door, and the smoke with the steam just... blew into my face. And I fell down on the floor. I almost passed out, and I cried like a baby. I know that... I lost... everything in that year. I open it up again, and see the chicken, all the chicken laid down on the floor. That was devastating. Open the house up to see all those birds. Looked like a white sheet on the ground. That's our livelihood. We take care of those birds... I mean, it's seven days a week. [Sonny] When you be with somebody long, you're in love with that person. I love to raise chicken, and... I don't want them to die. Not even one of them to die. So when they die, it just hurt. [narrator] Bill and Sonny's flocks didn't die by accident. Whoever did it had cut the heat wide open, and cut all my fans off. So I didn't have no ventilation. The temperature was 122 F. And it happened around 1:30, two o'clock in the morning, when the temperature was raising. [somber music] One of these switches in every one of these houses. And this switch here controls four houses. So he come in here and cut that cell off, he cut the power off to the alarm. You flip it on, it just runs all the time, so it makes the temperature in the house rise. What he done is actually suffocated the birds. [Sonny] The chicken have no air to breathe. And it's too hot for them to survive. So all of them died. [narrator] Sonny Nguyen lost about 40,000 birds. Bill Coker lost more than 140,000. [Bill] For somebody to come in there and do that, it was just... It's just unbelievable. This person must know so well about my farm, in order to do this. [ominous music] Nobody in my staff, with the Sheriff's Office, had ever seen anything like this. The smell of the dead birds... You could just simply tell that... it wasn't a... pleasant thing for the birds. [narrator] Bill's farm is just nine miles from Sonny's, and the attacks occurred only a week apart. They were not the only victims. We had about seven different growers affected in Clarendon County, and one grower that was hit here in Sumter County. You're talking about a total loss of 320,000 birds. It was serious business as far as we were concerned. [narrator] Over a span of five weeks, at least 16 grow houses were hit. In each case, the thermostat was used as a weapon. Some birds roasted to death. Others froze. So heat won't affect a small bird like it will a big bird. The big birds, you suffocate them, or get them over-heated and they'll die. Small birds, you have to cool them down to cause the mortality. So that's what happened. [narrator] The killer knew their poultry. [soft music] I could not sleep. Every night I have to stay at the farm with my gun on in my car. He could have kept on doing it and never got caught. If I owned a chicken farm, I'd be scared. It is clear that these farms were the most isolated, and the most vulnerable. [Sonny] I don't know who I can share with, you know. So I just hold it inside, and bear with it, and deal with it myself. [Ernest] There were no footprints, there were no fingerprints, there was no videotape. We didn't have those kinds of things. Whoever was doing it had to know how the operation worked. He wasn't a fly-by-night fella. We thought it's maybe some service person, who knew well about the chicken farm. It might have been somebody working for one of the farmers, and had been terminated, and, um... and was doing this in revenge. I never hurt anybody, you know. And, I have a good heart, and I try to help other people, you know. Especially other farmers. So I would never think that somebody would take revenge on me at all. [Randy Garrett] As more farmers were attacked, then we knew, "Wait a minute, this wasn't just one employee." It didn't seem to be one employee who was getting revenge over the employer. Somebody had a bigger motive. It wasn't somebody just had a beef with me. They had a beef with the company. There was a kind of audit of the poultry industry in those counties to see if they could determine if there's somebody that might be upset, somebody that might have a reason for being willing to go out and kill these birds. [narrator] And there were still the corpses. Each grower had tens of thousands of rotting birds to dispose of. [Bill Coker] It was just devastating. Cleaning them up was the problem. Disposing of those birds was... was... a task. The thing is how to deal with the dead chicken. The only thing we focused: how to deal with the dead chicken. We loaded them on those trucks, and took the backhoes and the bulldozers and dug holes in a burial site, a mass burial site. [narrator] But on Sonny's land, the water table was too high. Health officials feared the decomposing chickens might get into the water supply. We are not allowed to move all the dead chicken outside the house. We have to bury the chicken inside the house, in those two houses. We lay one layer, two layer, two lines of dead chicken. We would spray water on top of the pile so that we can activate the bacteria. So they can decompose quicker, but it takes a long time. [narrator] In a region where chicken growing is a common line of work, these mass killings were a major economic crime, with two victims. These birds never made it to market, so the corporations were never able to sell them, and the growers weren't paid for raising chickens that never made it to market. It was the farmers. They're the ones that lost big time. Over a million dollars in damage was sustained by the growers. I would hate to be in their shoes, facing what they did, financially. It's just enormous. [Sonny] We lost the income for those two houses. It is maybe around $10,000 per house. Clean-up and all, I think it was around $120,000. Loss. [narrator] Even worse, the losses to the growers continued, with the birds that did survive. Sonny's payment for what was left of his flock was determined, as always, by what's known as the tournament system: an industry payment structure that pits each local farmer against all the others. [Sonny] We compete. Who will raise the chicken, bigger chicken, with less feed. [narrator] The poultry company tracks not only the weight of the birds, but the exact amount of feed they were given over their lifetimes. It's called "feed conversion," and the farmer who uses the least feed, pound for pound, gets a bonus. You can have someone that raises a pound lighter chicken than you do, yet he has a much lower feed conversion. So, with it being a front-loaded feed conversion contract, he will rake the bigger part of the money off the table because he will be on the top of that grow-out for the week. [narrator] The thing is, all the variables that affect the birds' weight gain, the feed, the genetic quality of the chicks, and the medications, are provided by the poultry company. The person on the bottom just may have been unfortunate and got chickens that did not do well. From no fault of his own. [narrator] The ugliest part of all is that the bonuses are subtracted from those farmers whose feed conversion is below average. The winner's bonus comes from the grower at the bottom of the pack, who will make far less than his contracted 5.75 cents per pound. It can be thousands of dollars. If one farmer does real well, then that punishes the others. It's competitive. I mean, I wish there was a different way to do it, but that's the way the chicken business is. [Sonny] When I received the settlement... the company had put in two dead houses into my performance. [narrator] Applying strict tournament rules to the growers who had lost thousands of birds to the mass killings meant they were paid less per pound for the chickens that did survive. So I was... dead last in that week. I was on the bottom with the performance, because of the loss. So, I didn't get anything out of that. [Sonny] I lost more than 50,000. After the bank take the money, I had been left with $12,961.61 after that. But that's not even a portion of the gas bill. That's not a fair thing, but... [narrator] Eventually, Pilgrim's offset the growers' loss with less than half their normal payments. [Sonny] We have some compensations from the chicken company to help, but... not that much. Pilgrim's is a big company. They can stand a little loss. But us farmers can't. I mean, we work on such a small margin anymore, that the loss... is hard to recover. We're still trying to dig out the hole. [narrator] The tournament system is a masterpiece of ruthless industrial efficiency. An incentive model that keeps cheap, fat chickens on the market shelves while the lowest-ranking growers duke it out for a sustainable income. In the weeks after the chicken killings, Sheriff Garrett met with victims in search of any clues. That's when Bill Coker recalled an unfamiliar face at the corner store on the day of the attack. He was eating lunch, and picking up information. [narrator] Like Bill, this man was a grower for Pilgrim's Pride. His name was James Lowery. [Bill] He was a chicken grower. And... at some point in time I had to compete against him, I imagine. He was asking about chicken houses and ages and stuff like that. [narrator] Rumor had it Lowery was no longer in the game. At that time he wasn't raising chickens. He had lost his contract... with Pilgrim's. They said he wasn't taking care of them. I don't know what Pilgrim's had against him. He just wasn't running the farm like he should. They have a procedure and rules you have to follow, and he wasn't doing that. If you don't do your job, then they write you up. [Ernest] They did have inspections and did have written communication with the suspect, in the weeks before the birds started dying. The birds weren't being properly cared for, by their rules. And he knew what the rules were. [narrator] So Pilgrim's ended Lowery's contract, and his income. There was a motive to get back at Pilgrim's. [narrator] Without the steady income from regular grow-outs, any farmer would have been left with massive debt. You got some farmers that are on the edge of breaking, and it wouldn't take much to push them over the edge. [narrator] Regardless of a possible motive, law enforcement needed hard evidence. We wanted to gather evidence that could put him at the scene. [narrator] They traced Lowery's steps, including checking his phone records. [Ernest Finney] His cell phone was in the location of these chicken farms on the nights that the birds were killed. Every night there was a chicken house killing, there was a cell phone pattern that went along with it. Every night that we had an attack on a chicken farm, he was in the area. And he had all the motive in the world to commit this crime. For us in law enforcement, it doesn't get better than that. [Randy Garrett] We charged Jimmy Lowery with eight counts of burglary. And then also eight counts of destroying the animals. [narrator] If the allegations were true, Lowery had committed a singular crime: serial mass chicken slaughter, by exploiting the unique scale of the chicken business. From the very start, size mattered. In 1923, an enterprising Delaware farmer named Cecile Steele accidentally received 500 egg-laying chickens. So she raised them for meat. Three years later, she was growing broilers 10,000 at a time. John Tyson perfected the integration of the business, and his competitors followed suit. Since the 1950s, the number of birds grown in the US has risen by 1400%, while the number of growers has plummeted by 98%. Chicken is now controlled by a few corporate giants. Pilgrim's Pride began as a Texas feed store, selling chicks to its customers. The company grew and consolidated throughout the '80s and '90s until it was breathing down Tyson's neck for the number-one poultry spot. [western music playing] What's for supper? Chicken. [narrator] Like others in the industry, founder Bo Pilgrim masked his colossal ambitions with a folksy public persona. I'm dedicated to better chicken. [narrator] By the close of the 20th century, Pilgrim's was grossing two billion dollars a year. But the constant quest for growth left Pilgrim's Pride at risk. Bo Pilgrim always wanted to be the largest. He wanted to be bigger than Tyson, and he was, for a short period of time. [narrator] In December 2006, Bo Pilgrim spent over a billion dollars to buy Gold Kist farms, instantly adding 2,300 contract growers to the thousands already raising his chickens. And Bo Pilgrim could puff his chest out and say, "I'm the biggest." [narrator] But Pilgrim's Pride had grown too big, too fast. When the recession hit in 2007, Pilgrim's Pride crashed. It actually put them into bankruptcy. [narrator] Pilgrim's Pride began shutting down plants and selling off assets. And then came news that shocked the meat industry. Pilgrim's Pride was being bought by JBS, a company most Americans had never heard of. Nearly 20% of US chickens would now be owned by a company in Brazil. [ominous percussive music] [in Portuguese] Brazil is the world's largest producer of animal protein. The biggest meat-processing companies in the world are here in Brazil. [narrator] Brazil is butcher to the world. Three of the top ten meat-packers on the planet are based here. And the largest of them all is JBS. The company verges on world domination. We're talking about 50 billion US dollars in revenue. Like, with presence in five different continents. [narrator] JBS stands for Jose Batista Sobrinho, the company's founder. Batista began the company in the 1950s as a simple butcher shop, and, through expansion, turned it into a major corporation. In the new millennium, his sons Wesley and Joesley made JBS into a giant. They were very competent, I guess. They obtained the finance to merge, finance to buy... and then it started buying other abattoirs and then it became JBS. [narrator] As the company expanded, the Batista brothers became titans of the meat industry, and prominent "Brazillionaires." But the Batistas had made their fortune slaughtering cattle. Taking over Pilgrim's Pride was their opening move towards global domination of a booming business: chicken. They didn't know what a chicken looked like, but they bought what, at that time, was the largest poultry production company in this country. [narrator] JBS paid the equivalent of $2.8 billion for control of Pilgrim's Pride, and they pulled it off with loans from Brazil itself. [in Portuguese] Official support for JBS came from BNDES, which is Brazil's national development bank. And BNDES is public money, it's taxpayer money, which is going to these companies. And it was a lot of money. [ominous music] [Pedro] Consolidation is a fact, like globalization, but governments should... work against it. Here, the Brazilian government acted the other way around. They financed consolidation. [narrator] With government loans, Wesley and Joesley Batista pursued the same business model Bo Pilgrim had: explosive, relentless growth. They started acquiring stuff here in Brazil, and globally, and worldwide. [in Portuguese] We went there and bought the American, Australian, and European companies. And now we're leaders there. Why can't Brazilians be leaders? We can. [in Portuguese] And the big move by them to really become a monstrous company... with the huge revenue that they have was the acquisition of Pilgrim's. [narrator] JBS was suddenly in the chicken business in a very big way, raising and slaughtering two billion birds a year. And they didn't stop there. After Pilgrim's Pride, JBS acquired chicken companies in Brazil and around the globe. They are now the largest poultry producers in the world. We are running around 12 million birds per day. [narrator] As it moved into the poultry business, JBS enthusiastically embraced the opaque practices of ruthless efficiency perfected by America's chicken giants. JBS chicken growers in Brazil, much like their counterparts in South Carolina, retain little control over the process. [in Portuguese] Starting in 2012, JBS purchased the three different facilities, and all of us became JBS contract farmers. There is no other company that serves us, that we can produce for. [in Portuguese] The producers don't know how much they are going to earn. Or they have a table, a pay table that they don't really understand. [chirping] [André] We know we earn less than we should to maintain the structure, to keep working. [man, in Portuguese] The relationship between producers and JBS... it's a very difficult relationship. Producers are scared of speaking out. I'm producing chicken for them. I consider myself to be a good producer. I always deliver above the average... but the partnership is restricted to what's on paper. Nothing more. I don't have any benefits. All the investments that I have to make here, I have to pay the costs. [narrator] In 2013, a group of area chicken growers decided to do something about it. They formed a coalition to try to negotiate better contracts with JBS. They also brought their case to JBS's patron, the Brazilian Development Bank. [Lucia, in Portuguese] We told BNDES to stop giving financing to the business, because it isn't a profitable investment. Because it isn't profitable and doesn't cover the labor cost of its partners. [narrator] JBS and the Development Bank never responded. [Lucia, in Portuguese] As a citizen who pays taxes, and especially as producer of food for Brazil and the world, we felt extremely disrespected. [narrator] Riding global demand for cheap meat, the behemoth meatpacker had reached a size where it could ignore complaints. JBS now had power at the highest levels of government. [in Portuguese] In the previous election in 2014, JBS was the biggest donor... to political campaigns in Brazil. They donated almost 400 million Brazilian Reals, which is about $100 million. [Raquel, in Portuguese] JBS has a very strong influence over Brazilian Congress. They are among the largest campaign donors, they have a number of representatives to whom they donated large quantities of money. [in Portuguese] There is a very deep and very clear symbiosis... between economic power and political power in Brazil. [narrator] That relationship has turned explosive. Throughout the past decade, Brazilians have taken to the streets to protest corruption. [in Portuguese] Brazil is grand. The people are decent. But the politicians are very corrupt. [narrator] Among the political scandals driving Brazil's protests was an investigation into major companies securing loans by bribing officials. One of the companies investigated was JBS. The Batista family always denies any political influence, but there is a lot of mistrust. And these investigations are ongoing. We are waiting to see where this goes. [narrator] The stakes are high. Not just for JBS, but for the whole world's food supply. [Adeodato] If major countries refuse to import meat from Brazil, can you imagine the impact on global protein markets? Brazil can destabilize the supply-demand relation, globally. [narrator] In May 2017, the political flames surrounding JBS ignited a firestorm. Under pressure from corruption investigations, Joesley Batista secretly recorded a conversation with Michel Temer, the President of Brazil... [Batista, in Portuguese] Hello. How are you, President? [narrator] ...and raised the subject of bribes. [Batista] I'm on good terms with Eduardo. [Temer] You have to keep that up, OK? [Batista] Every month, yes. [narrator] Temer seemed to encourage Batista to continue bribing Eduardo Cunha, the former head of Brazil's Congress. In pursuit of a plea deal, the Batista brothers turned over this audio tape to investigators, and then confessed to years of paying massive bribes to government officials. [in Portuguese] They had a checking account for bribes. [narrator] The Batistas admitted that since 2007 they had paid tens of millions of US dollars in bribes to Brazilian officials. The loans they received in return allowed them to acquire Pilgrim's Pride and other companies around the globe. And then brought their downfall. In May 2017, Joesley Batista resigned from JBS. He and his brother Wesley were arrested in September on charges of insider trading. The company has begun to sell off assets around the globe. The rise and fall of JBS is a cautionary tale. The pursuit of massive scale has defined the chicken industry and has been responsible for its high profile failures. Even in the grow houses, the very bottom of the chicken food chain, the scale of the growth brings controversy. The quality of the birds' short lives is often poor. They grow so heavy so fast that many cannot walk. They almost never see the light of day since light encourages activity, and an active bird is a tougher bird. And the ammonia produced by their droppings can make their air unbreathable. So it's hardly surprising that some entrepreneurs are exploring other models, ones that minimize cruelty but still generate profits. [man] Put yours on the front rack. [man] There should not be this push forward, where you have to grow more, more, more. It's hard enough to have the burden of running a successful family and farm without knowing that you're responsible for feeding 10,000 people. So I opt out. No, thank you! [narrator] Just 26 miles from Sonny Nguyen's farm, Nathan Boggs takes a very different path. He treats mass-market birds to small-scale care. He uses the same Cornish Cross bird, bred for growth so rapid, it can't live for long. But the quality of that life is much improved. [Nate Boggs] We can still have the chicken... be plump and juicy like we're used to. It's just way better, because we allow the birds to be birds. This whole structure is a brooder house. It keeps them nice and warm. And protected from the elements, as their immune system has not developed. Their feathers to insulate them are not yet developed. These animals self-regulate their temperatures by getting closer to, or farther away from the heat lamps. A brooder house like this gives the birds the ability to run around, develop firm muscles, strong bones, and just really be kids, honestly. [narrator] By the age of 17 days, the birds have grown adult feathers to replace their chick fuzz. Once we feel that they do have that insulation, and can handle that and be happy and healthy, we'll put them out there to do what chickens do best: run around, scratch, forage, peck, all that fun stuff. [narrator] And thrive in an environment with natural temperature swings. It's an expensive model. Nathan's chicken sells for about three times what you would pay for most supermarket birds. But the ruthless treatment of both birds and growers in the chicken industry leaves Nathan happy to chart his own course. [Nate] We're not trying to feed all of Charleston from our one farm. That's unsustainable. I feel that it makes more sense to go back to our roots, where there's a lot of small, family-owned farms. [narrator] There are already more than a thousand farms like this across the US. And commercial growers are watching. In 2016, Perdue announced their chickens would be raised and slaughtered more humanely. But the changes are incremental and slow, not enough to shift the way most market birds are raised. Not yet. And the industry will continue to thrive. The US broiler belt has increased its output by nearly 3 billion pounds in the last two years. Big chicken is still in charge. [Reid Phifer] Somebody will grow chickens. This is what people want. We can produce cheaper food and a good quality food for your people. Chicken is going to do well, believe me. [narrator] In spite of the turmoil that has roiled its parent company, Pilgrim's Pride has helped to push a global surge in chicken consumption. Chicken is cheap and nutritious. And that means that Pilgrim's Pride will continue to grow. Since 2015, the year of the chicken killings, the company has slaughtered more birds than ever, while the victims of those crimes are still recovering. I just don't want... to be... hurt. And I try to forget it. [narrator] James Lowery was charged in April 2015. But a preliminary hearing did not go as expected. This was a circumstantial case. We did not have fingerprints, video, we didn't have a statement from somebody saying they saw a certain person doing the crime. The judge found that there was a lack of probable cause to believe that the person who was charged, did, in fact, commit the crime. So no probable cause was found as a result of that hearing. We go before the judge and we present a motive, and our evidence, and what we've got. And he says it's enough, and gives us a warrant to arrest him. Two weeks later he dismisses it for lack of evidence. It's the same evidence. [narrator] The case against James Lowery disintegrated as judges in two counties dismissed charges. [Ernest] Because we've had  these two setbacks in magistrate's court, we have not brought the case before the grand jury. Other circumstantial evidence is being sought, as well as direct evidence. Somebody out there may have seen something, may have heard something, may have some information that they weren't even aware was relevant. I do know the solicitor is a busy man. He's got more than just this case. But eventually it should be on the docket somewhere to go before a grand jury and let them decide. [Sonny Nguyen] I moved to this country because I believe in justice. So far, he's still a free man. And I don't want... I don't know when justice will be revealed. Hopefully, one day. [narrator] Whether or not such a day ever arrives, Sonny Nguyen and his fellow chicken growers will continue to raise birds, 300,000 at a time. [tense orchestral music] Surf the internet with browser of future osdb.link/brave 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 