Rotten: Season 1, Episode 2 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Rotten 
 s1e2 - The Peanut Problem - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Rotten (2018–2019): Season 1, Episode 2 - The Peanut Problem - full transcript 
 As food allergies skyrocket, scientists race to understand what's changed in our bodies, while farmers and chefs contend with new challenges. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 [Pulsing music] [narrator] Around the world, food allergies are surging to near-epidemic levels. [man] A molecule of peanut protein, a molecule of shellfish protein could cause a reaction. Any meal could be my last, I guess! [narrator] Victims are often children, and even their parents can be powerless to help. We had to take him to Lurie Children's Hospital. His face was swollen. His eyes were turning a different, dark color of red. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 [narrator] Restaurants have become battlegrounds. [Ming Tsai] We bend over backwards to ensure our food is safe. Bend over backwards, because it's life and death. [narrator] Food allergies are no myth. And they can kill. He had only eaten a mouthful of the meal that he'd ordered. We had done what we had done to prevent this happening. [narrator] Science is just beginning to understand why some people react to seemingly harmless foods... We evolved to protect the body by promoting their active expulsion. [narrator] ...and is racing towards finding a cure. [woman] Getting your immune system to know that this is OK: that in itself would be incredible. [sizzling] [tense orchestral music] 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 [man] I'll be glad when you take over. -Do you know how to pull up peanuts? -You've shown me. [man] I don't know about you. [woman] Peanuts are a very interesting crop to grow. [man] That better? Mine is better than yours. Luck. Beginner's luck. [woman] I'm learning. They are actually a legume. They're nitrogen fixing, which is a really incredible trait within a crop rotation, because... They don't need fertilizer. You don't fertilize peanuts. They make their own. [narrator] Peanuts are in trouble. In only a few years, they have seen their reputation transformed. For more than a century, peanuts have been the classic American snack. Cheap, nutritious, and everywhere. There's a little crop canopy, a small, bushy-type crop canopy above ground, but the peanuts form and develop underground. See this bloom here, this yellow bloom? This little bloom turns into a peg which goes into the ground, that eventually becomes a peanut. [narrator] Peanuts are the keystone of agriculture in southwest Georgia. Two out of every five peanuts in the US are grown in Georgia. The Cox family farms 280 acres of them: more than one million pounds of peanuts every year. [Casey] My dad is the fifth generation of his family to farm. And I decided when I was in college that I wanted to come back to southwest Georgia and eventually take over our farming operation. It's something that really matters to me, and is really special to me. I feel like it is an honor and a privilege to have the opportunity to come back to this farm. So I just try to spend as much time as I can with my dad, listening to him and learning from him, and eventually, probably within the next few years, he'll be ready to retire, and I'll take more of an ownership and leadership role in the farm. I know I have a lot to learn, and it's gonna take me a while. My father has been so innovative and progressive as a farmer, and I want to continue that tradition and legacy of innovation and new opportunities, and see what happens in my generation. [narrator] But the next generation of this peanut dynasty will likely face challenges that the last five never imagined. The future of this essential harvest is now in question, all because of a sweeping surge in food allergies. Thirty years ago, it did not exist. Or if it did, it was not discussed. It really is something that my generation is the first to deal with. The first thing people think of with peanut production, people that I've talked to... The first thing was the allergy. It's interesting to hear theories but there's not much information about where it came from. So, I'm hoping that the research and science that is going on can come up with a solution and come up with other ways to maybe prevent this from happening in the future. I'm allergic to peanuts, pecans, pistachios, chestnuts, walnuts, Brazil nuts... I was deathly allergic to wheat, rye, oats, and barley, growing up. Abbie broke out in hives and the reaction lasted four days which, when you are on a cruise boat, is really unnerving. When she was three and a half, we had an emergency landing on a flight because of exposure to peanut dust. I started to have a secondary reaction, which is when... it caused me to stop breathing, and I wasn't able to talk. [narrator] Something in our world is changing. Our bodies are rejecting the food we eat. Even the experts don't really know why. When I started looking at food allergy it was shocking that we knew so little about food allergies. This was 12 years ago. We didn't even know how many kids had food allergies. Those numbers were not being collected. [narrator] Chicago pediatrician Ruchi Gupta has spent the last decade tracking this worldwide trend: a surge in food allergies, especially among children. It was just starting to get noticed. You started hearing it more and more, but we didn't understand the extent of the problem. I have eggs, peanuts, tree nuts, fin fish, shellfish, sesame seeds, and legumes. We surveyed 40,000 kids across the United States, and what we found was that 8% of children in the United States have a food allergy. That's about 1 in 13 kids. Six million in the US. [narrator] It amounts to a nearly 50% increase in the last two decades alone. There are eight key food allergens that trigger more than 90% of all food allergic reactions: shellfish, tree nut, egg, milk, fin fish, soy, wheat, and the most prevalent of all among children: the peanut. [sinister guitar music] [Gupta] Peanut allergy is the most common of all food allergens, so it impacts about one in four kids with a food allergy. It's such a pervasive staple. When children go to school, they don't take a lunchbox of shellfish. They take a peanut butter sandwich. Peanut oil, peanut butter, peanuts themselves, they are in almost everything. [Ruchi Gupta] Now, the reason peanuts get the most attention: not only are they the most common, but kids who have a peanut allergy tend to experience severe reactions more often. -Haven't grown out of them? -Nope. Have you had any reactions in the past year? I actually had two allergic reactions over the summer. I started throwing up. My stomach started condensing. I got hives, little red bumps all over my skin. And my throat started closing up. They had to put me on oxygen. [narrator] In Gupta's research, more than half of kids with peanut allergies have experienced a life-threatening attack. The crisis is global. Most countries that keep count have seen children's food allergies surge. In Britain, the odds that a person with a food allergy will be hospitalized by the condition have jumped to three times what they were 20 years ago. Nearly two million Brits are at risk at every meal. I was meant to be going to a party with my friends. I went to my friend's house to get ready, have something to eat. My friend suggested we went for an Indian takeaway. So, yeah, I liked Indian, so that was fine. We all said what we wanted. I think we all ordered something like chicken korma or chicken tikka masala. [narrator] Among the most popular takeout foods in England are Indian curries, many of which call for almonds or almond powder. But almonds are expensive. Some restaurants use cheaper peanuts instead. I said, "Oh, I have a peanut allergy, by the way, so there can't be any peanuts in my meal." And the guy behind the counter was like, "There's no peanuts in a chicken korma, so it will be fine for you." I just had, like, a small part of the sauce on a fork. My lips started to swell and get a bit red. I was getting very hot. And my lip tingling just got worse and worse. And my throat started to feel, like, very swollen and, like, tight. And I came out in hives, all over my arms, all over my legs. Only, you know, like, "Wait. I can't actually breathe here." [sinister guitar music] [narrator] Peanut proteins had entered Ruby's bloodstream. There, they were detected by a defense system called Immunoglobulin E, or IgE. [Ruchi Gupta] You can have an IgE specific to something. That's why some people are only allergic to cat dander, or some are only allergic to peanuts. It's almost like a watchdog. It's sitting out there, watching and thinking of the peanut, or any food specific, as an invader. It's coming in to hurt the body, and that's why the immune system is a little bit messed up, because it should not be attacking these natural things in our environment. But it does. [narrator] The worst outcome is anaphylaxis: a swift, violent attempt by the body to eject an invader. Anaphylaxis is a term used to describe kind of a severe allergic reaction that's rapid in onset. A lot of times you'll hear, "I feel my throat closing," or "tightening" or "itching." Lungs are a big one. You get wheezing, difficulty breathing, tightening of the chest. It can impact your gut. This is very common. So you'll have vomiting, often profuse vomiting. It results in suppression of heart rate, drop in blood pressure, and bronchospasm. Bronchospasm is the one that's particularly dangerous. It's difficulty of breathing. [narrator] Ruby's mom got a call. Ruby's friend's dad explained that Ruby had had a reaction to a curry that she'd had. He said, "She just wants to go to hospital." I said, "Fine. Just take her straight away and I will meet you there." [soft music] I walked in and I was looking for her, and all I saw was this girl stood in front of me, which I felt so sorry for. She was absolutely covered in these purple hives, which looked extremely painful. And when she turned around, I realized it was my daughter. We both started crying, and I was like, just grabbed her and said, "It will be fine, it will be fine." We got in to see the doctor and he knew how serious it was. The only way we know how to deal with it, other than avoiding exposure to allergens, is by reversing that reaction by using epinephrine. [narrator] Epinephrine, also known as adrenaline, is a hormone easily administered through an auto-injector. It's powerful stuff, and each use requires hospitalization. [Ruby Scott] After he used the EpiPen, I just laid down for a bit in the treatment room, and my symptoms started to go. It actually relaxes the muscles around your lungs, so it's easier to breathe. And that's life-saving, under these conditions. I had the hives for about three or four days afterwards. And I just felt very weak. [Marianne Scott] We had been told that each time she has one, they get worse. And you just dread what might happen next time. [narrator] Trading Standards is the UK agency that monitors restaurant conditions. Once Ruby had recovered, Marianne Scott called the agency to report what had happened. Maybe the restaurant wasn't aware that there was peanuts in. So we wanted to make it aware, so this didn't ever happen again to someone. I was adamant there was peanuts in it, and I wanted them to see if there was peanuts being used in their meals. [narrator] The restaurant where Ruby had ordered was Jaipur Spice. A Trading Standards officer went in, made a test purchase, specified that they had to have a meal that was nut-free, were assured that the meal was nut-free. The meal was full of peanut. Enough peanut to kill. [narrator] Jaipur Spice was issued a warning. They had informed the owner, and told them what had happened to my daughter, and how they could prevent it happening to anybody else. [narrator] Food allergies have made the dinner table a high-risk environment. And it's chefs who are forced to navigate that minefield every day and every night. I don't remember... I don't remember it ever being a thing, you know, 20 years ago. Someone... I know people have been deathly allergic to peanuts forever. I just don't remember it being... as part of a service as it is these days. There weren't nearly as many allergies, 20 years ago, so there's that. It was rare when you got a peanut allergy or soy allergy, so there didn't seem to be a need. [narrator] But today's restaurant world has been radically changed by allergies. Ming Tsai was one of the first chefs to embrace clientele with this condition. I've probably witnessed 20 crying mothers in my restaurant, at Blue Ginger, because it's older, and I've spent time at the table and I go over and say, "Is everything alright?" She's like, "My son has never been out to a restaurant." He's 12, he's 13, he's 11, he's 8. "Look how happy he is." [staccato music] I can't think of a more fundamental thing of a restaurant, of the baseline you have to do, which is clean water to drink and safe food to eat. Everything else: the music, awesome, but if music isn't playing, it's OK. Buy a CD player. That's not gonna kill someone. But if you don't know what's in your food, get out of the business. Today. There's, like, certain things you stay away from, and certain kinds of restaurants you stay away from. You can tell immediately if the waiter or waitress has been trained. We always get down to the exact food she wants, because it doesn't matter what the restaurant does. It matters if that macaroni is safe. Sometimes they will start to talk about peanuts, and I have to say, "No, my kids aren't allergic to peanuts. They're only allergic to tree nuts. They come back to the table and they say, "You should be OK." It should be, like, "You will be OK. You are OK. It's safe." [Ming Tsai] We have, on a Saturday night, 15 allergen tables a night. I mean, a lot. Enough that it could, if you didn't have a system, ruin your service. And now, you ruin service for 85, 150 other people. [narrator] When he opened his first restaurant, Ming created a food bible, showing a complete list of the ingredients that go into every item on the menu. I took an Excel spreadsheet, which is just boxes, and it's just the eight allergens that are key: soy, wheat, dairy, shellfish, peanuts, tree nuts, eggs, and fish. Those are the eight ones that are up top in a box, and then we just highlight that this dish has four of those eight. So it's crystal clear when you look in the beef and potatoes, there are four allergens, the common ones. Literally, everyone thinks this is a hard thing to do. It's just a spreadsheet. We got it. It's a shorty. "Severe shellfish allergy." We gotta use clean tongs, clean spoons. Alright. Here it is, you guys... [Ming Tsai] So the sous-chef pulls the ticket, the waiter will highlight it. I initial it, so we have a check and balance that I physically checked it. Even on a Saturday night, I have to. This is life and death. OK, guys, we've got a smashed cucumber. Egg, soy, and gluten allergy. So, no white soy. [Sam Mason] The wait staff is the first line of defense. They are the liaison between you and this human being whose face will swell up if they... you know, if they eat a crustacean. [woman] At any one time, I probably have 25 to 30 people in my section. It matters. Everything that I'm doing, I have to stop, pay attention, ring in the allergy correctly, double-check correctly with the chefs. [narrator] Sara frequently deals with anxious parents ordering for allergic children. [Sara] The mom's concern was apparent. She was, like, nervous, and did not really trust what was going on here. So in order to gain her trust, I talked to her about my knowledge and what I knew about the allergy that she conveyed to me. And I took a picture of the product and ingredients, and brought it to her. So I started to show her the ingredients and products we were using, just in an effort to make her feel more comfortable. I already know and am confident in what we do here, and that we were going to protect her child and not hurt her. But I wanted her to know. I feel like having a food allergy would be the most expensive way to eat out, ever. I would give every waiter that didn't kill me an extra 50 bucks! "For you. Thank you for not killing me." [narrator] The costs fall on kitchens more often than customers, but some chefs see it as an investment. [Ming Tsai] Everybody's money is good: people with allergies and without allergies. If I have a food allergy and I'm going out to dinner with friends-- The four top-- We're going to go to the restaurant I feel safest at, that hopefully has delicious food. Allergy people talk to each other a lot. And if you get it, the word of mouth gets out there. And the amount of repeat business you get from an allergen table is incredible. [chef] We've a shrimp and a chicken, Table 1. The other shumai is Table 3. [narrator] In an industry of hairline profit margins there are very real costs to accommodating food allergies. Consider the impact of the prep cook on the bottom line. [Sam Mason] If he's by himself and he has to run downstairs to make a small amount of... let's say it's a dressing for a salad... no other cold app or salad is getting plated while he's gone. So that person, in five minutes, probably could have picked up 15 other plates, and those plates are still empty. You know, when turn times are so fast and you're a very busy restaurant, that translates to money. That is... That's American currency that's not coming your way. [chef] Chicken dumpling for Table 312. Safe for shellfish. [narrator] And there's also the cost of allergy claims, that are occasionally bogus. If one of the Kardashians is gluten-intolerant, there's a good chance you might get a group of people who are, all of a sudden, gluten-intolerant as well! That's just the way it's going to be. It's a dairy allergy or a wheat allergy. Then we see them eating a cookie with dessert. "We thought you had a wheat allergy." "Oh, no, I'm just on a diet." Well, that is so different than, "You can die from eating something." [Sam Mason] There was a lady at Tailor once, and I remember this vividly. She was allergic to large-chopped nuts. I guess that's not really a nut allergy. It was the size of the nuts that she was "allergic" to, quote-unquote. Which is just absurd. And that is just so unfair, because what that does is, it pisses off chefs, and they're like, "You know what?" At one point they're gonna be, like, "Forget it. It's another fake one." But that one is going to be real, and someone is going to get hurt. [narrator] In Yorkshire, three weeks after Ruby Scott's close call with the peanut-laced curry, another local, 38-year-old Paul Wilson, stopped into the pub for a pint. And he just started drinking in here. And just chatting away. A very popular gentleman. He liked it in here because of the music. We played '60s and '70s music on the jukebox. [man] He used to always go next-door for a pizza. -But obviously, this time... -[Paul] He decided to go for an Indian. [narrator] Wilson went to the nearby Indian Garden restaurant and ordered a nut-free curry. Then Brad took him home. Simple as that. That's how it was. Then I was just chatting away to him on the way home, you know, just general chit-chat. And I waited while he got in the house, put the lights on, and then I drove off. He had barely started to eat the meal when he must have realized he was developing a severe allergic reaction. People manage their allergies in different ways. His way of managing it was to go to the toilet and make himself sick. [man] The ambulance service received a 999 call from Mr. Wilson's flatmate, above the Oak Tree pub, in Helperby, where he worked in the restaurant. When the police officers arrived there was an Indian takeaway meal on the table. It was set out. There was some cutlery there. There was a fork on the plate, as if someone had had a mouthful from that meal. There was a massive reaction to it from Paul, and the reaction was so severe, he collapsed and died on his bathroom floor. Paul Wilson developed an allergy as a child, when he ate a chocolate bar that contained peanuts. He went himself into the catering industry, became a chef, and worked in hospitality. So he was acutely aware of the dangers of allergies, and the need to handle food safely. [narrator] The two restaurants that had sickened Ruby Scott and Paul Wilson were both owned by the same man: Mohammed Zaman. Police began an investigation into Wilson's death and Zaman's kitchens. [tense music] They sent samples from Paul Wilson's final meal to a laboratory for testing. [man] We received in sealed evidence bags, the food that Paul Wilson had purchased that day, on the day of his death, and also, from the pathologist, Mr. Wilson's stomach contents. We take a certain... a small weight of the sample that we've prepared, and that's shaken with a solution to extract the peanut protein from the solid food. Extracts from the food are pipetted into tiny test tubes. They are then incubated for the reaction to occur, and the color that's produced during that reaction is read in a plate reader. The sauce of the chicken tikka masala contained very high amounts of peanut. In fact, 19% of the sauce of the chicken tikka masala was peanut. He may have simply licked a spoon, which he had used to... take the meal from its containers onto a plate. There was certainly enough peanut in the sauce of the tikka masala for a teaspoonful of it to cause his death. [narrator] Next, investigators shifted their focus to the Indian Garden restaurant. [Andrew Palmer] The CCTV showed a male come into the restaurant who I understood to be Paul Wilson. He stood at the counter, appeared to order a meal. The order was written down on an order slip that went to the kitchen. And that order slip had written on it clearly, "No nuts." We retrieved from the bin at Paul Wilson's house the lid of the container, that also read "no nuts." [Andrew Palmer] While we were in the restaurant, Mr. Zaman arrived. I do remember feeling sort of slightly uncomfortable by some of the things that he was saying. He just seemed to contradict himself. Personally speaking, it didn't seem like a truthful account. [narrator] Zaman ran a minor restaurant empire. As his business grew, so did his debts. It would appear that Mr. Zaman borrowed a lot of money against the restaurants. So that's what we put forward as a potential motivation for changing from almond to peanut. He had a meeting with one of his suppliers, and he asked the supplier if there was a cheaper alternative to serving almond in his curries. [Andrew Palmer] When Mr. Zaman swapped from almond to peanut, they warned him of the potential allergy risks to his customers. Mr. Zaman claimed that he didn't get that warning. [narrator] Zaman ignored both his supplier and Trading Standards. And just three weeks after his food put Ruby Scott in the hospital, a meal from Zaman's restaurant killed Paul Wilson. Marianne learned the news while continuing conversations with the inspectors. I think it was the third time when they came, and they explained to us that somebody else had... eaten one of the curries and had a reaction. And at the time I was, like, "Well, I'm really... I can't believe that this is still happening at this time, but maybe somebody will do something about it now that it's happened to somebody else." And it was then that I was informed that the person had died. And it shocked me, because it could have been my daughter. And I was just grateful that it wasn't. [ominous music] [Richard Wright] There were no changes to the menus. The menus did not reveal that there was peanut in the dishes. And there was no evidence of any staff training being put in place. If you had done things right, this should never have happened. If you had taken steps, this should never have happened. If you had trained your staff, this should never have happened. And the saddest thing is that the things that needed to be done to keep Paul Wilson alive and to protect customers, they were tiny steps. It wasn't just a case of someone making a mistake. It was a case of a catalog of mistakes that had gone on for a long time, and it's amazing how someone hadn't already died from eating a meal from one of those restaurants. [narrator] And so, the Crown Prosecution Service decided to pursue criminal charges. We were saying that the negligence of Mr. Zaman was so bad, so gross, that it amounted to a criminal offense. There was no prospect that Paul Wilson was going to get a safe meal from that kitchen. So many opportunities to put things right had been missed, that it was almost inevitable that this accident was going to happen. [narrator] It would be the first ever prosecution of a restaurateur in a food allergy case. There was some caution around whether this should proceed. There were no guidelines for an offense of this type. We were in uncharted waters. [narrator] The case against Mohammed Zaman went to trial in 2016. [Richard Wright] Mr. Zaman was very keen to blame everybody and anybody he could, other than himself. He claimed he had removed all peanut from his kitchens and instructed all of his staff to change their ways. But the fact that Paul Wilson died demonstrated that could not have happened. I think he had told himself so many lies that he convinced himself he was correct, and in the right. And he wasn't. [narrator] After a day of deliberating, the jury found Mohammed Zaman guilty of gross negligence manslaughter. [Richard Wright] The total sentence was six years imprisonment. Six years for the offense of manslaughter. It's a sentence which sends out a message, I think, to other restaurants and takeaways, that they have a duty of care for their customers. People can say, "Oh, it wasn't fair. It wasn't him that did it." But when you put yourself out there, and buy these restaurants and takeaways, you are responsible for what goes on in them. These people knew what they were doing. You've got... a responsibility. You've got a duty of care. [Paul] Yeah. [narrator] The death of Paul Wilson is not unique. Nearly half of food allergy deaths are caused by food from restaurants or other food services. But doctors are still struggling with the core questions: why? And why now? [Ruslan Medzhitov] We want to understand what makes one organism hypersensitive, hyperreactive, versus another organism that would be normally reactive. And that is not clear and not obvious at all. Such a dramatic and quick increase in incidence indicates there is something changing about our environment. We all know genetics is part of it. But then what is this environmental piece that may be pushing us towards allergies? We really have to look at how things have changed. [narrator] One leading theory points to the population of microbes that live in our guts: our microbiome. That population ain't what it used to be. Infants at birth or in the first year of life, are getting antibiotics much more commonly. What does that do? It kind of wipes out your gut bacteria, your normal flora. We're kind of going into a more clean state. Microbes come from playing in the dirt. Now there's fewer animals, and people are having fewer children. You know, it's the whole microbiome spectrum. So it's hard to pinpoint which environmental piece is causing this, but something, and maybe it's most commonly, most probably, a combination of multiple environmental triggers that are changing the microbiome. [narrator] This lack of bacteria may be confusing our immune system, and so may the absence of much larger attackers. Parasitic worms have been living with humans for centuries. And as we became more clean, we have gotten rid of parasitic worms as part of us. Has that caused our immune system to take off in a different direction? [narrator] It seems to specialists that modern medicine and sanitation have changed an ancient balance inside our bodies. Profound changes have also affected the food we grow and eat. [Ruslan] The whole process of plant domestication and agriculture made foods much more eatable. But as we went one step further with industrial food production, there was a further reduction in some of these substances that normally come with food, including non-nutrient substances, that may not be toxic but they are just normally part of food, and we evolved to eat it. If we eliminate that completely, just like if we eliminate all the microbes from the body, I think we cannot function normally. I think that, in terms of what foods we should have him avoid, for sure we should have him avoid milk. I mean, the regular milk test was positive. The baked milk test, the casein was positive. We should probably do another blood test. I just think we need more information. Now he's avoiding milk... [narrator] Most people with allergies learn the hard way. I asked my fiancée and my babysitter to give him formula, which was a cow milk protein, and they did. And that day we actually had to take him to Lurie Children's Hospital ER in Chicago. And his eyes were completely swollen shut, he didn't have much energy, his face was swollen and his eyes were turning a different, dark color of red underneath his eyes, and he was really sick. [narrator] Food allergies can be a moving target. Many people diagnosed as children will outgrow their allergies, but will continue avoiding the foods because they are unaware. Food allergies affect 4% of adults, but a full 30% believe they have an allergy. The way we currently diagnose it is, you have to have a reaction to a food, and then we test your blood or do a skin prick test. So if both of those... If you had an allergic reaction when you ate a peanut and your peanut-specific IgE is positive or your skin prick test is positive, then we label it as a food allergy. [narrator] The skin prick is the best-known test for food allergies. Tiny amounts of potential allergens are poked under the skin to provoke small but detectable reactions. An alternate method tests a patient's blood, to see which immunoglobulins are present. I'm sorry, Leo. I'm so sorry. [narrator] But even after years of refinement, neither tool delivers. [nurse] You are so brave. [Ruchi Gupta] Unfortunately, the testing we have for food allergy is not ideal. So the only way we have right now to truly know, is to eat the food and see what happens. [narrator] It's called the food challenge, and it tests the limits of the body. You sit in a room at the allergist's office, and you eat the food that you're allergic to. Start with small quantities and increase it over time. And if you do not react, then hopefully, you have completely outgrown that food and can introduce it into your diet. [soft music] [sizzles] If you don't have a family or a friend that has it, you're actually not aware of how life-threatening, and what a pain in the rear food allergies can be. [narrator] One year after opening Blue Ginger and working to accommodate allergic customers, Ming Tsai went from proprietor to allergy dad. It was the very unfunny joke from upstairs to give me a child that has allergies to soy, wheat, dairy, shellfish, peanuts, tree nuts, eggs. Seven of the eight. I'm like, "Oh, my God." And we went to our pediatrician and he basically said, "Well, don't eat the foods. Good luck." We're like, "Don't eat those foods? Good luck?" "Yeah, I can't do anything. Sorry." [narrator] Ming and his wife kept their son David away from dangerous foods until he was four. But one night a babysitter forgot the warnings. [Ming Tsai] David asked for some milk. Now milk, to David, is his rice milk. She serves him regular milk. And he's like, "I'm having problems breathing." And that's... You cannot be more scared as a parent, when you hear that. First you wish it was you, not your child. But we're just so grateful we had... we were prepared. We had the EpiPen. But there's never been a scarier moment in my life than, "I can't breathe, Dad." [Ruchi Gupta] I was doing research on food allergies. And my own daughter was diagnosed with food allergies about nine years ago. Something that I pretty much spent most of my time studying now became a reality in my own world. Until you experience it, you don't understand it completely. Although you would never wish it, it has informed so much of the research we do. Riya, do you have your lunchbox? Oh, yeah. [Ruchi] What are you taking today? Today, I have the grilled cheese that you made me. OK. And a nut-free chocolate bar. I really started to fully understand the impact it has on every aspect of a child's life, every single day. You have your epinephrine? Yeah. For Natalie and for my family, there's the physical health. But honestly, I'm equally concerned about her emotional health. She never went to the grocery store, didn't fly, didn't go to people's houses. At some schools now, they have separate tables for the allergy kids, or they will have no peanut products, or whatever, in their home. A blue cafeteria tray is what they thought of, to distinguish the food allergy kids. There were hand wipes for everybody going into her classroom. I mean, it was... really restrictive at every turn. When they go out into the real world and they're wondering when they're at their workplace or university, "Why isn't this table nut-free?" It's not going to be. At a ballpark, in a movie theater, on a date or whatever. That's just not the reality. [narrator] And avoidance might even be a cause of the problem. One of the remarkable developments in food allergy medicine has been a radical reinterpretation of early exposure. In the year 2000, the American Academy of Pediatrics recommended against feeding peanuts and peanut butter to children under three. We were just starting to see this increase and we didn't know what to do. So let's just avoid it, right? We don't want these kids anaphylaxing. [narrator] But then, in 2008, a study demonstrated an extremely low prevalence of peanut allergy in Israel. [atmospheric guitar music] [narrator] That result was tied to Bamba, a peanut-based snack widely eaten by small children. [Gupta] If you actually introduce peanut to an infant from 4 to 11 months, they may actually significantly decrease their chances of developing it by almost 80% in those high-risk kids. So now the AAP changed their guidelines to say: "Introduce it to your child." [narrator] This same concept, "Just eat the food," is now being tested in several new medical treatments. All of them involve introducing the food protein to the individual. Starting with small amounts, until their immune system recognizes it and can tolerate larger and greater amounts. So I started out with Mini Oreos. I had, like, three Mini Oreos. And then the next week... Two weeks later, I had nine. This is my morning dose, which is 10,000 milligrams of just plain peanuts. Fifty milligrams of wheat was my original tolerance level. Now I'm up to... I got up to the point where I could eat eight grams, which is 8,000 milligrams. So it was from 50 to 8,000. So she got cleared to eat things that might have cross-contact the day before her birthday, like, almost two years ago. And what have you done since then? Well, I've had a lot of things. I've had Chinese. Indian. I like Indian. And then the thing just goes on and on, to the point where I had Sprinkles cupcakes, like, the things a kid wants, basically, that I grew up not being able to eat. All the tests still show that I'm allergic, and just because I'm eating peanuts every day and I'm able to do it, most days, doesn't mean that I'm not allergic. It's most days that I'm OK. Sometimes I do have reactions for a variety of reasons. And you know, it's not a cure, not yet. It began in 2012 and since then, my life has just completely changed. Yeah, it's a completely different life, now. We are hoping some of these treatments start coming to market in the next year. Can't promise a cure, you know, but good treatments coming our way in the next five to ten years are highly likely. [narrator] That's encouraging for allergy sufferers, and good news for peanut farmers, too. Now here's what you do. Take it like this... And then... No, I'm serious. Then look at the ground, and any insects on there, they'll be on the ground. See? Right there. [Glenn] That could either be a corn earworm, or some kind of army worm. Always look for white mold right here, Casey. -In the middle. -Yeah, in the middle. [Casey] When you grow a crop, when you're a farmer, the last thing you want is for someone to be afraid of what you produce. You know how hard we work to get this crop. From day one, how expensive to grow. To put everything into your crop, and then all you hear is negative reports on it, it's kind of disheartening. [Casey] I really hope that in the next few years, continued science and research will encourage people to not do an all-out ban of peanuts. We don't want anyone to have a negative experience with peanuts, because it is our livelihood. [narrator] In fact, peanut farmers, including Casey and Glenn, have started funding food allergy research. Their alliance, the National Peanut Board, has already contributed nearly $22 million. No one wants to see money taken out of the bottom line, but in this case it's a good thing. We have plans for the future. She's the future for us. And we'll do whatever we need to, to make it work. [tense music] Surf the internet with browser of future osdb.link/brave 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 