Rotten: Season 1, Episode 1 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Rotten 
 s1e1 - Lawyers, Guns & Honey - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Rotten (2018–2019): Season 1, Episode 1 - Lawyers, Guns & Honey - full transcript 
 With demand for honey soaring just as bees are dying off in record numbers, hidden additives, hive thefts and other shady tactics are on the rise. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 [suspenseful synth music] [man] There's some romance about bees. Romances are not so easily explained. You just have to feel that. Honey has the greatest cachet in the marketplace, of all food items. Nothing else has that high of a rating. [narrator] Honey is everywhere. A sweetener so natural, so exalted, that its value has held up for millennia. [man] More of us are wanting to buy food that we know the source of. The honey industry is perfect for a food-enlightened culture. [narrator] But honey is also perfect for savvy profiteers 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 who are secretly cutting the world's honey with cheap substitutes. The supply cannot meet the demand. Consumers are eating a product that is not honey. [narrator] All along the supply chain, the 9,000-year tradition of beekeeping is under full-scale assault. Industrial farming is wiping out the bees' habitat. Bees are dying by the tens of billions. [man] They don't bounce back. Just one thing sets them on their head and they're done. They just never recover. [narrator] And the lure of quick cash has spawned a new kind of honey crime. [man] That guy then pays double for a product that is not what it says on the label. It is a fraud, and that's a crime. [tense orchestral music] 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 [man] I learn something new about bees almost every year. There's just an unstoppable depth to the bees. There's so much detail in what they do. So the first time I got stung, my face swelled up. That was it for me, at eight years old. But I got stung again and it wasn't as bad. By the time I was 15 or 16, I was working bees on a regular. You got hive tools over there, JP? Yeah, got it. The bees are feeding off of these trees behind us, the Yaupon holly, so they get nectar from those blooms. These bees are like, "You all are out of your mind." [narrator] In the spring and summer, the honey bee gorges herself on the nectar of a thousand flowers. But blossoms fade and wither away, and bees want to keep eating the nectar all year long, so they preserve it, and store it. The result is so delicious that humans have been savoring it for thousands of years. The bees drink up the nectar in the flower. They'll suck it up. Their tongue is almost like a straw. And they have a special stomach. We call it a honey gut. And they use that to add enzymes to the nectar. [narrator] The bee returns to the hive carrying a load that weighs almost as much as she does, and spits up the nectar into another bee's mouth. They go through that three times. One bee will add a little bit, pass it on to the next bee. She'll add a bit. And the last step is for them to store it in a cell. They fan it a little bit to air it. [narrator] Their wings flapping more than 12,000 times a minute, the bees dehydrate the nectar and thicken it into a golden syrup. That's honey they haven't sealed yet, because they're still filling it. They're either adding honey to it or closing it up. And these are full frames of honey, sealed up. They will open that whenever they need to, and that may not be until, you know, December when they get hungry again. We're gonna take that burden off them. Really what we're doing is robbing them. [narrator] A worker bee lives 40 days, and makes less than a teaspoon of honey. But in high season, the 50,000 bees in a single colony can make 30 pounds a week. [Jon] That's at least 60 pounds. We're going to give it a couple bounces. [bees buzzing] That's where the bees got most of the nectar from, that yaupon nectar. We get stung less with the smoke. This is what I'm talking about. Getting that honey right out of the hive. Even as a kid that was the best part about coming out to the bee yard. -[Jon] See that piece? -[JP] Yeah. -[Jon] Tear that. -[JP] Look at that. -Yeah! -[Jon] That's good stuff. [JP] We're just going to throw that on top of the box and bring it back. [Jon] Just like little pets, when they're feeding like that. A lot of the honey we're pulling off is just in the top of the hive. There's honey that we're not taking, that will stay with them. [narrator] For beekeepers, the care of the colony is a sacred cause. Even so, for more than a decade, bees around the world have been dying in record numbers. [man] You never know. Even though you got your bees all up and going, you never know. You can go back in two weeks and your bees would all be gone. They just disappear. That's colony collapse. They have never figured it out. It's not like they've been sprayed. They're not laying dead in front of the hive. [narrator] When the crisis erupted around 2006, it was labeled "colony collapse disorder." Today, scientists believe the bees are dying from a combination of stresses, brought on by parasites, by insecticides, and by agri-business monocultures that replace flowering meadows with acres of crops which offer bees no nectar at all. Beekeepers have found ways to rebuild their bee colonies. But the amount of honey the bees make keeps dropping. [man] We work very hard to ameliorate all of these stress factors on bees, and yet our colony loss numbers in the United States are right now at about 50% per year. It would be shocking if all the cattle ranchers of America said, "We lost half our cattle this winter." But somehow when the beekeeper says, "We lost half our bees," it's not quite as shocking. [mysterious harp music] [narrator] It's not just the bees. Beekeepers are fighting to stay alive. Struggling in a global business that is soured by deception, corruption, and larceny. [harp music builds in intensity] [mechanical rattling] [narrator] The crazy thing is, the honey business is actually booming. Everyone is eating more honey. For almost a decade, worldwide honey consumption has been rising by more than 40 million pounds a year. The US alone is responsible for more than half of that. The math doesn't make sense. Honey production is dropping, but consumption is soaring? [man] Honey consumption has been increasing for two reasons: because the human population is increasing; and the increase in importance of more natural products. Honey is used as an ingredient which gives an added value to the product, because it relates the product to a natural product. So the name "honey" is an added value. [slow, moody guitar music] [narrator] The reality is that our bodies process honey more or less the same way they do all other sugars. But food makers looking to please picky consumers have switched from sugar to honey to sweeten dozens of products. Everything from bread to potato chips to cookies to sliced ham. Tony Schmitz and his father Doug started out as beekeepers. But as the demand for honey increased, they moved into packing. We buy honey from beekeepers from around the world, and our job is to blend those honeys together, making that honey easy for the food manufacturer to use. [narrator] American hives produce about 160 million pounds a year. But we eat 450 million pounds, so the US imports twice as much as it makes. How much honey is in the tank? -He's done. -Open her up. [Tony Schmitz] There's thousands of varieties of honey through the world. A packer's job is to blend different varieties, colors, types of honeys in large commercial quantities. [Doug Schmitz] We're blending honey over here for a bread company. We go through the building here, and pull honey ready to be used. It's already allotted for the moisture, the color, the flavor. Today we're probably going to put 40 barrels of Indian honey in there, and mix it with a little bit of Vietnam, finish up with some Canadian honey, then come up with the flavor profile. Your spec has got to be exact all the time. [narrator] Yes, the number of hives worldwide is growing. But honey exports are rising about eight times faster. [Norberto] In some way, there seems to be a surplus of honey. Where does that honey come from? If we consider that the production is decreasing and the demand is increasing, the only way to explain that gap is honey adulteration. [narrator] It's a simple but ugly truth. Lots of the honey flowing around the world... isn't pure honey. [Norberto] The dilution of honey with cheap syrups is the main and more massive way to adulterate honey. It is the reason of this apparent surplus of honey all over the world. The most important point is to protect consumers and what they are paying for. [ominous music] [narrator] It's straight out of the drug-dealer playbook: cut your pure product with inexpensive filler to increase volume. [Norberto] Ten or twenty years ago, syrups that came from corn or from sugarcane were mostly used to adulterate honey. Around 25 years ago, in the United States, a method was developed to detect that type of adulteration. And then, the Chinese discovered some years ago that syrups manufactured from rice are not detected by this method. [narrator] China, the new agricultural powerhouse, is home to an ancient and revered honey industry. By the late '90s, Chinese beekeepers had close to seven million hives. A gigantic number by any reckoning. Between the huge hive count, and adulteration by some producers with rice syrup, the Chinese honey industry created a massive surplus. This overflow was then sold to the world's hungriest honey importer: the US. [woman] The Chinese were purposefully undercutting the market, selling it at such a low price that American producers couldn't compete. That honey may come in at half the price of the domestic market. [Doug Schmitz] There was a huge import problem with really cheap honey forcing us American producers out of our market. I couldn't find a market for the honey I produced. [Tony Schmitz] So there was an abundance of honey on the US market. The US packers had all their supply needs taken care of with these cheap imports. And it was hard as a honey producer to compete with Chinese imports. The government felt it was important to make sure that Americans could continue to raise bees and sell the honey profitably. [narrator] In 2001, the US Government declared that Chinese producers were unfairly "dumping" honey on the US market. [Susan Berfield] They put a huge tariff on Chinese honey. Basically triple the price if it came from China. [ship horn blares] [Norberto] As soon as those anti-dumping duties were established, new ways to cheat the rules were developed, for example, transshipment of honey through third countries. [narrator] Imports from other Asian countries suddenly surged. Malaysia exported 37 million pounds of honey in a single year. Not a bad haul for a country where all the bees combined can only produce about one-tenth of one percent of that amount. [Susan] It's very simple. A barrel comes from China, they put a different label on it, they fake the papers, and they send it on its way. [Norberto] Consumers are eating a product that is not honey. But that passes the official tests. [church bells ringing] [narrator] Government testing is rare. Most lab work is paid for by importers and packers, to make sure they're not selling compromised honey. They turn to private laboratories like Bremen-based QSI, which has been testing honey for quality and purity since the 1950s. Germany is the second-largest importer of honey, after the US, and German companies are among the most powerful middlemen in the global flow of honey. Here we store all the samples which we test. We store them in the meantime half a year. Samples from beekeepers, importers, packers or retailers. Our clients need to label the origin. We also check dilution, and test for residues from feeding the bees medicine, like antibiotics. Last year, we have got in total about 60,000. We have to taste and smell every sample. You can really smell, very strongly, like, a pine honey, different from a light honey. A very, very weak floral aroma. [melodic percussion music] Hmm. [narrator] Taste and smell indicate authenticity, but to zero in on the country of origin, the lab runs a pollen analysis. For every plant species or family, you have very specific forms of pollen. This is a sediment of a Chinese linden honey. So you can see the typical shape of the linden pollen. This is important for the botanical origin and for the geographical origin. If you filter out the pollen, so you cannot trace back anymore the origins, then you could mix or blend this filtered honey and you would not be able to detect it with pollen analysis. Every time a new test is developed, adulterators developed a new method, a new product, to make possible that the tests are cheated. It's like a competition from those ones who want to adulterate the honey and those ones who detect it. In the very beginning, if you apply this test, you see a high percentage of adulterated honeys especially from the Asian countries. This might take two or three months. Then you see the positive ones decrease. It does not mean that they stopped adulteration. It just means they have found something new, which we cannot detect with the methods we have so far. [narrator] For years, American producers complained that the tariffs on Chinese honey weren't working. Cheap diluted honey was still being shipped from China to third countries and then to the US, killing American business. In 2008, the US government did something about it. [man] I started in the US Attorney's Office in Chicago on January 7, 2008. Only a few months into the job, I had federal agents with the Department of Homeland Security reach out and ask me for a search warrant to search the offices of a company that I had never heard of before: Alfred L. Wolff, Inc. [man] Alfred L. Wolff is an international import and export trade company. It's a family owned business with a long tradition in Hamburg. I was the National Sales Manager, trying to sell honey within the United States. ALW was a pretty big, if not the biggest importer of honey at the time. [Andrew] Large container loads of honey, Russian honey specifically, was being imported into the United States by the Wolff Company. Very large quantities of that honey had tested positive as being Chinese honey. [narrator] The agents dubbed their investigation "Project Honeygate." [Andrew] These series of cases, which went from 2008 until 2014 and 2015, ended up becoming the largest food fraud case in US history. [tense orchestral music] [narrator] In March 2008, federal agents raided the Chicago office of A.L. Wolff. [Susan Berfield] They come in fully suited, with weapons, ready to defend themselves if it should be necessary. And they seized large volumes of documents, shipping records, and electronic data, as well as samples of honey. [narrator] Two Wolff executives suddenly found themselves in a Homeland Security spotlight. Magnus Von Buddenbrock was the US General Manager. The Head of US Sales was Stefanie Giesselbach. [Berfield] Giesselbach was hired by ALW when she was 19 years old, and by the time she was 28, she was given what seemed to her like a really great assignment: being transferred from Hamburg to Chicago. She was going to be in charge of selling honey. [narrator] In 2006, Giesselbach arrived in Chicago and took over for the outgoing sales manager, Thomas Gerkmann. [Thomas Gerkmann] We had a transfer time of... four to six weeks. Sales is a people business. So of course, I took the opportunity to say goodbye to the customers, and introduce Stefanie as the new face to the customers. [tense music] [narrator] Investigators believed Giesselbach was a key player in Wolff's transshipment racket. And only a few weeks after the raid, a tip came in that Giesselbach was skipping town. [Andrew] She's broken the lease for her car, cut off the utilities, she's purchased a plane ticket, one way, to go back to Germany. It is very difficult to extradite a German national from Germany. We really had something like 24 or 48 hours to make a decision about her arrest. [narrator] Agents pored over thousands of Wolff company documents, looking for hard proof that Giesselbach had knowingly sold illegal honey. With only hours to spare, they found it. It was called "Purchase Order 995." [Andrew] PO 995 is a purchase order for Polish honey. Lab reports indicated that that honey was adulterated with a prohibited antibiotic known as chloramphenicol. [narrator] Chloramphenicol is not an ingredient used to bulk up shipments. It's a powerful antibiotic fed to bees to keep them healthy. It can be fatal for people who eat it unwittingly. Which is why it is illegal in the US to import food products that contain it. [Andrew] After Ms. Giesselbach and others knew that the honey was adulterated, they went ahead and sold it anyway at a fire-sale price. [narrator] The investigators had proof, but they were almost out of time. Magnus Von Buddenbrock had just dropped Giesselbach off at O'Hare Airport. [Boutros] We are in the judge's chambers having a-- arrest warrant and a criminal complaint sworn out against Ms. Giesselbach, and while we are doing that, she was now at the ticket counter, checking in to get on her plane to go to Germany. [narrator] Agents grabbed Giesselbach before she could board the plane. Her manager, Magnus Von Buddenbrock, was pulled over and arrested minutes later. After two weeks in a federal cell, both agreed to cooperate. [Andrew] Ms. Giesselbach told us that 85% to 90%, she estimated, of the honey that Alfred L. Wolff was bringing into the United States was part of some kind of criminal scheme. When I first heard it, I thought it couldn't be possible. It is a misunderstanding. [narrator] But Giesselbach named her co-conspirators. One of those names was Thomas Gerkmann. [Susan] Stefanie, in her plea agreement, described a period of about two months that was pretty explicitly set up to allow Thomas Gerkmann to show her how the transshipping scheme worked. I was not an import manager, I was National Sales Manager, so my job was to try to initial sales in the United States. The import business was not my business. [interviewer] There are emails that indicate that you were involved in deliberately transshipping Chinese honey to the United States. What are your thoughts on these emails and these allegations? Well, I don't know exactly about these emails. I just know that the computers of Alfred L. Wolff in the office were open to everybody, so signatures can be replaced. [narrator] But there is one signature that Gerkmann admits was not replaced. According to investigators, purchase order 995 directly links Gerkmann to the honey laundering. [Thomas] This issue, I remember quite well because I got a claim from the customer that the honey is contaminated with an antibiotic. He made a test at a local laboratory. I sent this analysis to my US boss, as well as to the head office in Hamburg, asking what I should do with this claim. They came back to me, both of them, and said I should try to sell it with a discount to the customer, which I did, and then this case was closed. Today, I would say, after knowing all this, I shouldn't have accepted... this instruction. [narrator] Giesselbach was sentenced to a year and a day in federal prison. Von Buddenbrock was sentenced to six months' home confinement and three years' probation. Gerkmann was indicted, but living in Bremen, he was beyond the reach of US law enforcement. The total number of individuals and companies that were charged were 27. Of those 27, 9 defendants pleaded guilty. Ten defendants are fugitives. [Thomas] I am a very religious person. And in the Bible, we have a saying. "People are thinking, but God is showing the way." And this is how I'm living, and how I try to live with it. The only... the only impact I have is that I'm not able to leave Germany. That's all. This was not a victimless crime. This was a crime that impacted everyday people who were working in the domestic honey industry. Honey producers, who were just trying to make an honest dollar. [Clint] It affects every beekeeper, because the consumer can no longer trust the marketplace. Crime is dynamic. You cannot combat crime this year, and forget it. [narrator] Most honey-packers regularly send out samples of their merchandise for quality testing. Although it's not required by law, it's how they protect their business, by making sure they're not selling a compromised product. We're buying honey from about 11 different countries and too many suppliers to count. Every country has different known risks. Every time a truck comes to the dock door one of the first things we always do is randomly pull some drums off the truck and get some testing on the way. Looks like some yummy honey, Tony. And there, like this. [Tony] We're defending ourselves against food fraud. So we don't associate ourselves with any suppliers that are selling honey from Thailand, Taiwan, Indonesia, Malaysia... It's real low in moisture. That is some thick stuff. We have a very strong assumption that Chinese shippers will use those countries as... we call them puddle points, or surrogate countries, to circumvent their honey through those countries. We're seeing shipments that we don't believe are authentic. There's our sample right there. Our testing procedure and our defense mechanisms caught a shipment of Vietnamese honey that we later proved that was transshipped from Taiwan. Now, our quality control people were doing their jobs and noticed that the paperwork and the tests that were sent with that shipment just didn't match up with our tests. So we alerted the proper authorities. Customs and Border Protection Labs concluded that the honey in fact was of Chinese origin. [driving music] [narrator] In recent years, the QSI laboratory has developed a screening method that's much harder to beat. Nuclear magnetic resonance, or NMR, measures the magnetic fields of individual atoms to create a kind of molecular fingerprint. These are cross-checked against QSI's growing database of honeys from around the world. [woman] I always describe it as a perfect screening method because you see a lot with just one measurement. With the green spots here, you can see that the models are positive. So the honey is coming from China. You see here, really good buckwheat honey coming from the US, and you can see the high amino acids here and here, and even the sugars are perfectly fitting the red line. If you compare this with the honey we just measured, doesn't fit at all. We can see it's really low here. This honey looks adulterated. We have a lot of syrup in the honey. [narrator] For now, it's an effective tool. But that doesn't mean the honey crooks won't find a way to beat it. With money to be had, there will always be fraud in the marketplace. We look at that and say, "If I can't convince the consumer that I have a healthy and clean and wholesome and good for you product, that I'm legitimately delivering into the marketplace, then I've lost my source of income." My vocation is of no value if I lose that. [narrator] At best, the value of beekeeping is already in question. Beekeepers have had to push their colonies to the limit just to stay in the black. [Lloyd Cunniff] I started working bees when I was 13 years old. I started working for my grandfather. 1973, I guess it would be. We're lucky in Montana that our honey is real high quality and highly sought after. We had a drought, and we had some problems with colony collapse with our bees. So we went from a little under a thousand colonies of bees down to... well, we had 489 colonies left. When a beekeeping operation experiences numbers like 40, 50% loss throughout the course of a year, the method that we use to rebuild our operation is to split... creating an artificial hive in a smaller unit. Taking one hive and making three or four, or five out of it, depending on time of year and strength of the parent colony. [atmospheric percussion music] [Buzz] How's it going? [worker] Hopefully she'll lay tonight and we'll have two empty ones to clean up. [Buzz] Almost. [Buzz] Oh, you're in luck. I found the queen on the first pull. She's going to be laying all the eggs she can lay, you know, twice her body weight in eggs a day. The bees will just feed her. She never stops laying eggs. She can just keep on going in her prime. That can be about 2,000 eggs a day. So all the little bees here... come from her. We put a new frame in for her to lay eggs in every day. [Buzz] Those are the larvae there. The bees are feeding that larvae. They put the food at the bottom of the cell and that larvae is eating it all the time. When they cap it off they're done feeding it, and that larvae is then pupating into a bee and it will hatch out of that cell as a bee ready to go to work. [bees buzzing] [narrator] For the next month, instead of making honey, these colonies will work from dawn to dusk as pollinators. That's the other task bees have evolved to perform, and it is suddenly immensely valuable. Back in 1990, California had about 400,000 acres of almond orchards. Now it has more than a million acres. [Clint Walker] Almond pollination is the key financial driver in the beekeeping industry right now. Honey is not paying the bills. Most beekeepers could not be profitable producing honey alone. [narrator] At around $200 per hive, a beekeeper can make tens of thousands of dollars from their bees in a few weeks. Enough to keep their honey operations from failing. [Lloyd] Every one of those sticks out there is a small almond tree. They just keep planting them. Guys are out there working in the field right now. They just keep tearing out more... crops, and putting in almonds. There's such a market for them. I don't know how long it can last, but they got a lot of almond trees planted in this country. [narrator] Chances are, it's going to last a while. Trends in healthy eating are driving many consumers toward almond milk and almond flour. All of this has been a windfall for the almond business. And those millions of trees can't make almonds unless their blossoms are visited by honeybees. [quiet buzzing] [Buzz] We put in about 3,000 hives into the almonds. At two hives an acre, that does about 1,500 acres. So we're just inspecting the bees, the colonies. We're feeding them because it's been cold and wet. We supplement them with the sugar syrup. The almond trees don't put out a lot of nectar. They do a lot of pollen. They're burning more calories than they're bringing in, so they start using up their stores rapidly, this time of the year. So the bloom is moving along pretty rapidly. They will be here ten days to two weeks, then we'll be moving them out. [narrator] Nature usually provides enough bees to pollinate any ordinary orchard. But thousands of trees require bees by the truckload. There are about two and a half million hives in the US. Every January, most of them are loaded onto trucks... and brought here to pollinate California's almond farms. [mandolin and harp music] [woman] A lot of beekeepers now are migratory. They come as far as Pennsylvania, Florida, to California, to pollinate the almonds. -[woman] Enjoy your stay. -I will. [woman] How long are you going to be here? -Probably today. -Then home? -Then home. -[woman] OK. Enjoy. Most large commercial beekeeping operations feel that it's a necessity that they migrate their bees to the Central Valley of California in February and March, each year. [narrator] This annual migration may be saving the honey business, but it also puts it at very real risk. For one month every year, much of the pollinating power in the US, crucial for foods from apples to broccoli to strawberries, is brought to one tiny pocket of the country. All the hives coming here is, like, bringing all the problems from different places, you know? It's like bringing everybody from the airport all into your home. [Lloyd] Your bees come and get mixed with bees from all over the United States. And you get too much livestock in one area, and you can pass the diseases back and forth amongst them. [Clint] It's an intensely agricultural area. There are a lot of chemicals being used. There are fungicides that are often sprayed in the almond grove during the time that the bees are pollinating the almonds. It can be very deadly for the honeybee colonies, and then even more costly for the beekeeper who shipped bees across the country to get them there to do the pollination job. [narrator] In January 2017, beekeepers' fears about concentrating so many bees in one place were realized, but not in a way that most had expected. I'm considered a honey producer. I'm not really a pollinator. But prices of honey the last couple of years, they started sliding. The reason we came to California this year was to make up for the short honey crop that we had last summer in Montana. We didn't come last year. We stayed home with our bees and kept them in a big building over winter. But this year we thought we'd try to cash in on the pollination money. [woman] I've known Lloyd probably 30 years. Our agreement is that I would take care of his bees here, place them in the orchards. They came in a semi, and we placed them in one of our bee yards, and then he flew out and they started what we call "working them." [Lloyd] I'm medicating them and feeding them syrup. I never have good luck with the bees. Their health, they seem to go backwards when they get down here. This year was different. The bees looked good. That first day we worked on half the bees. I went home that night, called my wife back home, and told her that the bees looked good, that we were looking good for the spring. They were superior. I never had bees like that. Monday morning, Casey and I came out here and we started working here. This was the first location where the bees were sitting. There was 120 colonies of bees here. But they're spread out. The bees are dropped off in these four different drops. There's 120 colonies in a drop. The next morning we came out at 8:30 in the morning. A really foggy day, that day. We just drove down this road. I get a phone call from him around eight o'clock and he says, "Where are my bees?" And I thought he was joking with me. I said, "You're pulling my leg." And he said, "No. They're gone. They're not here anymore." [Lloyd] And every place where they were sitting the day before, they were gone. It is devastating because for him, it was everything he had. Then she called the Sheriff's Department and had them come out. So we just waited around here, and while we were waiting, we got to snooping and walking around, and we found the labeling the Strachans had put on the side of the hives that had their name and their contact numbers and stuff. So when they came, they peeled all the evidence off. They had time to do that, so it had to be a pretty good-sized crew of guys. Probably at least four guys, I would think. [narrator] Lloyd Cunniff learned that his bees were only the latest stolen in a string of hive heists in almond country stretching back four years. [man] Based on the information, we believe that it's another beekeeper. It's kind of the perfect crime, because you have to know how to handle bees and have the equipment to move and transport those bees. [Lloyd] Just figure, an average honey crop off of those colonies of bees would be over $100,000. Pollination money is obviously gone, because I never did it. Somebody else got paid for it. The reason I wanted to tell this story is I wanted to get the word out to try to save somebody else from going through this. [birds chirping] [narrator] In May 2017, news outlets reported that police had found over 2,000 hives stolen from sites in California's Central Valley. [reporter] It wasn't the sound, but rather the sight of these mismatched beehives that drew attention and ultimately helped crack a massive heist. [narrator] Police identified two suspects: Pavel Tveretinov and Vitaliy Yeroshenko. Tveretinov is a honey broker whose own pollination business had closed two years before. Both men were charged with nine counts of receiving stolen property. Police recovered 2,500 beehives worth an estimated $875,000, which had been stolen over a three-year period. But even in the wake of this bald-faced bee larceny, most beekeepers remained helplessly hooked on the almond money. But not all. [Clint] A few years ago, we decided we would like to try to take ourselves out of the pollination treadmill. We wanted to explore a different business model where we could be closer to home, closer to our customer that's buying our honey, producing honey more locally. And so about six years ago, we stopped going to California almonds for pollination and the bees tend to be healthier over the course of the year. People come to us for honey that was produced by our bees on the honey farm. The customer we love is the one we interact with, we get to educate about honey. [Clint] See them dancing? Here's one right here. She's trying to tell the other bees what to go get, and what direction. -Look at that one. -They dance. [boy] Does it change? It changes according to the direction she is trying to send them. More of us are wanting to buy food that we know the source of, that was produced sustainably and ethically. Would you try our local wildflower? Sure. [Clint] This is what the bees produce right here on the black land, a few miles from the shop. -Isn't that a nice honey? -The one I want. -Can we have it? -[Clint] Can you have it? You can taste any honey I've got. [narrator] Between foreign competition, honey adulteration, agricultural pressures, and outlying crimes like the California bee heists, beekeepers can be forgiven for worrying that their business may be too challenging to survive. [harp music] [Lloyd] With the beekeeping industry in general, all the issues of transshipment and adulteration really create a situation in which it's very difficult for any beekeeping operation to be financially successful as a honey-production-only model. [narrator] And yet the romance of the bees still works its magic. Many of those who make our honey do it not for great profits, but because there is still an ancient and serene mystery to the process. [Norberto] When you speak to a person that doesn't know anything about bees, but you tell that you are a beekeeper, immediately that person becomes interested and wants to ask more and more, and I think that is the romance of beekeeping. In part it is a commercial activity, but in part... it's a way of living. [tense orchestral music] Surf the internet with browser of future osdb.link/brave 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 