Rotten: Season 1, Episode 5 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Rotten 
 s1e5 - Milk Money - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Rotten (2018–2019): Season 1, Episode 5 - Milk Money - full transcript 
 Changing diets and dramatic price swings have put dairy farmers on the ropes and fueled a surge in lucrative but controversial raw milk sales. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 [moody guitar music] When I was a kid, having a glass of milk three times a day was, like, a no-brainer. [narrator] You're drinking a lot less milk than you used to. And your local dairy farmer knows it. People just don't realize that we're fading. You used to be able to be this big, happy family that stayed home together all the time, that worked together all the time. That's not the case anymore. [narrator] The great age of the family dairy farm is over. [cows mooing] [narrator] What was once an iconic way of life 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 is now more like a money-losing hobby. If you eat food, this is an issue you need to worry about. [narrator] In as little as ten years, farms like this might well be gone. So farmers are learning to follow the money. Our raw milk sales are like this. Pasteurized milk sales are like this. Raw milk, legal or illegal, there's a huge demand at a very high price. That's an incredible phenomenon. [narrator] But we don't know exactly where the money leads. You're playing with fire, doing raw milk. [narrator] Is raw milk the salvation of the traditional family dairy? [man] Raw milk is decisive in terms of turning off asthma, eczema and allergies, and ear infections and nasal infections for children. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 [narrator] Or is it a high-priced fad, delivering sickness and suffering to the most vulnerable among us? Can you live with yourself when a child dies from your milk? [tense orchestral music] [motor revving] [man] One thing about Pennsylvania, we have rough roads, here and there. [mooing] [mooing] Come on, girls, let's go. [eerie folk music] [man] My ancestors came to Wayne County in the 1850s because there was opportunity here and there were jobs here, and there was a way for a better life here. So that's where our family started in the United States. Everything ready to go in there, Nick? [narrator] In some ways, Brian Smith's life is much like that of his forefathers. [Brian] I go to the barn first thing in the morning. Let them go, Nick. Nick is my son in-law. My dad's day is crazy. He starts at three o'clock in the morning, and he's up and going and milking. Come on, girls. [narrator] In other ways, the Smith farm is a very modern affair. The herd is milked 12 at a time in a fully-automated milking parlor. [Brian] Even as a child I always was up early. I had my first pony when I was four years old, so, you know, I just took a liking to animals. I always have liked animals, so this is kind of a nice life. We come back here and do this at night, so it is twice a day that we do this. [narrator] Each cow takes only five to seven minutes to milk, and produces about seven gallons a day. That's nearly 25% more milk than her grandmother did, only 15 years ago. But even that jump in productivity will probably not save family farms. Normally, in a good business time, you could pay your bills and have a bit left at the end of the month. We're coming out of a hard time here. We're not even out of a hard time. Hopefully, prices will come around. It's a little bit discouraging when you can't make any money. Come on, girls. Come on. [machines whirring] [Brian] I'll scrape down. You can shut this off. [narrator] Most family farms don't sell their own milk. They pool it with other farms into cooperatives, which find buyers and handle sales. [man] One of the very first arrangements that were made, going back to the early 1800s, was farmers getting together to say, "Let's market our milk together." The milk bulk tank cools the milk down to... You want to run it between 36, 38 degrees. If you get up above 40 degrees, the milk starts to build bacteria in it. We usually ship just a hair over 5,000 pounds every two days, and then the milk truck driver pumps it out of the truck. Every other day. [man] The largest dairy co-ops also have their own processing capacities. In some cases, they own branded dairy products. So, they will take milk from the farm, take it to their own processing facility, make it into products and market it. [narrator] In the last 40 years, the amount of milk Americans drink has dropped by more than a third. But milk is now a global commodity. The Smith farm's milk might be turned into soft-serve mix, yogurt, or cheese, exported to Mexico or South Korea. Or it may be dehydrated to a non-perishable powder and shipped to giant new customers like China or Indonesia. What the farmer is paid for the milk is pegged to worldwide supply and demand. Strong years of high demand and high prices are inevitably followed by years of milk glut, rock-bottom returns, and waves of farm closings. I always tell people that because I'm a dairy farmer, I deal with a lot of crap. [Andrew Novakovic] In farmers' memories, dairy was the definition of stability. One of the reasons why you liked being a dairy farmer is, it wasn't very risky. [Brian] Come on, girls, don't stand here. [Andrew] If you took care of your cows, they'd produce milk. You could sell it. Prices wouldn't make you rich, but you would be fine. A lot of these smaller farms may net ten, $20,000 a year, on average, so that would put them half of what the median household family income is. [Andrew] If you're a small farm, you can probably get by with family labor especially if you've got kids at home. It's basically a family enterprise. Ever since I can remember, we were always in the barn. If we weren't doing chores, we were running around, playing. When we got old enough to be able to do chores, we would feed calves or scrape down manure, bed cows, clean calf pens... Just odds and ends things that Mom and Dad needed help with. [Brian] Come on. Hurry it up. Come on, girls, let's go. Come on, bully. [Leslie Lopatofsky] There have been ups and downs over the years. I would say more ups than downs. The biggest memory that I have of a down, is, farming got so tough to maintain that we sold our cows. Definitely a very sad day. For everybody. Fortunately, a few years later, we were able to bring cows back on. [Brian] OK. You're good to go, Nick? So, I'm going to head up, alright? Alright. [motor revving] [Brian] I've always had another job... to pay for the farm that I bought, to have the family that I wanted to have, to have the quality of life I wanted to have. That wasn't going to happen from just milking cows. It's fairly typical for one member of the household to have an off-farm job to provide income to support the family. [Brian] I started driving a school bus, like, back in 1985. And we're off. I've had other jobs off and on, but the school bus job is something that, once I became a contractor, I just continued to be an owner-operator, and drive every day. [Andrew Novakovic] It's not feasible to make a living with milking 50 cows. You can probably get your health care through that job you have on the side, and make ends meet. [narrator] But even the willingness of farm families to sacrifice is no longer enough. Since the year 2000, around 30,000 dairy farms in the US have sold their cows and closed their doors. In Wayne County alone, where there used to be 1,200 dairy farms, now there are fewer than 60. Most table milk is now produced in so-called "factory farms," containing hundreds and even thousands of cows, where the economy of scale makes the operation profitable. [Brian] I used to see hundreds of dairy cattle. Off to our right here there was a dairy farm, back the road, there, was a dairy farm, back in here, there was a dairy farm... all of which have closed up now. It doesn't seem to matter which road I take. There are dairy farms that are no longer in operation. [narrator] For much of the 20th century, the federal government used generous price controls to protect dairy farmers from volatile milk markets. [Charles] Back in the 1980s, the heyday of price support in the US, we were actually setting a minimum price that made it very profitable for the vast majority of dairy farmers. Cheese! More than a quarter of a million tons of cheese. Mountains of surplus cheese piling up in refrigerated warehouses. Other products as well, bought under the Dairy Price Support Program. [narrator] With their profits safe from market fluctuations, farmers produced more and more surplus milk. The government agreed to absorb all of it. By the 1980s, the US was spending over $2 billion a year, holding up the dairy industry. Stockpiles began to rot. [newsreader] A growing number of dairymen say high government prices are a form of welfare for dairy farmers. It keeps inefficient producers in business by... paying an inflated price on their product. [Andrew Novakovic] That terminated around 1990. And that's actually driven a lot by a political philosophy that says we should be less involved in the marketplace. [Andrew] And then in 1996, the WTO opened up dairy markets in the US quite a bit, and in so doing, exposed us not just to the ebb and flow of US markets, but actually the ebb and flow of world markets. [Charles Nicholson] Twenty years ago we were a very minor player in terms of our sales to export markets. Fast forward, we've exported in recent years as much as 15% of our dairy production, and we're a much bigger player in terms of, we're supplying the world market. [Andrew] We started to see a very dramatic increase in the volatility of milk prices. Prices changed by a large amount, from high to low. They changed somewhat unpredictably. You couldn't really tell much more than six months in advance, make a guess what the price would be. [narrator] Today, milk prices are set using a unique, government-created formula that fluctuates along with commodity markets and is then adjusted according to market demand, region and other factors. It's so hard to predict that most farmers don't even try. It's milk roulette, and a lot of farmers lose. Bad years in 2009 and 2012 helped drive many farmers out of the business. Then, to everyone's surprise, came 2014. In 2014 we had a confluence of events that gave us a record high. [narrator] Demand at the supermarket pushed shelf prices to more than $3.5 a gallon. Mexico's appetite for cheese and milk powder soared. China bought almost twice as much American butter as the year before. 2014 was a record-setting year for dairy prices in the US. There was great rejoicing and people were saying, "Yeah, this is really how it should be. This is the profitability that we should expect." [narrator] Farmers sell their milk not by volume but by weight, a hundred pounds at a time, or a "hundredweight." In 2014, the money a farmer got per hundredweight jumped by almost a quarter. The future looked bright. My husband and I decided to start our own farm. I'm excited that my children are going to grow up on a farm. It teaches you everything you need to know for life. The beauty of life. It teaches you the bad, because you see it all. It teaches you life and death... everything. It teaches you how to work. It teaches you that you have responsibilities, no matter what's going on. It keeps you grounded, it really does. That calf there is really young, so she doesn't know enough to come over and get fed yet. I have to grab another bottle for her. And she's two days old. [narrator] Leslie and her husband bought at the height of the market in 2014. But half a world away, trouble was brewing for American farmers. China's economy slowed, and Chinese buyers imported less. And plenty of what they did buy, they got from nearby New Zealand, a dairy powerhouse. And then the news got worse. [muffled talking in Russian] [narrator] Russia invaded Crimea: a geopolitical crisis with surprising implications for the milk world. [Andrew] The Western world reacted very strongly to that, imposed embargoes, and Russia, in a counter move, said, "We're not going to buy your dairy," and shut the door. And suddenly Lithuania loses its biggest customer. Today, the biggest customer for Lithuanian butter is the United States of America, and this is because Lithuanians had to find new markets. So you have Russia tightening up, you have China cooling off, you have Europe growing, you have a good year in New Zealand, and the next thing you know, we've got a supply-and-demand imbalance. [narrator] Some regions saw a radical drop in profits. In New England, the profitability of a small farm fell 99 percent in a single year. The shock was worldwide. Protests broke out across France, some of them violent. [sirens blaring] [yelling] [Leslie] We were getting paid almost $29 a hundred. Our last paycheck for milk that we got was $18 a hundred. That's a huge profit loss. Huge. [atmospheric guitar music] [narrator] It's generally agreed that a small farm needs to earn about $22 a hundredweight to stay in the black. It's been two years since milk brought in that much. Families are supporting farms. Farms are no longer supporting families. Which is part of the reason that it's so tough. [mooing] [Leslie] You used to be able to be this big, happy family that stayed home together all the time, that worked together all the time. That's not the case anymore. [narrator] In a last effort to save their farm, the Smith family has combined two businesses into one. [Brian] Leslie and Nick will be staying with us. We brought their herd in. I think that that will help cut costs, to the point where, if possible, we can sustain this business for some time. It used to be, if you were a hard worker, you could be a dairy farmer. Get up early, get calluses on your hand, work until the job is done, you'll be OK. Working hard isn't enough. Now, you also have to work smart. These are the cows. [narrator] In 2016, Chaz Self and his wife Megan leased a dairy farm in New Holstein, Wisconsin. [Chaz calls the cows] [narrator] They knew exactly what they were getting themselves into. There has to be someone that's willing to keep the fight alive, and we're willing to keep the fight alive. [boy babbles] Yeah. Yes, say hup, remember? And I am doing this based on the fact that I have the leverage of proving that you can do this successfully. The smart farmer thinks about ways of positioning his product not just as milk from a cow. Producing something they make on a farm and can command a higher price for. We are certified organic. We have our grade A license. The drive for organic is huge right now. I think most people know that organic is the future of farming. Am I saying organic is going to solve the world's problems? Absolutely not. But it is a step in the right direction. [narrator] Organic milk commands less than ten percent of the fluid milk market. But even as our fluid milk consumption is dropping, consumer trends favoring foods seen as healthy are steadily growing the organic sector. Come on, beautifuls, hup! Selling organic milk actually tends to return you a much higher price. [narrator] For organic milk, Megan and Chaz can get more than twice the revenue that conventional milk brings in: up to $45 per hundredweight. And the price Chaz gets is locked in with his distributor for two years at a time. That might be a winning formula for small farms nationwide, except converting from conventional milk to certified organic is costly and challenging. [Charles] You would actually need to have some financing, to be able to allow you to make that kind of transition. That's one of the big impediments. [narrator] Chaz and Megan bought into a farm that was already organic. Looking the way I am, most don't think I'm a dairy farmer! I was a vegan. I realized that I had no idea where my food was coming from. I enrolled in a farm management degree, as well as getting employed on a 350-cow dairy herd. I remember, and I will always remember the feeling of having the ability to feel like, "I'm actually taking care of something." That was really the most important part, to me, to become a dairy farmer. Most young farmers that get into it, if they do want a dairy farm, inherit it from Mom or Dad, or Uncle or Aunt. [Megan] We didn't inherit a farm. The loans that we took out are low-interest loans, but they're still substantial. We do iodine first, the first thing. Then we take towels and we wipe the iodine down. If it's really dirty or it's a really wet season, you dip them twice, depending. That milk has been sitting in that nipple, so we clear the nipples out, to make sure that first couple squirts doesn't go in the tank. Currently we're milking 35. All Jersey cows. CJ is my favorite. She's just the nicest, and if you don't pet her in the morning she gets all ornery at you, and she's just a very friendly cow, great milker, really good with her babies. She's just, all around, just a wonderful cow. Hi, Choppies! Good boy. Good boy. [Chaz] With organic you get paid significantly higher, almost always, compared to conventional. And then the real thought behind that was to allow the most nutrient-dense product, directly right to the customer. It really came and stemmed from the fact of the viable cash flow. Let's just get down to it. [narrator] But Chaz and Megan are not relying only on organic milk for their long-term security. For any dairy farmer, there is always the lure of a highly profitable product, a milk that is guaranteed to bring in an even higher price than organic. And every farm is overflowing with it: raw milk. The milk gets pumped through the double barrel system, and so cold water rushes against the pipe inside, and that cools the milk on the way to the tank, so that milk stays as fresh as it can be, right in the tank. [narrator] Raw milk is not a new product. It's simply milk straight from the cow. It's also considered a vector for disease by public health officials. Selling it is illegal in 15 states, and it's banned from being sold across state lines. [Andrew] There is a great deal of concern about the safety of raw milk, and an absolutely unequivocal assessment by food scientists and food safety specialists, that you're playing with fire when you're doing raw milk. [narrator] At the turn of the 20th century, milk was a leading cause of foodborne illnesses: tuberculosis, typhoid fever, diphtheria, scarlet fever, anthrax. As people moved from the country to the city, they brought cows with them, and the danger increased. A key food for very young children was killing them. In some cities, infant mortality was as high as 30%. [man] 150 years ago, we started to realize this concept of germ theory. There are these little tiny, living organisms that are out there, that cause disease. There is contagion in milk. Well, what do we do about it? The idea of heat started to gain real merit. We realized that we could eliminate this threat of the disease-causing organisms in milk and other dairy products. This was a solution. [narrator] Louis Pasteur patented his heating techniques in 1873, and gave his name to the process. The science of pasteurization has remained much the same for 150 years. So we receive raw milk from trucks that deliver it three to five times a week, and we pump it into these large vessels here. So these tanks essentially hold raw milk that we're going to eventually process. For the strawberry milk, you're heating the milk up to 161 degrees Fahrenheit, minimally, and you're holding it minimally for 15 seconds. [narrator] The heat kills virtually all of the dangerous bacteria in raw milk. The first municipal laws requiring pasteurization in the US were passed in Chicago in 1908. After the 1930s, milk went from causing 25% of food-borne illness, to 1%. But in spite of the efforts of public health officials, the sale of unpasteurized milk was never banned nationwide. And now, it's enjoying a comeback. More than that, really. It's something of a movement. Some raw milk buyers say they drink it for its richer and creamier taste. But many believe that raw milk has unique health benefits. That it contains enzymes and bacteria which can fight asthma, allergies, and skin conditions like eczema. It's so enjoyable to have someone come to the farm and be, "Oh, I love raw milk. I want to try raw milk. I want to be part of this movement. I want to nurture it." And one of the things that a lot of researchers come to, which they're going to say is not true: how healthy people become. And so when you're constantly giving your immune system bacteria that is good for you, your immunity starts to build up like crazy. And a lot of the greatest things for us, when we sell raw milk, is a lot of the old-timers. "Oh, I grew up with raw milk and I'm healthy as can be." [Scott Rankin] So, if we take a thousand raw milk drinkers and said, "Look, what are the benefits from it?" we would have a long list of things that they would say. But if we take that anecdotal evidence and apply it towards mainstream engines of science, we just don't find evidence. [narrator] The health benefits may be unproven, but a farmer can charge as much as $9 a gallon for it. And that money can make a family farm a viable financial enterprise. [Chaz] Dairy has always been a part of what I love. I just didn't see how I could honestly do it. The option was there because of raw milk, as well as our on-farm store. [Megan] I focus on the store and the customers. We have customers who come for multiple different reasons. -[Megan] How was your drive? -[lady] Not too bad. It's a nice day to drive today. Medicine has failed them and they're sick. And they view that raw milk will help and benefit them. This little girl is Samaya. She's my one-year-old daughter. She was under three pounds when she was born at 27 weeks, and I knew that I didn't want to have her on commercial formula. I couldn't produce hardly anything. So I've been giving her, since she's been out of hospital, formula that simulates breast milk. Raw milk is the basis of it, so... It's been going on a year. As you can see, growing, and thriving, really well. Yeah. She's almost... She's basically off of the premature chart and now in with the term babies, so I hold a lot of that to the raw milk formula and all the benefits that come from it. You're growing so big and strong! Yeah. What a cutie. [Toyin] Say hi. [narrator] Today's farm is much cleaner and safer than a century ago. But pathogens like salmonella, campylobacter, and E. coli can still thrive in the dairy farm environment. A US government study found that only 3% of milk consumers drink raw milk. But four out of five milk-borne pathogen outbreaks are linked to raw milk. So there are about a dozen or so bacteria that we routinely encounter human pathogens in raw milk. So it causes real illness. Who is most likely to succumb to these illnesses? The very young, the very old, immuno-compromised individuals. So these are not... stories that you want in your history. And so that's the risk. [Chaz] I think raw milk can hurt people if it's not done properly. Not being all on the farmer, also on the consumer. If you're going to walk up to some random person, then I think it can hurt people. I don't see anything on our end to worry about, because I deal with how we are making and producing the milk, and our cows are getting the most nutrition possible to begin with, and they're healthy. And so that product is also a healthy product. [narrator] Eleven states permit the sale of raw milk at retail stores. Wisconsin is not one of them. [interviewer] Is what you're doing in Wisconsin legal? Currently, what we are doing... can be thought as legal. Yes. Would we have a nightmare if we have to go to court? Absolutely, yes. [narrator] And the state has shown its willingness to send gun-toting health agents to shut down raw milk sellers. [eerie guitar music] [Chaz] The fear is always there. We call it the cloud. Everyone has the cloud. If there would be some way for the state to work with us, which we've approached them about, it would save our business. If I could come back and start promoting what we do and how we do things, and educate people legally, my sales would double. I know they would. But I can't go those routes yet. Every day, I worry! I'm a worrier by nature. I'm a worrier. I'm a mother and a worrier. But I believe it's right. I really do believe it's right, and the people that come, they want it, they need it, and they're passionate for it. [Chaz] We're a big target, and we know we're a big target. Why take this step? The fact that I know what I'm doing is helping people. I know I'm nourishing, and I know I'm doing the best at it. I am not in the wrong, and I know that that's the key factor to this. I'm not dealing cocaine. I'm not moving drugs. I'm not doing anything. I'm providing a product that people can choose, if they want, to nourish their body with. [Scott] We just don't see this difference, this huge advantage to raw milk, that in any way competes with the real risk, the very known risk, very well-defined risk of someone succumbing to a pathogen. [narrator] Raw milk has long been popular in Europe, a fact which advocates here in the US point to as proof of its safety. [in Spanish] I love fresh milk. I love it. [narrator] But in the last few years, European health agencies have been tightening regulations of raw milk, and some public milk dispensing machines now carry warnings to pasteurize before drinking. If raw milk is a serious public health risk, then the Self family is small potatoes. There are dairies in America that are putting much more raw milk in the marketplace. And they're not doing it under a cloud of fear. This beautiful place is our new milk barn, which we've been dreaming about for 15 years, and now we're finally done. We're starting to milk in the next two days. We're on a hill, so the manure and the water flows away from where we're milking the cows. So the water goes down the hill to a sump-pump, which gets back to the pastures. [narrator] Mark McAfee is the founder of Organic Pastures, the largest raw milk dairy in the country. He has roughly 1,200 cattle and is milking about 500 at any given time. They produce about 90,000 gallons of milk a month. The first thing they walk into is a sprinkler pen. Where they get a nice little shower, and that keeps them very clean. It also completely disrupts the belly flies, so there's no belly flies on our cattle. In an organic environment you can't spray them or give them some kind of medical treatment. [machines hum] [Mark] When we started we had five employees. Now we have 105. [narrator] California is one of the states which places few restrictions on raw milk. McAfee can sell his product, retail, as fast as his cows can make it. If you look back at the 1870s, 1880s, yes, raw milk was very dangerous in certain areas, New York, Boston, Philadelphia, where cows were milked in filthy conditions. No hot water, no cleansers, no stainless steel, no rubber. And the people that were milking the cows were ill. Some had tuberculosis, typhoid fever. The milking conditions were horrendous. Those cows made a lot of people sick. A lot of people died when consuming that raw milk. But that was in 1870s and '80s and '90s. That was over 130 years ago. [narrator] Like Chaz and Megan Self, McAfee started his farm as an organic dairy. But he quickly saw that the market was ripe for a large-scale purveyor of raw milk, and that customers would pay. Alta Dena, the biggest raw milk producer in North America, selling raw milk in Los Angeles, went out of business. So people started showing up at our dairy saying, "We want your milk raw." When we heard this, we realized, "You know what? Why don't we take raw milk to Los Angeles and meet a whole lot of people?" So we took our Suburban we had at the time. We filled an ice chest with half gallons of raw milk that we bottled by hand out of our bulk tank, and we drove it down to Los Angeles. By the time we got to Los Angeles, literally every gallon of milk was sold. People were calling us on cellphones, saying, "We want some. We want some." We went to a little place called The Garage in Venice Beach. And as we pulled up, there were at least a hundred people, maybe more. It's hard to imagine how excited people were about this shipment of raw milk. And so when we left, my wife and I looked at each other. "What just happened? What just happened? We have thousands of dollars in our hands and we have so many happy people. People want raw milk." [boy wheezing] [machine beeping] [woman] Chris was seven and a half when he became ill. It was spring of 2006. We went into the health food store that we had been shopping at for years. And they had these large signs hanging in the window, banner-type, on vinyl, advertising that they were selling raw milk now, and that if you had digestive issues, allergies, asthma, that the milk would help with that. So that's what gave me the idea of maybe switching to trying the raw milk for Chris, because he was congested all the time. So the first week, I bought a quart of milk. He's such a picky eater, I wasn't sure-- would he like it? So he did. Bought it the second week, he still liked it. So the third week, I bought a half gallon. He got a little headache and wasn't feeling good after taekwondo. And then that Wednesday, he stayed home from school, and he just... didn't feel great. Thursday, he went to my mother-in-law's, and in the morning, he threw up and had diarrhea. So the next time, I had lined the toilet with a plastic bag so that he would go and I could look. And the next time he went, it was all blood. [machine beeping] [Mary] The first couple of days in the hospital, they put us in an isolated room with a sign to let people know he could be contagious, because they did not know what he had. And then the doctor came in and she says, "Your son is very, very ill. He has developed something called hemolytic-uremic syndrome, and we are going to flight-lift him to Los Angeles, and this is something that he could die from." So that's when things just... turned. So they had to put a catheter in him. And... that was horrible. He was going into kidney failure. And they immediately did emergency kidney dialysis on him. He had to have chest tubes put in his side to drain fluid. And of course, they were extremely, extremely concerned. And he lasted another day before they had to intubate him. His heart rate got up to like, 180, and he just couldn't fight anymore. This was, I believe, day nine. He just... he had nothing left in him. So the machines took over. And they intubated him and fed him intravenously, and he was like that for five days. [wheezing] [narrator] Hemolytic-uremic syndrome, or HUS, is the most common cause of kidney failure among children. And it is usually caused by infection with the E. coli bacterium. I was down in the waiting room and I overheard a mom talking on her phone. And what she was describing was hemolytic-uremic syndrome. So when I got off, I went up to her and I said, "Does your daughter have HUS?" And she says, "Yes." This was the same time the spinach outbreak was happening. The spinach outbreak just was coming on the news. The 14th of September. And I met her on the 17th and I said, "Did your daughter eat the spinach?" And she says, "No, raw milk." And I said, "My son drank raw milk too. Is it Organic Pastures?" And she said, "Yes." [narrator] The California Department of Food and Agriculture closed Organic Pastures' bottling facility for eight days, and ordered a recall of all raw milk and cream. [Mary Martin] Mark McAfee came down to visit. He saw me in the hallway and we had a discussion. I really had a lot of compassion for him, thinking what he must have been going through, realizing that his dairy probably got the children sick. He was sure that it was not his milk. [Mark] They never found E. coli O157:H7 in our milk here. So there was never any connection, but it was circumstantial enough. It appeared that it was. And looking back on it, it probably was, because it was not the same fingerprint in the spinach. Same E. coli, but different fingerprint. So it wouldn't be the same. And so the children that had E. coli did not have matching fingerprints either. One didn't have any fingerprint, one did. Both drank raw milk. So circumstantially, I have to own it. [narrator] In all, six children got sick after drinking Organic Pastures milk in 2006. Two of them developed life-threatening cases of HUS. Both survived. [father] What are we doing today? [Mary] He's not speaking. [father] Is today the day we go home? It's just pieces of memory. Just... some of them, I can't pinpoint what time they were, but some of them I can, depending on how well I was doing. I remember learning to walk again, because I was in bed for a month, and my body just kind of... was weak. I didn't remember how to walk. I remember the physical therapists walking me a little bit, and I remember walking out of the hospital. -[Mary] The timing couldn't be better. -[friend] Exactly. [father] Can you wave, Chris? Hey, go stand under your sign. [Mary] Yeah, will you go stand under your sign? [father] Look at that! [Mary] We've just got to get you in there. Please, stop! -[father] Turn around. -[Mary] See you! I stopped being really interested in a lot of stuff. I had a lot of panic attacks, and what I called flashbacks from the hospital. Like, little things would remind me about being in the hospital, and I would just start crying. And I still hate the smell of hospitals and that would just set me off. [Mark] I regret that it happened. But at the same time, it's spawned an entirely new generation of awareness and also consciousness and science about how you do raw milk properly. We weren't testing our milk, but we learned from that, and I no longer deny that raw milk can make you sick. So, that led... to me also filing a claim against him. I knew it was his milk that made these people ill, and I wanted to prove that it was his milk. [Mark] We now use BAX-PCR testing. It's one of the tools we have to test for pathogens. And also, we test for coliforms, which is an overall indicator of sanitation. So we have very sanitary milk and pathogen-free milk. And together that makes it a low risk food product. [atmospheric music] [Mary] More outbreaks started happening. In 2011, they had their second E. coli outbreak. It was very similar to the 2006, in the number of children ill and developing HUS. And then they had another outbreak in 2016 and more children became ill. Every test we have, negative. Thousands and thousands. One popped up positive, but for some reason we did not detect it, because that cow snuck into a bulk tank that for some reason, that we either had a false return on a negative, or the sampling technique somehow did not detect her. But it caught her on the next milking, and we isolated her immediately and everything stopped. But that one milking, we did not catch that cow through our testing program. And that milk escaped on one of the routes. [interviewer] You tested for E. coli but didn't pick it up? Correct. But it did pick it up the next day. So these tests are not perfect. They're very accurate, but not perfect. [narrator] Organic Pastures has settled at least four lawsuits against them. When I hear about another kid... getting sick from raw milk, I feel really sad. I feel sad for the child, for the parents, I feel sad for everybody that knows that child and that family. I mean, I get a little angry, just that that is happening again to somebody else, but yeah, that's how I feel when I hear about that. [Mary] Even though his kidneys are working, we don't know how many of his filters were scarred and damaged. Does he have the kidneys of a 50-year-old? So he will always have to monitor his kidneys. He'll always have to have a good diet. We talk to him. You can never afford to drink alcohol in your life. So he will always have this for the rest of his life. I am angry at Mark. Even though I understand his perspective, it still isn't right. [interviewer] What would you say to him? I would say to Mark, please stop. Please. Don't... make another person have to go through what I went through. We're not going to stop, no way. We're helping many other children. You've got thousands of moms saying, "Don't you ever, ever, not let my children have raw milk, because they get ear infections, nasal infections, all kinds of flare-ups when they don't get raw milk." What Mary says... I love her to death, give her a kiss and a hug... is not representative of a balanced approach to what's going on. Her family was affected. She was affected. Her son was affected. She's got to be a passionate, pissed-off mom. I get that. I respect that. I would be passionate and upset if my child was affected the same way. But you have to take this in balance, and if you're gonna produce food, realize there's rare cases where somebody's going to get sick. [narrator] According to the Centers for Disease Control, with every new state that allows raw milk sales, the number of outbreaks increases. And drinking raw milk is 150 times more likely to result in some form of illness than commercial milk. Today, Organic Pastures' estimated annual revenues are over $10 million. I don't have anything against people getting to the value-added product of raw milk. I don't have a problem with that. I don't have a problem with any farmer doing anything that adds value to their operation and makes them successful. I really don't. [narrator] Brian Smith ran for County Commissioner of Wayne County in 2007, in hopes of giving a dairyman a say in government affairs. He won. So now, he has three jobs. [Brian] I feel like we need representation, and I was looking at the people who were running for office and didn't feel as though that representation was adequately there. Have a good day. When you begin to look at the crippling financial situations of people who can accurately represent farmers, they certainly can't afford to run for a political office. Hey. How are you? My goal is to continue to talk to people, continue to talk to our legislators... It is a shame that when you work so hard, the money is not there to sustain that business. If your measure of the vitality of the dairy industry is something like sales, I'm very optimistic. I think the industry's gonna continue to grow. If the question about, "What's the future of the dairy industry, and how optimistic should we be?" hinges on maintaining a certain kind of a farm with a certain kind of production technique, OK, then maybe we have to recalibrate. [atmospheric guitar] [chattering] Mammy. [narrator] For more than two years, milk prices have been below break-even for the family of Brian Smith. That puts pressure on them to cut their losses in a way that is both reassuring and troubling. The dairy herd in the United States is one of the biggest beef herds in the world. We're all raising beef. We just milk cows for beer money. [narrator] For many years, bull calves born on dairy farms have been sold for veal. But recently, consumers have developed a taste for older dairy cattle. It is no longer impossible that the burger on your plate was putting milk in your glass just a few weeks ago. As much as 11% of the beef in the US now comes from dairy farms. We have to separate those calves out of that pen tomorrow. And I think we should think about selling some of them. [Brian] What about that bull? [Leslie] He's huge, so I didn't think he was going for beef. He's young. [narrator] In a pinch, a milk farmer can sacrifice an animal for the good of the farm. It means cash, as well as one less mouth to feed. But it's a hard decision for those who have spent their lives caring for animals. [Leslie] I thought the cattle dealer was buying him. He doesn't want him. He's too big for him. If he was half the size, he would take him. So he's going to go for beef either way. He's part of the beef herd. Let him go. What difference does it make? Well, it's just the thought. [Leslie] We don't want to sell our cows. We raised most of them from the day they are born, until the day they have to go. You don't give up on things that you love. [Brian] You do what you do because it's something you can do. Come on, Daddy. Your turn. [Brian] And it's something that you can pass on. It's something that, you can go out in public and feel like you're real, and that you're providing something, and that you've achieved something, and that you are working for the greater good. [excited laughter] She took, like, four steps! [baby giggles] [tense music] Surf the internet with browser of future osdb.link/brave 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 