Carmen Sandiego: Season 3, Episode 1 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Carmen Sandiego 
 s3e1 - The Luchadora Tango Caper - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Carmen Sandiego (2019–…): Season 3, Episode 1 - The Luchadora Tango Caper - full transcript 
 Carmen searches for clues to her mother's identity in Veracruz, Mexico, where she befriends a masked wrestler. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 ♪ Where in the world is Carmen Sandiego? ♪ ♪ Sandiego ♪ ♪ Where in the world is Carmen Sandiego? ♪ Scotland, the gothic grandeur of its Highlands. The majestic bellow of its bagpipes. The tartan weave of its kilts. The bitter sting of its cold. How are they not freezing? It is unusually drafty in here. Sure, our new headquarters could use some weatherproofing, but doesn't it just scream vile? 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 I'm gonna start screaming if they don't quit the caterwauling! It's like strangling a goose. Gunnar, however are we expected to entice new students to the very edge of the Earth? Pshaw, Dr. Bellum. The Outer Hebrides of Scotland are practically next door to London! Then why don't you vacate your plush, heated office and pop over for a spot of tea, neighbor? Now, now, Countess. Our esteemed colleague Roundabout pulled many strings to help us relocate VILE Academy in our hour of need, completely under the radar. Way to go, new guy. Besides, I'm presently focused on monitoring all transmissions for Carmen Sandiego, 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 there has been no sign of her all summer long, despite the globe-scouring efforts of our recent graduates. Fiercest class ever. They'll tear her apart. If Shadowsan hasn't already done so, Coach Brunt. The recent lack of Carmen sightings suggests that our strategy of provoking a decisive falling out between our two traitors may have paid off. Carmen Sandiego may already very well be no more. Player, I'm in. Gotta say, robbing my birth country's best-known bank is not what I wanna be remembered for. You're targeting a safety deposit box in a bank in Argentina linked to your late father, which, in theory, makes you the rightful heir to whatever might be inside that box. Hopefully, a clue to my mother's identity since I highly doubt her name is Vera Cruz. Like the city in Mexico, could be where she was born, or where your dad was planning to start a new life with you, guys, - after leaving VILE. - All good thoughts, Player. Let's see if we can't find out. So that's Dexter Wolfe. I have his eyes. These all belong to my father. There's something else. Player, take a look at this. Okay, how cute were you? Very. But I meant a close look. Image analysis, on it. Who knew the Irish jig was such a big deal here in Buenos Aires? They're dancing the tango, bro, nothing Irish about it. Though it does have a kicky thing going on. Zack, Ivy. - Heading your way. - Turn up anything, Carm? Another link to my past. May I have this dance, Señorita Sandiego? Who may I have the pleasure of declining? You can call me... Spinkick! Codename's kind of on the nose, isn't it? My foot, your nose! Hiyah! Hiyah! It takes two to tangle. Call me... Flytrap. So, all the good codenames finally got taken? Coach assured us you'd head to high ground. VILE really made Catching Carmen Sandiego 101 a required course? Tough class, but we aced it. A shame that you were unable to take my class... but I can still teach you a valuable lesson. That went well. Sandiego won't get far. It would seem that Vile Academy is still teaching the fundamentals. Pursuing leads will be that more difficult with VILE's new class here breathing down my neck. Not sure you need to stick around Buenos Aires any longer, Red. That shape in the background of your photo? It's a church bell tower. - And I've located a match. - Where? Where else? Veracruz, Mexico. You tracked down Carmen Sandiego in Buenos Aires, Argentina? With Shadowsan? Battling side by side, Coach. In perfect sync, like tango partners. That cannot be. Carmen should despise Shadowsan after what she learned. Outstanding plan, Maelstrom. Really diabolical. I did manage to pop a tracker on her. She's currently flying east, toward the southern tip of Africa. Do try not to lose her again, please! Carmen's path may prove difficult. If she does manage to complete her quest, she could learn that her mother is a civilian or a thief. We're here for Carmen, promise. Comrades, my intelligence reports that Carmen Sandiego, only moments ago, chartered a jet from Buenos Aires to Veracruz, Mexico. Ain't that a fur-piece from the southern tip of Africa? Bait and switch. I had little red robin hood dead to rights on that train in Botswana, and you made me let her walk! Sherlock, get me on a flight to Mexico, pronto! Warm. Jealous. Coach Brunt, you are aware that as a member of VILE's faculty, entering the field presents risks which could threaten to expose all of us. Mama Bear needs one last shot at dragging little black sheep back here by her pretty hair. Just one. Okay, gang, you're leaving Buenos Aires, known as the Paris of South America due to its European-influenced architecture, and traveling out of what's commonly known as The Southern Cone up to the city of Veracruz. It's the oldest Spanish settlement in what is now Mexico, and get this, the state of Veracruz has a coat of arms which features a red cross. Whoa! Argentina's coat of arms had a red cap, it's like, all roads connect to Carmen! There are many similarities and differences between Argentina and Mexico, Zack. Both are predominantly Spanish-speaking countries, but musically speaking, you're more likely to bump into mariachi bands in Mexico than tango dancers. What about the grub? I already miss Argentina's juicy steaks, slathered in chimichurri sauce. Where you're headed, the signature dish is Red Snapper Veracruz. Hey, another red! Whoa. Wait, yuck! That's fish! Oh, why? Why? This is definitely the spot. My mother had to be the one who took this photo. Think maybe that's where she lives? Carlotta? It cannot be! Oh, how foolish. You are much too young to be Carlotta Valdez. The resemblance is striking, you must be a relation? I must be, though she and I have never met. What can you tell me about her? Carmen Sandiego, this is your unlucky day. Carmen Sandiego, you are toast. Um... And I eat thieves like you for breakfast. - Carmen Sandiego, you are... - Agent Devineaux, must you? What? I wish to be prepared for our moment of victory, the Scarlet Superthief cannot outrun us forever! But yet, it seems that she can, we have not heard nor seen any sign of her for weeks. What else am I supposed to do while we wait, Agent Argent? Unlike yourself, I have no interest in learning dull facts about boring things. Each to his or her own, I suppose. Just my luck. Chief brings me back into the field, I finally get my suit, then ACME's Most Wanted goes on holiday. Red alert, team, and I do mean red. We finally have a fresh Carmen Sandiego sighting in Mexico. Ha-ha! Thanks to your mother's old neighbor, we now know she only lived in Veracruz for one year. A single woman, with no other known family, before vanishing without a trace. Well, Carlotta Valdez isn't exactly an unusual name, if it's even her real one. I may as well throw darts at a map, my mother could be anywhere. But you have to start somewhere, so why not start with the Carlotta Valdez who fits the age profile, and lives close to Veracruz. - I guess we wait. - I'm sorry. Did you not attend a school for thieves? She could be my mother! Way to make a first impression. "Hey! Just broke in your house, I'm your long-lost daughter." But if this Carlotta Valdez isn't your mom, finding evidence to confirm that could spare you from having one super-awkward conversation. Don't touch anything. Whoa. My maybe mommy is really into masks. As in Halloween? Or burglar? Ha-ha! - Hey! - Hey! Would you... Hola! Shall I snap your amigos in half, or would you care to explain what you are doing here in mi casa? Don't tell her anything, Carm! Yeah! We can take her. Do you always wear a mask in your own house? You are not here to steal my trophies, are you? I'm looking for Carlotta Valdez. I do not go by that name anymore. I am Lupe Peligro. I have never seen the man in the photograph, nor have I ever had children. I have been married only to my calling as a luchadora. Though I have been known to make men tremble... with fear. The masked wrestler, Lupe Peligro, Lupe Danger. Muy bien, mi amiga. My Spanish has improved during my recent travels. I wish I could tell you otherwise, but I am not your madre. We should just have a little peek to see if there's any resemblance, you know, for peace of mind. Uh-uh-uh... You would need to pry this from my skin. My mask is my identity, both inside and outside the ring. To be unmasked, would be to lose my honor. What'd I tell you, Ivy? Wrestling's not fake! Oh, I bet you're wicked awesome at that flying grab and flip maneuver! The Chicali Backcracker. Would you like to see? Would we? - Try it out on her. - Try it out on him. You are in luck. There is a match tonight, and I would be pleased to have all three of you as my guests. It could lift your spirits. We would be honored. - Right where Chief said it would be. - Maybe I should drive? Do not be concerned about my past minor mishaps involving vehicles, Agent Argent. You are gazing upon the new and improved Chase Devineaux! Besides, Chief required me to take a defensive driving course. Uh-huh? Espero que ganes esta noche. Of course, I will win tonight, Carmencita. It is scripted that way. Just don't tell Zack, I would hate to spoil the magic for him. May I help you? I just need to borrow that, por favor. Zack, Ivy, double decoy time! - Oh, now? - On it, Carm. I cannot fathom what Carmen Sandiego might be doing at a wrestling event, there is nothing here to steal. Eh? And now, for the main event! To know her is to fear all 300 pounds of her! Presenting... El Monstruo Gigante! Well, well... Que pasa... Lambkins? El Monstruo Gigante! Now, are you gonna come back home with Mama Bear, or do I need to bust you open like a piñata? El Monstruo, have you gone loca? Vamoose, El Masko. Family matter. An impostor? This isn't your fight. Mi casa, my fight. That does not look fake. Of course, it is fake, you can easily tell by the... La Femme Rouge! She's heading for the exit! Circle around back! Olé! Ah! The wrestling is not the only thing around here that is fake. And the battle is on! You do not know who you are dealing with! Carmen Sandiego, you are toast. Devineaux, really, not a good time. My sincerest apologies for the incon... Brunt, leave her alone! I see you brought your handsome police pal. Handsome? Ow! Three little birds, one great big stone! Yee-haw! Now who wants some... What? Come on, Devineaux. Coach Brunt? Oh, pocket dial. Lupe! Lupe! Now let us see the true face of this impostor. - No! No! - Coach Brunt! Lupe! Lupe! And the winner, Lupe Peligro! Agent Devineaux, do you read me? If Carmen Sandiego were here, she vanished without a trace. What? She is escaping! No, no, no, no. Not again! - Agent Devineaux, what happened to you? - Never mind that! I may look like a wreck, just be happy the vehicle is one piece. And that's why she was out to get me, why they're all still out to get me. Do not worry, I can keep a secret. But tell me, Carmen, would you continue your search for your real mother? The next Carlotta Valdez may not be as capable of defending herself as the great Lupe Danger. Red, sorry to interrupt. But I just came across a news item regarding a recent string of museum thefts. Thought you might be interested, since they happened close by in Mexico City. Copy that, Player. For the moment, I may need to get back to fighting the good fight. Viajes seguros, Carmen Sandiego. Safe travels. And know this, if I had a daughter, I would want her to be just like you. Not one single soul saw my face. Honest. How fortunate since it is imperative that VILE operate from the shadows, from behind masks. Shall we get into the spirit, then? Halloween is nearly upon us. OpenSubtitles recommends using Nord VPN from 3.49 USD/month ----> osdb.link/vpn 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 