Carmen Sandiego: Season 3, Episode 3 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Carmen Sandiego 
 s3e3 - The Haunted Bayou Caper - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Carmen Sandiego (2019–…): Season 3, Episode 3 - The Haunted Bayou Caper - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 ♪ Where in the world is Carmen Sandiego? ♪ ♪ Sandiego ♪ ♪ Where in the world is Carmen Sandiego? ♪ I spy with Red Drone's eye and I'm jazzed to present VILE's very own counterfeiter. Right there in New Orleans like my intel indicated. He doesn't look like he's packing any counterfeit anything. He could be picking up, not dropping off. - Or being picked up. - Your car's on its way, Red. Let the good times roll. As long as the car rolls, have all the fun you want, Zack. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 On the upside, tailing a VILE operative's a great way to take in local sights. You're currently passing through the famous French Quarter of New Orleans, down Bourbon Street. The city's the birthplace of jazz and home to Mardi Gras, a carnival celebration known for its colorful masks and costumes. Mardi Gras is French for Fat Tuesday. It seems New Orleans was settled by the French, and later the Spanish. Descendants of these settlers were often of mixed ancestry, and came to be known as Creole. You can taste this blend of cultures in the flavors of New Orleans' famous regional cooking, including Creole dishes such as gumbo, jambalaya, and boiled crawfish. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Just be on the lookout for any gators. One of the largest alligator populations in the United States, almost two million strong, can be found in Louisiana. Many of them right there in the coastal marshlands currently surrounding you. Carm... company. ACME agents in mirror are closer than they appear. Carmen Sandiego, pull over, so that I may arrest you! Devineaux, where's Jules today? That is classified, but Ms. Argent is doing other things. Shame, she's probably a better driver. And those are such nice cars. What? You were followed. Carmen Sandiego. Can't say I'm a fan. Whoa. Did Tigress just ride off on a giant air conditioner? It's called an airboat, and I'm counting on you to add it to your repertoire. Whoo! Hey! Stay on them, Zack. Do you wish to mock my driving skills now? Do we, Carm? I mean, he's kinda rocking it. I can fix that. No! No, no, no! Go away. What is that on your nose? Here, boy. Too close. Aw, man. Hey, Player, we need to post some reward for lost kitty cat signs. Actually, Red Drone scored. VILE's counterfeiter was dropping off. So, he's been busy printing fake tickets? To an event, hosted by a local celebrity chef called... The Crawfish King! Whoa! Please, please, call me CK. Now, go right ahead and pop one of these pups into your mouth. Mm. That is perfectly seasoned. Do I detect a hint of oregano? Nice try, but you know I could never reveal Great-great-grandmamaw's secret. This Creole recipe has been in my family for generations. I owe my entire success to it. Will you be serving these yummy critters at your costume gala? The first Saturday after Halloween, just like every year! And as always, all proceeds go to charity. Last year, we raised over $10 million for hurricane relief. I don't get it, Carm. Why would VILE bother to fake tickets when they could buy 'em? VILE give to charity? Right. The question is why VILE wants to attend at all. They wanna rob the wealthy partygoers? Up front and personal isn't VILE's style. They wanna steal the charity money? The tickets are all bought and paid for ahead of time, so there wouldn't be any funds on-site to steal. Actually, The Crawfish King's historic mansion on the bayou where he holds this annual bash, rumor is that it's loaded with all kinds of hidden rooms and secret corridors. The ultimate spooky party house! It's the Halloween that keeps on giving, Ivy! And according to local legend, somewhere in that maze of passageways lies a secret vault. Filled with some sort of hidden treasure? As the legend goes. That has to be what VILE's after. But they could rob the vault anytime. Why do it tonight, in the middle of some crazy shindig? Blending in among all the costumes and masks will provide the perfect cover. - Can't wait, can't wait, can't wait! - Whoa! Seems this house has more than one legend. It's also rumored to be haunted. Haunted? VILE doesn't scare easy. Player, we'll need three tickets. You do realize they're $100,000 each. I'm a sucker for charity. Tigress has procured a counterfeit ticket for herself, and a plus one of our choosing. It would seem that Operation Haunted Bayou is good to go. And speaking of haunts, say hello to our very own ghost in the machine. Computer humor, cute. But I prefer being acknowledged by my code name, The Troll. As you wish, Troll. Ah, ah, ah, small detail, I know, but there's a "the." The Troll. But, as you wish, "The Troll," does not sound correct to my ear. Look, I write code, not books on grammar. You did call to brief us, The Troll? Ha! I see what you did there. But, yeah, feast your eyeballs. Thermal and satellite views of the mansion. These ought to help your peeps navigate those secret corridors during the party, which I'll be crashing from the privacy of my room, behind this mask. Haunted. Yeah, right. Whoa, Zack. Since when do you not like hockey? Since right now, when you ruined it for me forever. You're wearing Carmen's color. He's allowed. I'm changing things up tonight. - Whoa! - Wicked cool! And I mean wicked. Now, who's ready to make a clean sweep of this place? Whoa! Crawfish? They're to die for. But they don't look like fish. They're crustaceans. And they are, oh, so good! You two move into position while I mingle. Come on already, Plus One. Boo. Nice costume. At least a tiger's a thing. What are you dressed up as? Mind your own mittens, kitty cat. Unless you care to find out who here has sharper claws. Out of the way and quiet, the perfect base camp. Ivy, you think that's Great-great-grandmamaw? Maybe she's the one haunting this mansion. Check it out, Red Drone's in costume too. She'll blend in perfectly with all the spooky deco. That's right, "she." Red Drone's on the prowl, Carm. Watch and listen, any guest could be a VILE Operative in disguise. Then again... Whoa, too cheap to buy tickets, too cheap to rent costumes. What are we supposed to do, unmask every single party guest? First one to bag our host wins. - You hear that, Carm? - They're targeting the Crawfish King. They probably plan on forcing him to lead them into the secret vault. I need to find him before they do. Cross-reference the cooking show video, see if you can find a voice match. On it, Carm. Please, call me CK. Oh, come on! I gotta go unstick a stuck ghost. Ghost? Bro, why so jittery? No reason. Stop looking at me! You mess with the devil, you get the horns! Vampire! - Where are you going? - Count Dracula! He was here, Ivy! I saw him in the mirror! - You saw Count Dracula in the mirror? - Uh-huh. Vampires don't cast reflections. I thought everyone knew that. Okay, okay. Did her eyes just move? No, they did not! That only happens in horror movies! - And in this haunted house, Ivy! - This house is not haunted! Any sign of our target? That was not him screaming? Just some partygoer. Too much sugar from Halloween candy. - Haunted. - Not haunted. Keep your voice down, the ghost can hear you. There's no ghost! - Crawfish? They're to die for. - No, thank you. Crawfish? Um, I was wondering, is it possible for me to get that delicious recipe? Oh, I could never reveal Great-great-grandmamaw's secret! Carm, we have a voice match. Mr. King, listen to me carefully. Please, call me CK! I know that voice. I know that witch. We need to get you out of here. La Femme Noire? Devineaux? Really not a good time! You're under arrest. Carm, they're taking CK through the... - Kitchen, on it. - Where did you go? Hey, she is Great-great-grandmamaw, says so right... Whoa! Zack? Uh, sis? The Troll to Monster Mash, report, please. We are still awaiting delivery of target. I'm sure I don't need to remind you boys that we need The King bagged by the stroke of midnight, before he can make his big annual show of donating the charity money in front of all his guests. Those guys. Excuse us. Hand him over. If you insist. I meant to me. We only play with wicked witches. Careful what you wish for. Bro? I swear, if you're trying to give me a revenge scare I will... I found the real monsters. Okay, you just need to activate the app. Hold the phone up to his eyes and hit scan. Then the funds will transfer from his account directly into ours instead of the charities. Capisce? This one? Retinal scan app. Does that look like an eyeball graphic to you? So there's no secret vault? We can't let 'em steal the charity money. It's just one simple function. You do it. Nope, weather app. Food delivery, keep swiping. Right there, next to... Yes, that one. Now, just hold the phone up to his face. - That way. - After them! She was cramping my style anyway. Witch hunt! A banana? I needed a disguise. It was on sale. Agent Devineaux, I am giving you until midnight to contact me with news that you have Carmen Sandiego in your custody, or I will hunt you down and personally haunt you for your failure. I think we lost 'em. Carm! Good work, team. Carm, we know VILE's plan. They didn't mention any secret vault. They're after the charity money. They have an operative called The Troll. He's like their Player, but evil. We gotta get The Crawfish King to transfer his funds to the charity - before they hack into his bank account. - Huh? Don't tell me, you lost Daddy Crawdad? Swipe there. Ghoulies and goblins, it's 12:01, window officially missed. Abort mission. I would if I knew how to find my way out of here. Oh, what are you hiding? Funds transferred. But with these shady characters lurking about, I have to admit that I'm a little concerned about my hidden treasure. Wait, the legend is true? The house is haunted? Paper. No. Stop! Please, it's fragile! I'll do anything, just don't harm it! Sounds valuable. We have to get it back! It's my most prized possession! What is it? Great-great-grandmamaw's original recipe for my crawfish seasoning, written in her own handwriting. It has great sentimental value. It's the single greatest link I have to my Creole heritage. Paperstar! Nuh-uh-uh. Trust me, that note has no material value. Oh, is that why you want it so badly, hm? You know, they say this mansion is haunted. - Hm, is that what they say? - Mm-hmm. By the Crawfish King's great-great-grandmother. And that paper you're holding belonged to her. Is there a point here? I'm not normally one for superstition, but I doubt her spirit would want you desecrating a family heirloom. Oh, such a shame. I don't believe in ghosts. Maybe you should tell that to her. Whoa! Grandmamaw's recipe! I can't thank you enough. Thank my friend here. You help so many people in need through your charities, it's an honor to return the favor. See, Zack? The only ghost haunting Crawfish Mansion is Red Drone. I was just jokin' around about being afraid in there, you know that, sis. Clearly, I scared the Crimson Ghost away. It is past midnight! Coming, Chief. Coming. Yes, yes. Oops. I mean, who really believes there's any such thing as... It's after midnight. Let the haunting begin! - Run! - Ghost! 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 