Carmen Sandiego: Season 1, Episode 2 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Carmen Sandiego 
 s1e2 - Becoming Carmen Sandiego: Part II - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Carmen Sandiego (2019–…): Season 1, Episode 2 - Becoming Carmen Sandiego: Part II - full transcript 
 Becoming Carmen Sandiego: Part II. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Player, not a good time. Can't cite the "no cellphone rule" if you're not on campus. - Taking a little field trip? - What? How did you know? Remember how I could never hack past the jammers at your school to triangulate your location? Well, guess what. Your phone suddenly lit up on my dashboard. It looks like you're currently traveling en route... Dude, hold that thought. Approaching drop point. Assume your positions. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Gotta call you back! I don't have a parachute! What are you waiting for? Cats always land on their feet! Heads up! Black Sheep? Don't let go. Are you out of your mind? You just put your safety and my entire criminal career at risk! What will the Faculty do when they discover you decided to tag along on our mission? Who cares? I'll be long gone. Crackle! Let's move! Stay here. I mean it. Time to crash a caper. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 You are a chicken? Chickens do not fly! Who here thought it was a good idea to make a mime a spy? Fly the coop? Black Sheep's run off with the others. We could have quite a mess on our hands. Alert the Cleaners. Casablanca. I'm in Morocco. I made it to the real world. Mission first, sightsee later. Young lady? It is quite late. Do your parents know where you are? I don't even know where I am. What is this place? An archaeological dig site, where we search for links to our past. You mean, like, dinosaur bones? Anything historic. If you've been following the news, you'll know that we just discovered a relic here dating from a much more recent era. The Eye of Vishnu. My crew identified it just days ago and are carefully unearthing it at this very moment. And you're not worried about them stealing it? Now, why ever would they do that? My crew is well aware that a treasure such as this belongs in a museum. Treasure? As in, worth a fortune? Some things possess value other than monetary, young lady. Any historic find such as this gem belongs to everyone. Its theft would rob the world of knowledge, and that would be a true crime. I... I never really thought of it that way. Pit crew, report, please! Gray must have cut the power. This is the caper! Black Sheep? But I thought you did not graduate. Whoa, it's amazing! Black Sheep! Stay away! You'll ruin the mission! You are in cahoots with them? Uh, well, yes and no. It's complicated. Stop, thieves! - Out of my way! - Crackle... remember, leave no witnesses. Wait, what do you mean, "leave no witnesses"? Gray! No! No! Gray, what are you doing? What is wrong with you? I'll handle the runt! Oh, pussycat down. She did not protect the face. - Gray... - Hey. ...what are you doing? - Come on, now. - Tell me! Back to VILE Island with you. I thought I knew you like the big brother I never had, Gray. Until that moment. What can I say? Graduation was a game-changer. Graduates... you did not make it this far on your grades alone. We have been profiling you all along to test your allegiance as well as your willingness to go to any necessary extremes. No one or thing must stand in the way of achieving our goals. You've earned your place at our elite table. Now hear the true name of VILE: Villains International League of Evil. Evil. My entire upbringing was a lie. Stealing isn't a game. It does harm people. Especially when you're willing to steal lives. Ugh! So close! What is it now, Ms. Argent? I am driving! Inspector Devineaux, the purported crime scene is actually filled with stolen goods of all kinds. Cash, bonds, art. What? Was the apartment owner not the robbery victim? That's what I said. So I did some fact-checking. The owner on record isn't an individual, but an import-export company. But even more intriguing, the places Carmen Sandiego recently robbed, the Swiss Bank, the art gallery in Cairo, the Shanghai amusement park, all have ties to the same company. Ms. Argent, what is it you are trying to say? Well, what if, for whatever reason, Carmen Sandiego were a thief who only steals from other thieves? No! No, no, no, no, no, no, no! Interpol! Official business. I am commandeering this aircraft! Our journey's winding to a close. And I'm not any closer to knowing the story behind your chic new look or your name. I'll do my best to cut to the chase. Things were strained on my forced return to the Isle of VILE. Sure, I was on my best behavior, but I still had to endure Coach Brunt's guilt. I blame myself! And Dr. Bellum's surveillance. And Countess Cleo's attempts to tame my wild side. And Professor Maelstrom's freaky psych exams. But the worst part? I never felt more alone in my life. The Cleaners had confiscated my phone, my only lifeline to the outside world. When the new school year began, I pretended to throw myself into my coursework. But I was really just biding my time, waiting for my moment to strike. December 1st. VILE's bookkeeper was right on schedule. My first escape attempt may have been a dry run. But this time, I was really gonna bring the rain. Travel light. It confounds me that a device registered to our mainland bookkeeping department ever wound up in Black Sheep's possession to begin with. It confounds me that Black Sheep never submitted the stolen property for extra credit. Guten tag, Strudelhaus of Düsseldorf. Can I help you? Yeah, I was looking for... - It's me. I'm screening. - Player. Where have you been? Strange people have been answering your phone. It's not my phone. I stole it. So you're a shoplifter! And you haven't called me all summer long because you've been in jail. Player, remember when you told me you used your wicked skills for good? The white hat hacker's code. What would you say if I told you I had wicked skills, too, from being raised in a school for thieves? I'd say that would explain a lot. Don't go anywhere. Player, I'm staring at a hard drive containing data that could fuel a criminal empire for a year. This may be my only shot to secure it. Then use those wicked skills, already. Booker, what is keeping you? We are anxiously awaiting the upload! Have you ever heard of weather, Gunnar? I had to hang my wet things! Gah! Missed it! If anyone sees me take it, I'll never make it off this island. I need to avoid detection at all cost. Aw, crud! Mimosa Bombosa. What are you up to? Stopping to smell the roses? This is the most one-sided conversation I've ever heard. Shh, quiet! Not you. Duh. Okay, happy gardening. All good. It was just some creepy mime who hangs around campus watching everything. And everyone. Because he's a spy and a snitch. Nobody likes a tattletale! And don't even think about picking the lock. Keycard-activated elevator. If she makes it to the server room, she'll upload the data. So you can't let her see you take the drive. But if that elevator leaves without you... game over. Gotta think fast. Oh, sorry about the scare, ma'am. I'm an IT trainee, and it's imperative that I check the server room pronto for, um, loose cables. My, you've grown. Yes, I have. Um, and with age comes maturity, which is why I was so anxious to catch you, Ms. Booker, so we could talk somewhere private. I... I just wanted you to know how super ashamed I am of all the really dumb pranks I've pulled on you over the years. I apologize. I wondered about the absence of a water balloon attack tonight. First time in quite a few years. I'll blame your unusual upbringing. One can't be expected to behave honorably when raised among thieves, after all. Shake on it, Ms. Booker? Call me "Cookie." Young lady, you seem like a smart cookie. If you wish to walk in my shoes someday, set your sights higher than pulling pranks or picking pockets. White-collar crime is where the real money is. Thank you for the career advice. I will take it to heart. Arrivederci. Children. Huh? Whatever can the problem...? Bait and switch! Code red. They're onto me. Player? Hello? Signals are jammed. Dr. Bellum, care to pinpoint the origin of the code red? The server room. My ride should still be waiting. No! No! It's past curfew. All students are in their bunks. Except for... Black Sheep. The girl must be punished. Ugh. Hall monitors. Gunnar, the child is certainly a menace, but placing the entire island on lockdown? The "child" may have compromised VILE's income for the entire coming year, thanks to you. We must retrieve that drive! Well, it's out of my hands now, so please provide me with clearance to leave. Fine. Good riddance. Thank you very much. I'll just collect my coat and be off. Whoa. Code red. Cleaners, our bookkeeper has caused enough damage for one visit. Allow her to vacate the premises, or terminate her if the mood strikes you, and I wouldn't complain. Ms. Booker? Until next year. Bon voyage. Arriverderci! Any sign of her? Cleaners! She's nearly gone! Prepare air support! Captain, be on alert. The lady in red is no lady. She will never outrace us by boat. Pity. She does not miss a trick. No. Hmm. Black Sheep! I pass, you fail. - Hello? - Player, I made it. I'm off the island. I need to know where on Earth I am. Triangulating your position. The Canary Islands. A Spanish settlement just off the coast of Western Africa. It was an interesting place to grow up, but it's time to see the rest of the world. No more bookkeepers, and no more VILE. You'll need a passport. And I don't think Black Sheep's gonna cut it. You do have a name, don't you? It's... Carmen. Carmen Sandiego. Now, about this whole "white hat" thing. Does it have to be white? End of the line. We miss you, Black Sheep. VILE wants a truce. They want me stealing for them instead of from them. You've proven yourself. It's all you ever wanted, isn't it? Aha! The league's offering you a full pardon. Even Shadowsan's on board. They'll make things right if you just come home, where you belong. I was hoping we'd end up on the same side again tonight, Gray. My side. Still in a league of your own. Bye-bye, Black Sheep. You weren't listening. I go by Carmen now. Fingerprint recognition. They never protect the face. Red. You're back online! I miss anything juicy? Nothing you don't already know. Carmen Sandiego, you are under arrest! No! No! Not again! Yes? What is it? Inspector Devineaux, we turned up something rather astonishing. I believe it's the Eye of Vishnu from the unsolved Morocco heist. We found it between the couch cushions. - Almost as if... - Let me guess! Almost as if Carmen Sandiego wanted us to find it. If our thief indeed left such a treasure behind, she must have gotten away with something truly priceless! Wait, seriously? You didn't take the gemstone? Total win-win. I knew Interpol would get it back where it belonged, which left my hands free to take the real treasure: my oldest traveling companions. Like an archeology find, the only link I have to my past. I have Gray to thank for using them to bait me. Now, did you wire the proceeds from the Shanghai job to the next non-profits on my list? Food bank, homeless shelter, orphanage. Check. I even had time to decrypt the next entry. Another secret VILE hideout, located in Southeast Asia on the island of Java. Just when I thought I was through with islands. Paris will be here. We need to stay one step ahead of VILE while we still have the advantage. I'll book you a red-eye. Chief, we have Carmen Sandiego in our sights. ♪ Where in the world is Carmen Sandiego? ♪ ♪ Sandiego ♪ 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 