Carmen Sandiego: Season 1, Episode 4 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Carmen Sandiego 
 s1e4 - The Fishy Doubloon Caper - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Carmen Sandiego (2019–…): Season 1, Episode 4 - The Fishy Doubloon Caper - full transcript 
 The Fishy Doubloon Caper. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 ♪ Where in the world Is Carmen Sandiego? ♪ ♪ Sandiego ♪ ♪ Where in the world Is Carmen Sandiego? ♪ No witness to question. No thieving scoundrel in custody and not one single red thread to pull. I pursued Carmen Sandiego all the way to Paris and back with nothing to show for my efforts. Eh, almost nothing. I recommend reexamining the penthouse Ms. Sandiego purportedly attempted to rob here in Poitiers. Did rob, Ms. Argent! 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 I watched our super thief spirit into the night with a stolen object stuffed in her black sack. That many mints can't be good for an empty stomach. Good night, Ms. Argent. You may want to check your fuel... Now. It seems you were right. I'm all out of... Gas? Inspector? Where in the world did you go? Hola, Red. How's sunny Ecuador? Oh, wet. I'm sure you'll get to see more of South America after your swim. Maybe even paddle further down 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 to Buenos Aires, Argentina. Not sure I'm ready to visit my birthplace, not without any real clues to my past. What can you tell me about the shipwreck we're looking for? The satellite images I intercepted show you're warm. Just keep an eye out for the equator. - It's a giant red line. - Very funny, Player. The equator's a giant imaginary red line that divides our world into northern and southern hemispheres. Well, Ecuador sits right on the equator, and it looks like the South American country bananas and tuna. Huh, I wonder how a banana-fish sandwich would taste. Bet you didn't know the catch of the day is always transported up the Andes Mountains to Quito, the second-highest capital city in the world. My nose is bleeding just thinking about it. But back down at sea level, the 19th-century trading vessel you're looking for might have been transporting Spanish doubloons when it sunk. A big enough haul of these gold coins could be worth millions today. Which means there's a decent chance the wreck is on VILE's radar. With luck, I'll secure any valuable artifacts before VILE can scavenge them. Are all hands on deck? Surface crew is on high alert. Fish. Oh, why'd it have to be fish? Motor off, no one on board. Creepy enough for you, Ivy? Creepy enough to want a closer look. Player, I found it. Ha! I'm swimming through the past! Any sign of treasure? Tons, but not the kind that would interest VILE. Scratch that. Player, see what you can learn. Whoa, what am I hearing? You. You? Who was that? El Topo. And if the human mole is down below... his pal, the human goat, is sure to be above. - Ha! - Whoa! Wow, that really just happened. Who are you? What are you doing out here? We're, uh, fishermen. Fisherwoman. Hello! You do not sound or look like you're from around here. Well, uh, Boston Harbor was getting really crowded, you see... Oops. Come on. Seriously? Wrap it up, crew. Carmen needs assist. That would not be Carmen Sandiego, would it? - Carmen Sanfrancisco. - Carmen Sanjose. - Sanjose? Sanfrancisco! - Sanfrancisco! Sanjose! - Ivy! - What? - Help! - Huh? Help! Help! Ah! Let's motor! I have a bead on your tracker. Keep a close watch. We need to can a tuna. Gracias. He says his catch is already on its way to Quito for auction and our coin-swallowing fish with it. For a fish out of water, old yellowfin sure gets around. Red, I've looked up the image of the coin. It's a doubloon, all right, but it isn't Spanish. It's called the "Ecuador 8 escudos." So it's an Ecuadorian doubloon? It looks here like most coin hobbyists know it as the "Moby Dick doubloon." Moby Dick, like the book? Why would a coin be named after the famous whale? Because it's the coin the Captain Ahab character nails to the mast of his ship as a reward to anyone who spots the white whale that keeps evading his capture. This doubloon is starting to feel like a white whale of my own. I'm sorry, were you speaking of the Ecuador 8 escudos? You've heard of it? Dr. Pilar Marquez. I am an archaeologist leading an excavation team to the shipwreck. Well, if you happen to be looking for one, you won't find it down there. Not anymore. What? How do you know? You're not scavengers, are you? Coin hobbyists. Amateur. Then you may not realize that the escudos was the first doubloon minted here in Ecuador, in the 1830s, shortly after we became our own nation. Only a mere handful were ever made. Whoa! Must be worth millions! Despite its rarity, the escudos does not have high monetary value, though it is of tremendous cultural value. As a symbol of Ecuador's independence, it remains one of the strongest links we have to our past. - Oh, well. - Ah, the fish can keep it. We'll find it for you. We will? VILE has no idea how much that coin is or isn't worth, which means we need to secure it before they figure out where it's headed. What is this? You think these can hold me, an agent of Interpol? No, no. No... autographs, please. Inspector Chase Devineaux, thank you for joining us. Holographic projection, the most secure method of communication. Plus, the calls don't drop. Who... Who are you? Why am I here? You can call me "Chief." And you are here because I understand you have recently come into close contact with a certain elusive Carmen Sandiego. And I would very much like to get back to finding her if you do not mind. Well, then you and I may be able to help each other. You also seek the Crimson Shadow. We're seeking an army of shadows whom, we have reason to believe, call themselves "VILE." If Carmen Sandiego is after this doubloon, it must be worth a fortune. How very delightful to hear, Le Chevre, because Papa needs a new pair of cuff links. Of course, Professor Maelstrom. A vault filled with cuff links of every shape and color. And gold rings for every finger. A fancy limousine or a spectacular yacht. No, wait. Your very own private golf course. Uh, I can chase away the gophers for you. The point being this golden trinket will enable you to buy anything your dark heart desires. Buy? I don't think you understand. I intend to melt that doubloon into a pair of solid gold cuff links. Melt? But it is worth... I will be the first on the island. Countess Cleo will be so envious. Pedal to the metal. If that yellowfin makes it to the auction floor, we could lose it for good. Word of caution, Red. The air's pretty thin above 9,500 feet. If you don't take the time to acclimate, any one of you can get altitude sickness. We believe that VILE has masterminded most of the major crimes of the last few decades. Everything from the manipulation of financial markets to the contamination of cheese. And you have not been able to stop them, why? Try stopping something that you can't actually prove exists. In nearly 20 years, only six suspected VILE operatives have ever been apprehended by any law enforcement agency. Each vanished, before they could be questioned, without a trace. No leads, no threats, nothing. Exactly! Okay, stay still, because if I don't pull out slowly, you could wind up speaking backwards or tasting color. I'm joking! And what does this VILE have to do with Carmen Sandiego? Aha! She is the ringleader! A thief who publicly flaunts her crimes, the leader of a phantom criminal empire? Eh, good point. Despite the decades of amassing data via our highly advanced CrimeNet technology, VILE has remained little more than rumor. No faces, no names. Yet, an international thief springs from nowhere and, based on her activities, seems to know more about them than we do. We need to learn what she knows, and that means providing you with the tools to find Carmen Sandiego. Ah! Smell that fresh mountain air! Oh, smells like... Oh, pee-yoo! Fish! That's a good sign, Zack, since we happen to be looking for a fish mar... Carm? Carmen! Chase Devineaux. Leave a brief message. If this is about the love seat, it is already sold. Inspector, it's me, Julia. I'm sorry to call again, but I would really like to know if you took the train home. Or if, like our witness, you vanished into thin air. You. Yes, it is me. You are fortunate that I found you when I did. As a baby. By the side of a road in Argentina. Oh, I always knew it was you. Please, the air is very thin up here. You need oxygen. Okay, let us pretend that I believe your conspiracy stories. Why would I bother helping you find Carmen Sandiego? I am already with Interpol. You don't have a choice, Inspector. Arrangements have been made with your former superiors. You're not a gumshoe anymore. Welcome to ACME. Zack? Ivy? I encouraged your colleagues to explore the fish market since they knew little about treating altitude sickness. Yes, I followed you. Did you think I would trust a possible scavenger with my coin? Doctor, if I'm to have any hope of retrieving your doubloon, I really need to be... Are these the tools of an amateur coin hobbyist? You helped me. Please, allow me to help you. Oh, find that coin already, sis! I can't breathe in here. If you don't put a sock in it, Zack-Attack, I'm gonna put a fish in it for you. The eyes, the head, the whole enchilada. Wicked awesome! Lucky number 52. Well, look what just waltzed in. Red snapper. Hey, don't be embarrassed, Carm. The smell of fish gets me woozy, too. - Tell me you found it. - Yep. We've been scanning the tuna carts on deck for the auction floor first to make sure it didn't get past us. It's in that one over there. The one they just wheeled through those doors? Three hundred once. Three hundred twice. Lot 51, sold to paddle number seven. - Le Chevre. - Again? That guy really gets my goat. He'd ID me in an instant, with or without the coat. You two need to reel it in. - How? - Bid to win. yellowfin tuna, 97 pounds. That's our guppy. Starting at $100. Do I hear $100? One hundred dollars. Do I hear $150? $150,000! Sold! What? She said "bid to win." I just won. Not how it works, bro. That is our tuna. Now, now, now! We're, uh, not gonna pay for that. Ha-ha! That doubloon isn't worth what you think it is. Stealing it would deprive Ecuador of a cultural treasure. Tell it to Professor Maelstrom. Time to whack a mole, bro. We shall see who will be whacked. Oh! - Whoa. - Catch of the day. I do not feel so well. Uh, it is the altitude, mi amigo. But I have the coin in hand. Vamonos! Agency to Classify and Monitor Evildoers. We gather data, we monitor criminals, covertly. No one knows we exist, not law enforcement, not VILE, not our own families. We are the only entity more invisible than VILE itself, and it's imperative that we keep it that way. Inspector? I have never seen her before in my life. Your partner's pretty sharp. Thank you, Carmen Sandiego. Someday, the world will know your name. Just happy to do my part for Ecuador. Interesting to hear, coming from an Argentinean. During your fever, you mistook me for someone close to you. A link to my past. We went our separate ways. But maybe a visit home would do me some good. Breaking news, Red. That series of art thefts we've been tracking? It's way bigger than we thought. And I have reason to believe the next one on VILE's hit list is at the Rijksmuseum in Amsterdam. Buenos Aires will have to wait. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 