Carmen Sandiego: Season 1, Episode 8 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Carmen Sandiego 
 s1e8 - The Lucky Cat Caper - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Carmen Sandiego (2019–…): Season 1, Episode 8 - The Lucky Cat Caper - full transcript 
 The Lucky Cat Caper. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 ♪ Where in the world Is Carmen Sandiego? ♪ ♪ Sandiego ♪ ♪ Where in the world Is Carmen Sandiego? ♪ Somewhere in my coat lies a single dollar bill. The coat has many pockets. Locate the target and acquire it... if you can. You have two minutes. Ha! This is going well. The coat was empty, wasn't it? Oh, boy. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 You're having that dream again, aren't you? "Dream" makes it sound like make-believe, Player. This actually happened. For the best, right? I mean, if you'd actually aced crime school, you might be stealing for VILE instead of from them. For the Villains International League of Evil? Highly doubt that. So, how come failing Shadowsan's final is still bugging you? I don't know. Maybe because I never got to see where the dollar was hiding when the exam was over. I was the best pickpocket in Stealth 101, way better than Tigress. Guess I just feel like I still have something to prove. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Mm, what a view. Pea soup. They don't call San Francisco, California, "Fog City" for nothing. The fog blows in so often that the locals gave it a name: Karl. But when the fog lifts, what a view. The Golden Gate Bridge towers 746 feet above the bay. It's one of the city's iconic landmarks, along with cable cars, the oldest and largest Chinatown in America, and "The Rock," Alcatraz Island, home of the famous prison. Too bad it hasn't been used to jail criminals since 1963. Since VILE loves hanging out on islands, it would've been the perfect place to lock them up. Until that day comes, I'm happy to keep stealing their money to spend on worthwhile causes, like the Children's Foundation charity auction tonight. A foggy night seems like perfect trench coat weather. But I really should dress for the occasion. Going once, going twice, sold for $78,000 to the generous lady in red. You really bought the car from Rogue Vendetta 5? Who knew you were into action flicks? It goes with my dress, and Zack will totally flip. Ladies and gentlemen, this next item is what you've been waiting all evening for: an extremely rare postage stamp, donated by an anonymous private collector. "The One-Cent Black on Magenta." We can use it to send a postcard to VILE. Whoa. It's actually really valuable, to the tune of a cool ten million. Cents. Very funny, Player. No, seriously, dollars. How is a one-cent stamp worth ten million dollars? Only a small number of these black on magentas were ever printed, and this is the only one known to survive. I'm taking up stamp collecting. Great, I'll win it for you. VILE can afford it. A reminder that all proceeds go to the Children's Foundation, so don't be shy. Bidding begins at... It's gone! Player! On it. Security feeds show movement on the south side of the building. You'll just have to get through Karl. Who? Oh, Karl. The fog. Carmen Sandiego. Chase Devineaux. If one wishes to vanish into the cloak of night, perhaps one should not shine a beacon. Thanks for the tip. Gah! And perhaps one should not wear loud, clacky shoes. Ah! - I have you now, you crimson phantom! - There you are. Yes. I am here and you are there, Ms. Argent. But where on Earth is Carmen Sandiego? Stealing from a children's charity makes very little sense for Ms. Sandiego, especially following the events in Mumbai when she left the stolen Magna Carta for us to find. Mip, mip, mip! Aha! Ah! Go on, get out of here! - You let him go? - What? He was merely a street clown. At city hall? Such performers are typically relegated to tourist areas, like Fisherman's Wharf. Please remain on task, Agent Argent. Once again, Carmen Sandiego has slipped away. This time, with a ten-million-dollar stamp in her little red hands. Carmen Sandiego. I see. Stand by, Mime Bomb. We will contact you with instructions on how to proceed. If our former pride and joy is on our snitch's trail, I would suggest that a more suitable operative transport the stamp out of San Francisco. Mime Bomb's not exactly what I would call the strong silent type. I would recommend Tigress. Would this be because she failed to stop Carmen Sandiego in Indonesia? Tigress is my finest student and the most vicious. You do not wish me to send her because you continue to be soft on Black Sheep. Do I need to remind you that we were all soft on Black Sheep before she betrayed us and took a new name? Do I need to remind you that I never thought she was fit to enroll in VILE's program to begin with? Faculty, please, why squabble when we can simply vote? All in favor of sending Tigress, raise your hand. Dr. Bellum, your participation is mandatory for us to reach a decision. I happen to be preoccupied at the moment, Professor. You do want me to hack into this keycard and learn what I can about ACME, don't you? Fine, fine, send whomever. I shall notify Tigress. The handoff will transpire in Chinatown. Mime Bomb has been instructed to sit tight until the exchange can be facilitated. The stamp is hidden within the statue of a lucky cat. How fitting. I consider myself VILE's lucky cat. Meow. This tracker will triangulate his location. Do not fail, Tigress. Your intel is impeccable, Player. Mime Bomb's here, hiding in plain sight behind an invisible newspaper. - Think he has the stamp? - Hard to say. He could be receiving or delivering. It's in the cat. Ugh, where is that buffoon going? Aren't you a sly one? Can't feed this kitty. Within a statue of a lucky cat. I'll take the tchotchke. Or what? You'll claw my coat into a bolero jacket? I didn't just ace that exam, I shredded it, which is what I'm about to do to your face. I'll take that kitty. We have others, you know! I always pegged you as a crazy cat lady. Finders keepers. Should have slashed my coat. For the kitty cats. Keep the change. What? No stamp? Unlucky cat! Empty? Mime Bomb. ACME intel indicates there will be an exchange of an unknown commodity here tonight. It could be the stolen stamp. Then perhaps today we shall catch Carmen Sandiego red-handed. Do you find that suspicious? Another street clown. So what? San Francisco is filled with them. I think it's the same one from last night. You there! Stop! Devineaux had better be good at charades. Perhaps you left your keycard in another jacket. I always wear my lucky coat when I am working, and I only have one lucky coat. Sir, were you wearing this coat when you drove into the Swiss lake? Or when you fell onto the windshield of your c... Never mind that! Please just use your keycard, Ms. Argent. What is your connection to Carmen Sandiego, hmm? Speak up! You do not have the right to remain silent! Perhaps we need to allow him to answer in his own way. Go on. Three words, first syllable. An elephant? Getting a pedicure? Giving you a pedicure? While spreading cheese, on a baguette? On Bastille Day? This is ridiculous! What is he saying? He insists he was merely performing on the street. He has never heard of any Carmen Sandiego. He says he is innocent. You are not innocent! Carmen Sandiego stole the stamp and you are her courier! You are carrying the stamp, admit it! Give it to me! Perhaps he is working for VILE. Our sincerest apologies. You are free to go. Uh, tell no one about this, please. Sir, an innocent mime does not evade agents he encounters on the street. Which is precisely why I let him go, Ms. Argent. I guarantee you that he will lead us straight to Carmen Sandiego. Where have you been? There, a street clown performing at Fisherman's Wharf. Are you happy now? You're being followed. Bravo, Mime! Can you do "pulling on a rope"? How about "where did you hide it"? Are you kidding me? Somewhere in that coat lies a single ten-million-dollar stamp. No! They were not kidding about brisk ocean air. - Sir, your coat. - What? La Femme Rouge! She is vicious and cruel! Hey! - You can't take my... - Care to tell it to the hand? Didn't think so. Check it out. I aced the coat exam again. I got you, Red. Roadside pickup is on the way. Thanks, Carm! I got to drive this baby right off the auction lot! I can't believe it's the actual car from the movie! Zack, you're my getaway driver, but Tigress is the one getting away. Starter flag waved, and we're off to the races. ♪ Get, get, get, get Get your hands up ♪ Sir, a word of caution before you engage in another high-speed pursuit with ACME property. This is exactly why I'm not inviting you along. I cannot be slowed down by "caution words." ♪ Get your hands up ♪ ♪ Get, get, get, get Get your hands up ♪ ♪ Get, get, get, get Get your hands up ♪ ♪ Get, get, get, get Get your hands up ♪ ♪ Get, get, get, get Get your hands up ♪ So, you think this baby can drive straight up a wall, you know, like it did in Rogue Vendetta 7, Drive 'Em Up a Wall? Let's try not to find out. Whoo! I have the stamp. I just need to shake a little red tail. Proceed to higher ground where the Cleaners can provide pickup. The Cleaners? They will never arrive in time. Well, they already happen to be on site. I suspected there might be a mess to clean up. Was I right? ♪ Get, get, get, get Get your hands up ♪ ♪ Get, get, get, get Get your hands up ♪ ♪ Get, get, get, get Get your hands up ♪ Carmen Sandiego is headed toward the Golden Gate Bridge. Notify the chief, have her shut it down. The entire bridge? The woman beams herself from a fountain pen. She can do anything! You must swipe down and then up. That is the radio, sir. Perhaps you should remain focused on the... Oh, no, no, no. No! Scroll until you see the letter E, then swipe up to eject. ♪ Get, get, get, get, get till it's low ♪ ♪ Get, get, get, get, get, what's up? ♪ ♪ Get, get, get, get, get till it's low ♪ Hello, gentlemen. I've got an airmail delivery. Keep the motor running, Carm? I'll catch a flight. The stamp, Tigress. You want it so badly? Here. For your little save the kids, or whales, or whatever charity. Ha! Made you look! An itty bitty stamp is probably even harder to snatch than, oh, I don't know, a dollar bill. Why don't we find out? Why don't we? Hey! Huh? Tigress, confirm that you have secured the stamp. Oh, it's been secured. Now, will you admit the coat was empty? Like I need your stamp of approval anyway. A shame about the car, sir. And your coat. I may have lost my lucky coat, but it is the luck of Carmen Sandiego which will soon run out. Good call, Shadowsan. Tigress and Mime Bomb, VILE's new dream team! Eureka! Please tell us you uncovered the meaning of ACME, Dr. Bellum. Not quite, but by hacking the data files embedded in this keycard, I learned that it is registered to this man. Chase Devineaux. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 