Carmen Sandiego: Season 3, Episode 2 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Carmen Sandiego 
 s3e2 - The Day of the Dead Caper - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Carmen Sandiego (2019–…): Season 3, Episode 2 - The Day of the Dead Caper - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 ♪ Where in the world is Carmen Sandiego? ♪ ♪ Sandiego ♪ ♪ Where in the world is Carmen Sandiego? ♪ Game over, Sandie... go! We have to call this in, you know. What's wrong? Lose your funny bone? Professor Maelstrom? Tonight, call me by my parallel universe name... Charlie Pants. Clowning around is no way to set an example for our new operatives, Gunnar. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 I shall venture a guess. You were tricked by Carmen Sandiego yet again. - We were hoping for a treat. - Such as this pumpkin spice latte. I reckon you all best mosey on back south of the Mexican border and see about rustling up Carmen's trail. Fail again, and Mr. Pants will not be a happy clown. Now, who's ready for the pumpkin carving contest? Mexico City. And just in time for Halloween! Actually, Halloween's not the only holiday that takes place this time of year. Day of the Dead is even more widely celebrated in Mexico. - Wicked awesome, I love zombies! - Sorry, Zack. Unlike Halloween, Día de los Muertos isn't about scares. It's all about celebrating the memory of loved ones. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Red's right. The roots of Day of the Dead go back thousands of years, to the traditions of worship practiced by the Aztecs and other Nahua people. Today, deceased relatives are honored with ofrendas, altars adorned with flowers, candles, photos, food, and even special belongings of the person being remembered. The most familiar motifs of Día de los Muertos may be the calaveras and calacas... skulls and skeletons. You'll see them everywhere as candy, dolls, face paint, even masks, representing death as a natural part of life, rather than something to be feared. You'll be arriving just in time. Day of the Dead festivities typically begin the night before, on All Hallow's Eve. Imagine how massive your head would need to be to wear a skull mask that size... That's no mask, bro. That's a work of art. Speaking of art, any updates on those museum heists, Player? I wish, Red. The news reports about the recent art thefts in Mexico City totally screamed VILE to me, but I haven't been able to intercept chatter confirming my suspicions. This is the only major museum in the area that hasn't been hit. Then it's sure to be the next target. Frida Kahlo's "Self Portrait with Monkey." Who's Frida Kahlo? One of my favorite artists, born right here in Mexico City. Some of her most famous paintings are on loan for this exhibition, including this one. I see some art students. But one of them is sketching everything but the art. Doors, windows, cameras. Definitely casing the joint. Frida Kahlo was greatly inspired by indigenous Mexican culture, which she communicates through her vivid, colorful imagery. Never saw her face. She was young. Too young to be stealing art of this caliber for herself and a bit too young to be a VILE operative. Think you can track her down? No need. She'll be back. Have you determined exactly what in the world Carmen Sandiego might have been doing at a wrestling match in Mexico? Besides ruining my new suit and paving her usual path of destruction? - Nothing was stolen. - That we know of! I have a theory. There have been a series of museum heists in Mexico City during the last few weeks. The period of time the Crimson Shadow has been completely off our radar. Exactly. I'm thinking this little pit stop was intended as a diversion to shake us off the trail of her actual scheme. Or perhaps Ms. Sandiego was simply here for some other, non-criminal reason. Like what, Agent Argent? A sudden interest in contact sports? Or do I need to remind you that Carmen Sandiego recently hacked classified data from ACME? Yet I simply cannot see a likely motive for her to steal masterworks from museums other than dropping them back into our laps unharmed and revealing the weak links in security to the museums she borrowed them from! Devineaux, take a walk. Look, Argent, you are among ACME's finest, when your head is in the game. My head is in the game, Chief. It's my heart that isn't. Not anymore. If this is about being partnered with Devineaux, I can fix that. This is about realizing that I need to believe in my work. I see. I'll arrange for your transfer back to Interpol. I've been wanting to put my second degree to use. There's an open position in the ancient history department of a rather prestigious university. The door is always open if you ever have a change of heart. I don't think that belongs to you. Does now. Hm! Someone order an original Frida Kahlo? Hmm... Well done. I know just the buyer for it. Though, a masterpiece such as "Self Portrait with Monkey" is certain to fuel a bidding war. - Something wrong? - You have been duped. I'll just go back and steal another. Not tonight. It is too risky. I can get in and out. No one will know. Someone clearly knew you were coming the first time. Sonia, you know I want what's best for you. - Have you considered my offer? - Vocational school? Boring. As I explained, this isn't just any vocational school. Do you not want financial security? I already make plenty of money. I am talking longer term, Sonia. Because I really do believe you are meant for more. I'll think about it. Let me know tomorrow. And, Sonia, no museum visits. Oh, Ms. Contreras! Player, see if you can turn up any intel on this address while I track our junior art enthusiast. - Arr, matey! - Sorry? Uh, I mean, on it, Red! Cleo, do you recall that talented young art thief I've been grooming? I fear she has reached the limits of her potential without proper training. I consider Sonia to be an ideal candidate for the academy. Well, we are in luck. With the delays caused by the move, classes will begin with the winter quarter this year. Give me 24 hours to see if she bites. You must miss them. - I know how you feel, Sonia. - How do you know my... Never mind. Where's my painting? Where it belongs, in the museum. Who are you, the art police? I'm not here to turn you in. I'm out of here. Sonia, I get it. Fending for yourself and living on your own isn't easy, but there are other ways to make ends meet. Stealing pays well. And I happen to be good at it. - Not like I'm hurting anybody. - Trust me... stealing does hurt people. Wait. You're a thief, too? But why didn't you steal the painting? Don't you know how much you could get for that thing? I do, but then I'd be preventing museum visitors from seeing an amazing cultural treasure. You can go to school, and... What is it with school tonight? - Everyone wants me to go. - What kind of school? Vocational. Imports, exports. Something like that. Trust me, you don't know what you're getting yourself into. This school would lead you down the wrong path. How do you... Wait, you went there, didn't you? Well, now, I definitely want to go. - What? No. - I've seen what you can do. If this school can teach me cool stuff, I am so in. This school might seem cool at first, but they'd eventually order you to cross a line you never thought you'd cross. And once you cross that line, there'd be no turning back. Thanks for the career advice. Red, the address belongs to a high-end art collector, Marta Contreras. Shadowsan confirmed that she traffics in stolen art for VILE. The heists were tryouts. Sonia fits the profile, young, skilled, orphaned. And I'm not about to let VILE recruit her. And for our next spooktacular activity, I present to you... Those do not look like apples. A most astute observation, Alien Space Commander Bellum. Bobbing for haggis, anyone? Sheep's innards? I've never tried them! Scotland's national dish, seasoned to perfection! You first, Cowpoke. Uh, I don't... You will never know whether you like it if you don't try. - I'll get it! - Now, whomever could that be? - Trick... - Or treat. Carmen Sandiego. I should have surmised that you were responsible for the fake. I'm here about Sonia. You need to forget you ever knew her. - And why would I do that? - Client list? It'd be a shame if it fell into the wrong hands. You are clever, Carmen. May I call you that? - But you do have one flaw. - Which would be? You care too much. You cannot save everyone, you know. Or every thing. Take this one-of-a-kind pre-Colombian artifact. Exquisite, no? But anything is disposable for a price! No! Red, you there? Carmen? Ah, Marta. You must have the recruit. Even better. Oh, Ivy! How many tacos is too many tacos? Maybe just once, bro, you should try not eating like you're trying to win a contest. Guys, I lost contact with Carmen. Carm? They must have moved her. No one's here. I can't track her location. But she mentioned a client list. Do you see any loose papers, or a book maybe? Carmen's gone missing and you want us looking for some stupid book? It's a road map to a whole lot of priceless stolen art. You know Carmen's going to want it. Sonia. I hope this means you have given my offer more thought. - I'm in. - Pack a bag. A flight leaves for the school at dawn. School is gonna be cool. Could use some help here, bro. Oh. Don't feel too good. What? Bingo! So much better. Who do we have here? - Where's Carmen? - What did you do to her? She was here, and then she left. But she did take a rather keen interest in this treasure. A one-of-a-kind pre-Colombian artifact. Hope that wasn't worth a lot. Anyway, you are much too late. Your friend is about to catch a flight. Ha-ha! One which you will never make on time. Ugh. My book! You must be Sonia. - I'm Spinkick. - Flytrap. What's your thing? - Thing? - Yeah. Your skill. This, I guess. Cute. Come on, wheels up soon. Check out our precious cargo. Is this the kind of stuff they'll teach us in school? Oh, yeah. Cool. Hey, were we expecting other students? Keep her steady so I can get aboard! - To do what? - I don't know! I'm just trying to think what Carmen would do if I were in there. And Carmen would get on that plane! Huh? Heads up, Zack! It's okay, I was just playing along. You found that line you couldn't cross pretty quickly. Or maybe I just don't feel like going to a school for losers. - Oh, no! - Carm! Next time, I'll try to make any crucial life decisions - before the plane takes off. - Grab a parachute, we need to bail. Hey, aren't you supposed to be on our side? Uh, first-day crime school dropout. Hey! My shoe! Uh, parachutes work best when you're wearing them, right? Turn that plane around! I need those operatives to retrieve my black book! Not how it works. I put my own spin on it. Whoa! Ivy! Hiyah! Hey! So that's where you've been hiding. Well? Have the operatives been dispatched? And check it out, Carm. We scored that client list you were after! Go, us! So, you guys run around tripping up thieves and stealing back stolen things? Righting the world's wrongs. It's our jam. Is it odd to honor the memory of someone I don't actually remember? You never got to know your dad, but you'll find your mother, Carm. She's out there. Somewhere. Where is that black book? We have some stolen art to liberate. What? No, it's gone! Carmen, I swear I had it. I stole them. It's only right that I steal them back. You lost Carmen Sandiego and our new recruit? Worst. Halloween. Ever. But Halloween isn't over until it's over, my undead queen. Have you forgotten that The Cleaners are currently en route to New Orleans for what promises to be an even greater haunt? 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 