Carmen Sandiego: Season 1, Episode 6 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Carmen Sandiego 
 s1e6 - The Opera in the Outback Caper - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Carmen Sandiego (2019–…): Season 1, Episode 6 - The Opera in the Outback Caper - full transcript 
 The Opera in the Outback Caper. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 ♪ Where in the world Is Carmen Sandiego? ♪ ♪ Sandiego ♪ ♪ Where in the world Is Carmen Sandiego? ♪ G'day, mate! Crikey! Australia's one big country! That's some accent. Been practicing. I wanted to brush up on the latest leg of your nonstop tour, Red. So, what's playing at the famous Sydney Opera House tonight? Something VILE won't care to see if they decide to show. Carmen. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Well, good sign or bad omen? Depends. Don't most operas have tragic endings? Like I ever sat through one. But check it out. This Carmen's a gypsy, she likes to wear red and she hangs out with smugglers. Guess I have a new BFF. So, what's going on with Carmen, Carmen? Nothing suspicious so far. If a VILE operative's here, they have yet to show their face. You there! Scratch that. What are you doing back here? You first. What? I'm working. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 I know. "Lights out, baby." Come on, Gray, what job are you pulling tonight? First, it's "Gray-ham," and second, since electricians don't seem to intimidate you, I'll be more than happy to have security escort you out. Wait, what? You don't expect me to believe this innocent act, do you? No wristband, no backstage access. I don't make the rules. You really don't remember me? Fashion statement aside, mate, you'd be hard to forget. If there is a next time, I promise not to make that mistake again. Guess you just, uh, remind me of someone I used to know. I have one of those faces. Enjoy the show. Player, did you...? Yeah, I heard all of it. So, what's your old classmate's game? Not sure he has one. He had no idea who I was. What did they do to him? Red, our intel indicates a VILE operative's inside the opera house right now. Crackle worked there as an electrician before you knew him at VILE Academy. He knows the layout. - How can you be sure he isn't playing you? - Besides the look in his eye? I'm staring at another VILE operative right now. It's Le Chevre, and he's brought some sort of shiny new toy. Carmen? Do you mean me or the opera? Hup, hup. What have we here? Hup! This will do. What was that all about? Player, I have no idea what I just heard, but it had to be a VILE note. Good thing I was in record mode. Let's play it back and find out. Phase one accomplished, Dr. Bellum. The seed has been planted. Superb. But skip the singing. You bleat like a goat. Oh, and did you happen to see my dear boy? El Topo? He is tunneling, according to plan. Not your dear boy. Mine. Crackle. Such a fine student. I shall never forget him. And he shall never remember us. I would not make light, Le Chevre. Slip up on the job like he did, and I could be draining your brainpan someday. Uh... And on the topic of former students, a certain Carmen made a guest appearance at tonight's performance of Carmen. Then I do hope she had the opportunity to hear my remix. Launch the Boomerang. Launch the Boomerang. It's Dr. Saira Bellum. Not exactly the voice of an angel. Concealed in the sound wave projected from Goat Boy's device. Most likely a subliminal message, designed to make the listener follow its command. As in that's one tune I don't want stuck in my head. As in let's hope it isn't. You were at the opera, too. Except I wasn't the target. I don't have a boomerang to launch, whatever that means. Thought you'd never ask. There's only one launchable boomerang I could find, a rocket, and it happens to be right there in Australia. It's owned by HelioGem, a private company with a four billion-dollar space flight contract. So I poked around the data in VILE's hard drive, and guess what. Your former teachers have been trying to get a piece of the business, too. And all this has what to do with an opera? My thought exactly, which is why I hacked into the opera house box office and HelioGem's employee database. And one name in common turned up. Dr. Jeanine Dennam, lead engineer of the Boomerang and avid opera buff. Guess who purchased a ticket for tonight's performance of Carmen. So Bellum's subliminal message was directed at Dr. Dennam. You got it. And I imagine whatever tune happened to be playing at that time would trigger her into obeying the command. I just can't figure out what the Villains International League of Evil would have to gain by forcing her to launch her own rocket. Considering it's VILE, I say we hightail it to HelioGem ASAP and see if we can't find out. Easier said than done, Red. The HelioGem base is pretty deep in harsh outback territory. - I'd recommend finding a guide. - Found one. Wait, Crackle again? You're playing with a live wire, Red. Don't forget, he once tried to electrocute you on a train. On direct orders from VILE, whom he doesn't seem to know even exists anymore. Hey, I remember you. Ol' Red Sneakeroo. Good memory. Not really. So, looking to get backstage for an autograph? No. To the outback for some sightseeing. Thought you could be my guide. I wish. Something fried the soundboard tonight. I have to pull an early morning shift to troubleshoot. You mentioned having a bad memory. Why is that? Well, I... I kind of messed up on the job a while back, got a little "jolt," as we sparkies say. Complete blackout, long hospital stay, blah, blah. There's more than an entire year of my life I can't remember. A whole year? I'd say I'm lucky to have my job back if electrician weren't such a dangerous occupation. Oh, I can think of worse ones. Is this the address of an outback guide? A good guide's easy to find online. This is the address of my favorite café in Sydney. I'll be there Friday night at 8:00 p.m. You? Let's see if I make it back from my tour in one piece. Hey, I never got your name! Carmen. You are a cheeky one. The outback, it may sound like someone's backyard, but it's a huge wilderness that covers more than 80 percent of Australia. That's over half the size of the US or China. Tons of room to roam for all the local critters, like dingoes, crocodiles and kangaroos. Yo, what's up, joey? Smack in the middle of all that real estate sits Ayers Rock. Whoa! What kind of rock is two miles long and over 1,000 feet tall? One the Aboriginal people who live there consider sacred. Their name for it is Uluru. Just be careful, Red. Like I said, there's some pretty harsh terrain out there in the outback. I hear kangaroos are wicked good boxers. - Ever go a few rounds with one, Miro? - I can't say that I have. Oh, well, how about a crocodile? - Ever wrestle one of those? - No, sorry. Ooh, what about koalas? Are they really as vicious as everyone says they are? - Oh, no, wait. Is that dingoes? - What about that rock, Zack? I'd shove it in your mouth to shut you up, but I don't think it's big enough. - Uluru. - Very good. The ground it occupies has been home to my people for at least 22,000 years. We're on sacred land. That's right. - Yo, Red. - Excuse me, Miro. Good news. Turns out HelioGem delayed the launch of the Boomerang to do some serious repair work. The rocket's defective. So there's no launch to stop. Boy, will VILE be surprised. - No, this is their plan. - What? Miro, how far are we from HelioGem? It's not too far outside the park boundaries. Player, what happens if a defective rocket prematurely launches? Depends on the defect. It might not achieve orbit. Or explode before it reaches the atmosphere, raining debris down on sacred Aboriginal land? The public outcry would be so great, HelioGem would lose their contract. Paving the way for VILE to step in and take it over since they pulled strings to make it look like HelioGem's incompetence was at fault. We have to prevent the desecration of Uluru. You aren't tourists, are you? We're rocket scientists. Divide and conquer, crew. We know the trigger's in the music. You two need to find Dr. Dennam and make sure she doesn't decide she's in the mood to hear Carmen. We hear you, Carmen. Our boss, not the opera. And I'll see to it no one launches the Boomerang until it's ready to soar. Player, let's steal some launch codes. There she is! Oh, no! Dr. Jeanine Dennam, stop! Pardon? We're your new interns. You are? So, what you listening to, Doc? A podcast about exploring Proxima b. Not an opera? Goodness, I find opera far too distracting when I'm working. Whoa! This guy says there's a second Earth that might have aliens on it! We have got to visit this planet. And I'm in. Good thing, Red, because it would take me hours to hack through the HelioGem firewalls from where I sit. Whoa, that's a big button. System default. Once you delete the launch codes, it'll retract. Until then, just don't press it, whatever you do. Are you ready, mon ami? Hold on to your horns, mi amigo, for the show is about to begin. Then my colleagues found me huddled in the corner of the laboratory, weeping. Puccini never fails to reduce me to tears. That was the day I decided the laboratory is no place for opera. Ah! I love Bizet! Launch the Boomerang. Launch the Boomerang. - Uh-oh! - We can't let her get to mission control. Launch the Boomerang. No Boomerangs this way, that's for sure. Launch the Boomerang. What do you want to do that for anyway? Launch the Boomerang. You got some determination, Doc. Launch the Boomerang. All this talk about "lunch" is making me hungry. Focus, Zack. Launch the Boomerang. Launch the Boomerang. The lab is totally no place for opera. Launch the Boomerang. - Launch the Boomerang. - Oh! We did Carmen wicked proud. Our boss, not the opera. One more sequence should do it. Launch the Boomerang. Launch the Boomerang. Launch the Boomerang. The subliminal message! Red, snap out of it! Launch the Boomerang. Launch the Boomerang. - Launch the Boomerang. - Launch sequence activated. Liftoff in T-minus three minutes. Launch the Boomerang. Whoa! Sweet subwoofer. - Player? - Guys, Carmen activated the rocket. It launches in less than three minutes! - What? - Carm went to the dark side? She's hypnotized, and she'll stay that way as long as that music's playing. I've pinpointed the audio source. It's coming from a utility tunnel under the facility. You need to shut it down so Carmen can snap to her senses. We need her to disable the rocket. I can handle that last part. Go axe a DJ, bro. Okay, Ivy, you'll need to get to the control panel and remove the launch drive. What control panel? It's on the rocket's payload. Top of the tower. Ooh, that's really up there. Ninety seconds to launch. You cannot out-climb a goat! Have you not heard the alert? - What alert? - The dingo alert. The doggies are going wild out there. It's... it's the high notes. They, uh... Gets them all crazed and bloodthirsty! Do they come below ground? I'm a rocket scientist, not a zookeeper. Oh, but, but they're out there, and they mangled some French dude! Le Chevre! Launch the Boomerang. Nails on a chalkboard. Launch the Boomera... What? What have I done? Oh, boy. Oh, boy! Oh, boy! Oh, boy! Oh, boy! What? Let go! - Get out of my way! - My face! Oh, boy. Le Chevre, it is safe to come down. The dingoes have all gone! What are you talking about? Enjoy the flight. What? You can't leave me here. I'm no space cadet. I've got you. Good work, Ivy. Number two, huh? I think I just did that in my pants. Remember, Red, Crackle once tried to... Turn out my lights with a sizzle stick, I know, but... before he was Crackle, he was Gray. And Gray was like a big brother to me. I thought I lost him for good, but this could be, I don't know... some sort of do-over? A second chance? Okay, let's say that I buy that Gray, Crackle, Graham, whoever, really is a happy electrician with a bright future now. We know Dr. Bellum's into mind-control experiments. What if she played him some opera music, too? What if VILE is waiting to see you with him so they can flip a switch? Bam! Instead of launching a rocket, Crackle's crunching a Carmen. You have a point, Player. I can't let VILE see me with him. But not for my safety, for his. What? Why? For whatever strange reason, Gray has a fresh start now. And having Carmen Sandiego back in his life would only complicate that. My star student. Thank you for coming. I was wondering if you would be up for a certain task. Bring me the hat of Carmen Sandiego. I will take that as a "yes." 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 