Carmen Sandiego: Season 3, Episode 4 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Carmen Sandiego 
 s3e4 - The Masks of Venice Caper - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Carmen Sandiego (2019–…): Season 3, Episode 4 - The Masks of Venice Caper - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 ♪ Where in the world is Carmen Sandiego? ♪ ♪ Sandiego ♪ ♪ Where in the world is Carmen Sandiego? ♪ What have we become? I never fathomed that we could be capable of such excess. New neighborhood, didn't know how many trick-or-treaters to expect. We are occupying a secret base, Coach Brunt. What made you think we would expect any? Ugh. And was it worth making ourselves sick? If you come across any with nougat, do put them aside for me. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Now, my candy-coated Countess, after last night's bayou fiasco, we are looking forward to your mask-themed scheme. The assigned operatives are preparing to rendezvous as we speak, and I shall provide all pertinent details... Hmm, right after one last little morsel. You smack down VILE in one part of the world, and they pop up in another. In this case, Venice, Italy. The entire city is constructed on 118 small islands, separated by canals and connected by something like 400 bridges. It's completely surrounded by water. That's why you'll never see an automobile in Venice, Player. Everyone either walks or rides in boats. Check it out! 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Venice has an annual event called Carnevale, where people wear elaborate costumes and masks. A shame we're here in fall rather than spring. The masks and costumes of Carnevale di Venezia can be molto bello, as they say in Italy, "very beautiful." Whoa. Looks like they can also be molto creepy. But since VILE's managed to mask the particulars of their plan this time around, I thought you might want to do recon by touring the city's canals with old friends. I am sorry that your quest to find your mother has been sidelined by business as usual. It was entirely my choice. Besides, the more good people I manage to meet in this crazy world, the more I'm reminded that family comes in many forms. I, for one, cannot argue with your sentiment. Agent Devineaux, since your first solo outing wasn't exactly a rousing success, I'm assigning you a new partner. Hopefully, someone who will not slow me down. Agent Zari, bonjour. Chief. Agent Devineaux. Better make that buongiorno. You're both headed for Venice, Italy, which our Crime-Net technology has pinpointed as Carmen Sandiego's current location. Find out what she's targeting and report back. Just try not to slow me down, partner. Of course not. The Piazza San Marco. Ooh! Is that the one they make with peppers and onions? "Piazza," Zack, not "pizza." It's the Italian word for "public square." Aww. Hey, Carm, check it out. Masks all over again. Coincidence? Not likely. I just wish we had more to go on than a hunch. We do. Mime Bomb. He could be casing the museum. Or preparing to rendezvous with another operative. - Mime on the move. - Keep a lookout. Now, where is Mime Bomb off to? Hey, it's that Australian guy! I'm from New Zealand. Completely different country, nitwit. He's right, Ivy. I really should know that by now. Oh, come on. Okay, you got me. Not really! Ha-ha! Hey! If you two are trying not to catch me, you're doing a spectacular job. Olive oil? Well, we sure gave them the ol' slipperoo, didn't we, mate? You might say that you and Neal the Eel make quite the team, don't you think? Well, you might say that if you weren't the quiet type. We should move up the timetable and steal those masks tonight. And upon sighting La Femme Rouge among the crowd, I cautiously closed in on my prey. - You didn't peel off after her? - It was not a pursuit, not yet. More like a battle of wits between two archrivals. Wits doesn't explain why Chief wanted you playing second banana to me. Wait. You heard about my... disguise? We're a covert surveillance agency, Devineaux. Details matter. But, really, you couldn't just wear a mask? Yes, a mask would've been... I mean, would be precisely the kind of thing Carmen Sandiego would try to steal if it were a valuable enough mask. Devineaux, you may be onto something. The Mask of Agamemnon is a ceremonial burial mask dating from Ancient Greece, over 3,000 years ago. It was raised from a single sheet of gold. Whoa. Must be worth a fortune. Indeed, but every mask of our exhibit is truly priceless. A mengu mask worn by samurai. These particular masks have been gathered here for the first time under one roof, accompanied by scholars from their respective countries of origin. They will be speaking about the unique culture and heritage of each mask during a lecture today. Would one of the visiting scholars be from Japan? Yes, he was here just a moment ago. But if you will excuse me, I must begin a tour group. I do not expect your forgiveness. I only ask that you allow me to correct this grave dishonor. These masks are historically and culturally significant, but that won't stop Countess Cleo from treating them like fashion accessories before selling them off to the highest bidder. Heads up, Carm. ACME's in the house. Is that such a bad thing? I mean, why not just tip them off about the caper and let them handle it? I might have been able to trust Jules, but it looks like Devineaux's riding with a new partner. Whoa. Did we lose Shadowsan? I cannot steal something so meaningful to my brother on his watch. Not again. We aren't stealing the masks. You know that. Hideo would not discern the difference. You know that. He won't see you, no one will. You're a ninja. A dirty word to one who has devoted his life to studying the ways of honorable samurai. You also know that if we don't steal them first, VILE will. We do not know if or when the thieves will strike, but please watch for any suspicious behavior. Museum Special Security has further details. Their leader is a young woman who goes by the name Carmen Sandiego. And these are two of her known accomplices. - Everyone in position? - On the ground. - On the water. - In the security system. Let's do this. Perimeter alarm deactivated. Copy that, Player. We're moving in. Initiating Operation Carnevale. Scusa, the museum... ...she is closed. Not to us, she isn't. Deactivating pressure sensors. He'll never know you were here. Let us hurry. As you can see, the exhibit is safe. What magnificent treasures. This isn't what we saw earlier. Uh... We have moved the most valuable masks here for, how you say, safekeeping? Then why weren't we informed? Eh? I am sorry, my English is not so good. Se vuoi, possiamo parlare in italiano. Il tuo italiano è eccellente, signora. Ho studiato a Firenze per due anni. Di dove sei? She's asking where you're from. Say this. La mia famiglia è di Milano. La mia famiglia è di Milano. It is in the north where we are fair of skin and red of hair. Wait here. I'm checking the rest of the exhibit. Suhara. And I am in like Flynn. Mime Bomb, I'll see you at the window. And remember to wear your mask. Have you alerted the police? And bring further shame on our family name? Hideo-san, please trust me, not everything is as it seems. I remember you. Carm, company's coming. I've got eyes on VILE. Look, we are taking the masks, but only to protect them from real thieves. A street performer? He is no common clown. He is an elite member of... - an international criminal organization. - You mock me. It is clear that you are both attempting to distract me while your cohort does the dirty work. Don't mind me, I'll be through in a jiff. Ooh! Ahh! Ha-ha! Carmen. - Suhara! - Be careful, it's delicate. Beware of electric eels. Olive oil. You can find it everywhere in Italy. - Ha! - Whoa! Oil's well that ends well. Stealing cannot be the only way to protect the masks. It is the only way we know. What can I do to help? And this mask dates back to the 16th century from the, uh, Al Dente region. Dull facts, boring things. Whoa! Hm? What is this? Five euro? This is a souvenir mask! Don't move. If it isn't Carmen Sandiego... and her mysterious partner... What? I did not have olive oil. Oh, no. She is... Law enforcement. Like I said, not everything is as it seems. Hey, look. No worries. We're gonna go with plan B. All right, bro? Stop! Theft in progress. Two suspects are leaving the Palazzo Ducale now! Agent Zari. What happened? Sandiego, she's getting away. Not on my watch. I feel like they are my responsibility. It is best if you are not seen by the authorities. - Cargo secure. - Arrivederci. La Femme Rouge! Untie us. She's getting away! The real rope! So close. No side-seat driving, mate. Prepare to be boarded. Addio! And the eel takes the bait. Devineaux, report. I am in pursuit! Huh? Mask and you shall receive. Halt! Carmen Sandiego, you are under... ...arrest. Handle with care, Devineaux. They're fragile. What? And be sure the Palazzo takes note of all points of entry. Getting in was too easy. Jules would understand. I did not do it alone. Stealing things only to return them makes absolutely no sense! Well done, Devineaux. Uh, I was thinking perhaps that I did not do it alone. Winner, winner, chicken dinner. What? A bunch of cheap souvenirs? What's that? You enjoy marching bands? Your spandex is riding up on you? You're not making any sense, mate. Fermare! Buongiorno, fellas. Just out doing some early morning souvenir shopping! That is him! Second suspect still at large, with the painted face of a mime. Scusa. Rest assured, the masks have been turned over to the authorities. So, you are working with the police? It is complicated. You are performing a samurai's work in ninja's clothing. Then I cannot welcome you back home. Not while you still have important work ahead of you. My place is with her for now. You are a snake? No, Cleo, an eel. Neal has been captured. The silly fool. Chin up, team! Before the day is over, we will have Neal the Eel slithering free and Carmen Sandiego in our clutches. Oh. And how do you intend to pull that off, Roundabout? By baiting her with a most impossible heist. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 