Keeping Up with the Kardashians: Season 19, Episode 4 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Keeping Up with the Kardashians 
 s19e4 - Trouble in Palm Springs - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Keeping Up with the Kardashians (2006–…): Season 19, Episode 4 - Trouble in Palm Springs - full transcript 
 Kris plans a daughter bonding getaway to Palm Springs, but Kendall and Kylie's big fight derails the trip. Scott ruins one of Kris antiques and gets Mason to help him with the cover- up. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Khloe: Tonight on keeping keepi with the kardashians... So, ken, are you gonna come to palm springs this weekend? I think we're due for a good bonding session. Corey: I have not been super close to kendall, so I really, really hope we can carve out some time together in palm springs. Kris: Oh, hi, mase! This is a fortress. I just finished disinfecting the entire house. I was especially worried about coronavirus, because there's so many of us. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 So that means clean everything in sight. Khloe: (whooping) let's go! Okay, now fall! I'm planning on getting loose, having a few drinks... (screaming, clamoring) ...And just positive vibes. Kylie: Kendall... Whatever, you're a hater! You're not gonna ruin my (bleep) night! - I'm having a good time. - Okay. You ruined my (bleep) night. So I can do whatever the (bleep) I want, corey. Khloe: It's supposed to be a fun sister night. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Let's just (bleep) have fun. (phone rings) - what's happening? - (indistinct screaming) what's happening? Okay, we have to go get kendall, turn around! ♪ ♪ khloe: So what is this shindig for? Our photoshoot. - Oh, your fragrance together? - Forever we'll be together. - What does it smell like... mom or you? - Totally mom. Kanye smelled it and was like, "you have to change this. - This is exactly your mom." - (laughs) I go, "that's the point!" so it's, like, very... Pungent? Kris: Am I pungent? Yeah. It's a good thing. - Wow. - Yeah. (laughs) did you watch episode one? Kris: It made me cry at the fight. What? Kris: It was just very upsetting you guys were being physical with each other at 39 and 40 years of age. ♪ ♪ I was in paris when this fight took place. And I obviously heard about it, but really had no idea how intense it was until I saw it for myself. - Stop! - (gasps) quit! Guys, stop! I just feel like it's hard to come to work when you feel this intense attitude and being ganged up on every day. Although me and my family are super close and love doing what we do, watching the girls argue or fight or get physical with one another is really hard for me. I'm worried about kourtney. Maybe she really needs you guys sitting down, go, "kourtney, I realize you're hurting. "talk to me, honey. I love you. Tell me what's happening." that's how I hope somebody talks to me. Kim: So maybe you should say... Khloe: Why don't you say it? Maybe she would love... - Why don't you say...? - Yeah, why don't you say, - well, I'm going to. - "hey, I saw the episode..." well, this is the first time I saw it. -I'm devastated. -"...And it made me feel really bad for you." - kris: Yeah. - Khloe: Call her right now. Kim: I do think it'll make her feel better and supported. (line ringing) kourtney: Hi. Kris: Hi, sweetie. What's going on? Kourtney: I'm gonna pick up mason from school. Kris: Um, well, I just wanted to tell you that I watched the episode this morning on the way to... Shoot today. Oh, yeah, I haven't seen it yet. I just feel really bad, and I just wanted to tell you that if... (choked up): ...If you need somebody to talk to, that we should sit down, because I just feel really bad. Kourtney (crying): Thank you. I'm fine, I'm fine now. It's just, it was like everyone was ganging up on me for like two-two (bleep) years. Yeah. Kourtney: And I feel fine now, but, like, it's just such a natural thing in our family, what everyone does. If someone goes any way against what everyone else is doing, it just seems like they just attack. - I feel better now... - (kris clears throat) ...Like I can actually just see that and say, "you're not putting this on me, it's on you." - you know? - Kris: Yeah. Kourtney and I have really been working on our relationship. And before the fight episode aired, we were really reconnecting; things were better. And then, of course, when the episode airs, all that we've already gone through and worked through our stuff, it brings up old emotions again. It brings up old feelings. It makes me really, really sad to see, I think, the divide between all of us. I value kourtney. I love kourtney. And I want her to feel loved and valued by me, too. Kris: We all have different emotions over different things, and I just want you to know how much I love you and that I'm here for you if you need me. - Kourtney: Thank you. - Okay. I love you. Kourtney: Okay, I love you. - Bye-bye. - Okay, bye. Kris: Part of my job is to make sure that the girls are getting along right now. I'm a firm believer that if there's a problem, and if there's tensions amongst people, we have to get together and have some quality family time. So I think it's time to go to palm springs and spend some time together in everybody's happy place, and just have a really good time. See you later. Woman: Sit there on that table. ♪ ♪ - that was so cute. - So cute. - You look beautiful. - It's perfect. That was good. ♪ ♪ reporter: With growing coronavirus concerns, the cdc is recommending everyone wash their hands for at least 20 seconds, and to avoid touching their faces. - Kris: Hi. - (man laughs) - wow. Hi, how are you? - This is jason. - Kris, I'm jason. - I'm not gonna... - I'm gonna do that. - How are you? -I'm good. -Good, good, good. Welcome. Welcome. Wow. Corey: Ferrari, for the first time, is coming out with the sf90 that's basically an apple laptop, but ferrari style. Well, we're basically designing three cars today. We're designing corey's ferrari, kris's ferrari and kendall's ferrari. I wanted one first, and then she got educated, then she educated her offspring. -How are you? Good to meet you. -Good. Good to meet you. Kris: Don't shake anybody else's hand again. I was gonna say something, but I thought it was rude. - Jason: Sorry. - It-it kind of is. - Like, I thought we were... - I'm gonna go... I'm gonna just go wash my hands because - I touched the doorknob, too, and I'm freaking out. - Okay. Kris: I'm super excited to go to palm springs. Everybody's coming, except for kendall. So that's really the goal today is to get kendall on board to come to palm springs. So, ken, what color horse? - I like the grays of the silvers or whatever. - Yeah. Or yellow, 'cause you have the yellow calipers. I think it makes it fun. You're getting a sports car. You might as well have fun with it. - Yeah. - And you're making it. And if you think the carbon fibers may be too flashy, then you might do the matte carbon fiber. As we're buying a ferrari. -"if you think it's too flashy..." -jason: Too flashy. - Great. - Kris: Kendall, if you start coming to palm springs with me, we could bring our cars and go to the race track one day. I go to palm springs. Are you gonna come to palm springs this weekend? I don't know, I just think it's a lot of-of people. - Is it not? - It is a lot of people, but I think we're due for a good bonding session. - But, like going there is supposed to be... - Bonding, bonding. Bonding! And you got all your (bleep) there to hang out and play. Kris: Your clothes are there. I'll pack for you. - Okay. - You'll go? - Sure. - Kris: She's gonna go. Yeah! Now I'm excited. Corey: Anybody that's close to kris, that's important to her, will also be important to me. Kris has six kids: Five girls, one boy. That's a lot of girls in one group, so it's hard to be close to everybody. I'm not close to kendall, but if she ever needed me, I'll be there. So I'm-I'm looking forward to palm springs. We can carve out some time so we can really come together. How sick is this, corey? Oh, yeah. Kris: Did you see it out there, on a black car, the hermes orange? You gotta see it. I'm a... I'm a little obsessed. The one straight ahead. I mean, yeah, it would be really crazy. Kris: But yeah, clinging to the black is chic. No matter how many times I try to change up my mini fleet, I keep going back to black. In more ways than one. - (laughs) - corey: That's my baby. ♪ ♪ I'm here in palm springs and getting ready for the family to arrive. I'm super excited. Scott: Palm springs, here we come. - Kris: Oh, hi, mase. - Mason: Hi. I just finished disinfecting the entire house. This is a fortress. Hearing about coronavirus scares anyone. But I was especially worried because there's so many of us. So I'm just trying to learn as much as I can about the situation. And in the meantime, you just do what you can. So for me, that means clean everything in sight. This is called coronavirus. -Get that out of here. Is that binaca? -I don't know. But I'm doing every wall in the house. Yeah, you guys go to the sink and wa... "please wash your hands." corey: Oh, he's already... Scott: Let's go get situated and get ourselves in the pool. Good seeing you. Love you. Please don't touch the doorknobs. ♪ ♪ kim: So my mom suggests that we all take a family trip to palm springs. Hi, reigny. What are you doing? You're here, too. I'm just going with the flow. I want to have a good time. I want to hang out in palm springs. And I just think it'll be good for us. Here to say hi to him. Oh. Just to say hi to saint. Look how cute they are. They're so excited to see each other. - Kris: Oh, hi, kourt. - Hi. Oh, well, praise the lord. Khloe: Are you feeling ambushed? - Yeah. - Or overwhelmed is what I meant. What are you two doing? Just one big happy family. - Kendall: Who's in that room? - Kris: Kylie. Kendall: She's actually coming? I have no... I-I'm assuming she is. - I mean, if they don't mind, they don't mind. See? - Hi, stormi! Hello. Khloe: Kourtney and I used to be very connected, like, without even doing anything. Like, we could do nothing, and we just... Always had fun. (laughing) oh, my gosh. (loud grunt) (yells) (laughing nearby) that's it. This trip is supposed to be about kourtney where she feels that we're interacting with her. (sighs): I... Hope... And I just hope we're gonna have... Fun. Kourtney: Mwah! Coronavirus kiss. - Khloe: Kourtney, participate, babe. - I'm coming. I feel like you're not participating with us. I've been here the whole time. (laughter, indistinct chatter) khloe: Kourtney, dinner! Scott: All right, let's eat. Kourtney: Let's get our food, kids. - Kendall: Chef, this is so good. - Kim: So good. Both: Thank you. Kourtney: You guys, my whole car ride down with kendall, - oh, my god. - When I sneezed, she rolls down the window. And then when I coughed... (coughs) ...She was like, "you know you're not supposed to cough on your hand." khloe: Sounds like torture. Did you hear, corona can be spread through money? - That's crazy. - Kris: All right, let's talk about something else. Mason: Is kylie coming today or tomorrow? Scott: Maybe not at all. Khloe: I texted her. - Kourtney: Did she write you back? - Not yet. No, but she's posting up a storm, - oh. - And I'm like, "just answer." it's always really nice when the whole family ends up making it, so if kylie ends up coming, that'll be really nice. She does miss out on a lot of family trips, which, you know, is sad sometimes. - Is kylie here? - Man: Mm-hmm. - She didn't come at all? - Yeah. I mean, I came all the way from... - Kris: London. - You did. She had to fly two hours. I just don't get to spend a ton of time with kylie all the time, um, just 'cause she is, you know, off with her friends or off with other people most of the time. So I just get really excited when we have these family trips just to, like, reconnect. Scott: All right, we're moving to the couch for the game? Kris: Be careful with the markers, guys. Don't get them on the couch. On every family trip, we like to have game night. We each get to ask the group a question, and then everybody else answers the question in secret, and then see who got the answer right at the end. Who goes first? What is kiki's favorite color, everyone? - Write it down. - Khloe: I think kimberly's favorite color is nude. Mason: I think it's pink. - I said pink, too. - Kris: Nude. White. Scott: Beige. If you had beige or nude, - you are right. - (khloe whooping) corey: With this particular group, my words always get twisted up somehow some way, so I tend to just be quiet, so that kris don't have to stress out. I want kris always happy, 'cause she got a lot of things to be stressed out about. Kendall: Where's the sheet of questions? Are you hungry? Want me to get you... - A plate? - Yes, please. Here, let me make you a plate. Kendall: Oh, I like this one. I don't think any of you are gonna get it. How old was I when I had my first kiss? Khloe: Um, 12? Y... Okay. Your turn. 12, but it was in a shower. That's what I know. Oh, my god! 12. Okay. - 14. - Reign: Me, 13. 13? - I was 12. But I-I thought - (yells) I was 14, then I was, like, no, no, no, I was definitely 12. - Wait, so was it in the shower? - And it was in a shower. - What? You were in a shower... - The shower was not on. We were fully clothed. We were playing truth or dare, and it was me and this kid chuck, who I had the biggest crush on of all time. We literally invited them over to play truth or dare. But to get some privacy when we wanted to, like, kiss, we had to go into the shower and, like, close the curtain. (laughs): Kendall! - Khloe: How do you know that? - Mason: She told me. - Kris: Kourtney, you didn't do one. - I'm coming. Kourtney, have fun and participate, babe. I feel like you're not participating with us. Kourtney: I need to see the questions. I've been here the whole time. No, you've been here and you've been amazing, but I just want you to be interactive. Kourtney: I've been really present here in palm springs and hanging out with the family and really excited, and I get up for two seconds to get something for reign, because my kids' needs come before anyone else. And I think I'm at the place now where I try to not take things as personally, and I know that I can just control my reactions. And I'm not gonna get into an argument. What's my favorite season? Christmas. - That's not a season. - Khloe: That's a holiday. -Oh. -Khloe: I would think winter. Ken? Um, summer. - Kris: Fall. - Kourtney: It's winter. (whoops) - I win again! - Kris: Well, that was a fun game. - Wow. - Up. Kendall (laughs): Full service, baby. Good night, kourt. Good night, scott. - Kourtney: Good night. - Scott: Good night. Kris: Good night, p. Good night, mason. Good night, reign. Good night, kim. Good night, northie. Good night, saintie. Good night, chi chi. Good night, psalm. Good night, khloe. Good night, true. Oh, my god, did I miss anyone? Good night, corey. ♪ ♪ scott: Holy... This thing off-roads. Kris: You guys okay? Relaxing? I got this. - (speaks indistinctly) - kris: What? Khloe: Do you want me to help you, mom? Kris: Oh, no, I got it. Nice, relaxing weekend. It's all good. (kris chuckles) this thing turns on a dime. Oh, kendall, what are you wearing? Only you could wear this outfit. With your ass out? Everything? ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ - (object shatters) - (scott gasps) scott: Uh-oh. What are we gonna do? Of course, I run into a lamp that's probably a billion dollars, break it, shattered, the whole nine. I don't know what to do. The last thing I really want to do is get in trouble with kris. Mason: Oh, she's gonna kill us. Kris: I notice my lamp is missing. A very expensive, vintage lamp is missing. Mama's not happy. - I never saw a lamp there. - Kris: I'm gonna get to the bottom of lampgate if it kills me. You know lovey's gonna kill us. Mason: Lovey's gonna kill us. - Kill. - Kill. - With a capital "k." - yeah. Scott: I say we just clean it up and make pretend it never happened. - (shards scraping) - quietly, guys. This is a mission. - Reign: What are you doing? - We're cleaning... You know what, reign? Just-just cleaning up something really quick. Okay, let's go, let's go. - All right, hit that button and close 'er up. - Okay. - ♪ ♪ - everybody, move. I think we're good. Lovey'll never see that. Mission completed. Robert: This is a bathing beauty. Kris: Hi, kendall. - (indistinct chatter) - dad! ♪ ♪ I have been so busy in l.A., and it was also my best friend's birthday last night, so this was the earliest that I can get to palm springs, but I am so happy to be here with my family. Kylie! How the hell are ya? I love having everybody here. It makes the best memories. - Right? - That's why I'm so glad kylie's here. - Yeah. - And little stormi. Kris: I was so excited. She knocked on the door - at 7:00 this morning. - Surprise, surprise. Kris: I was like, "whoo!" just when you thought she was out. You know, kylie's my ace. We-we-we always shoot the (bleep). She's always, like, such a happy, outgoing person. And she's the one that contact me and check on me, like, the most, so I'm really excited that she's here. Khloe: Ready, set, go! Khloe: (whooping) let's go! Okay... (indistinct chatter) (exhales) -kourtney: Do you like it? -True: Yeah. -Khloe: "yes." are you excited to go out tonight? Mm, yeah. I'm not excited for, like, what we're doing, I'm excited for having a sister night out. Like, yeah. Like you said, like, go out with sisters - and, like... - Yeah, no. I mean, g... doing anything different is fun, too. I just don't think it's, like, the dream thing I would pick. - I don't even know what the dream thing I would pick is. - Right. It's our last night in palm springs, and khloe decides that we should all go out. I'm in a place in my life where I'm not really going out all the time. I don't really drink. Kendall and kim and I are on the same page with that. I usually just love to chill at the house, watch movies, play games. Just kind of be together, and so, I feel like going out and drinking and having a wild time, like, seems to be what khloe needs and how she feels connected to us, so, you know, that's the reason I'm going. -But just, like, for us to do something as a unit. -Totally. No, I said, I'm excited to go do something together. And to do something that's, like, harmless fun. - It's not like anything too crazy. - Yeah. - And then it's just, like, a memory... - True: I've got this! ...In my opinion. Yeah, no, I'm excited for a sister night out. (indistinct chatter in distance) (utensils clacking, clinking in distance) - ♪ ♪ - hmm. Hmm. When I bought this house, I was so excited to decorate it. I had so much fun picking out every little thing. And when I notice my lamp is missing... A very expensive vintage lamp is missing... Mama's not happy. Have you seen... The lamp that was down there on that table? (chuckles) someone took the lamp? No. Why would I take your lamp? I know it sounds like I'm lying, but I wouldn't take your lamp, sweets. But... A missing lamp? - Yeah, I'm missing a lamp. - Kylie: Lamp. Absolutely not. Oh, maybe they use stuff like that for forts. We can go check their fort. She's known for taking a lamp to drape the thing. But I thought she just used two clothing racks. - Where's the fort? - In kourt's room. - Do you want me to go with you? - Sure. Kim: See a lamp that you're looking for? Well, first of all, what is this? It's the bedspread that was here. That's their library and their office in the corner. Where did they get these clothing racks? I have no idea. When nobody fesses up to the lamp situation, makes me really mad. What is the pool noodle doing in the bed? I think I've opened up such a beautiful place for us to all enjoy and vacation together. But, seriously, the house looks like a pigsty. Like, don't disrespect somebody else's stuff. It's crazy. Scott? Scott: You need help? -What? -Yeah. I'm looking for the lamp that was sitting right here that apparently grew some legs and just got up and walked away. I never saw a lamp there. - You never saw a lamp there? - No. -It's been there for two years. -I know. I've seen it here before, but it wasn't here this trip. Maybe it got moved around to, like, another bedroom or something. - Maybe call your designer. - I've been... Through every bedroom. So, kris is on a warpath. You know? She's well aware that this lamp is broken, and I see what she's doing to this noodle. And I'm not trying to be on the other end of this. Whoa. I'm gonna get to the bottom of lampgate if it kills me. Kylie: You look cute. Kendall. This sister night is turning into just catfights left and right over clothes. Whatever. You're here. You're not gonna ruin my (bleep) night. - I'm having a good time. - You ruined my (bleep) night, so I can do whatever the (bleep) I want to. - Saint: Messy. - Good. Okay, we'll swap. - (saint sneezes) - it makes me sneeze. Hey, chef? - Yes, ma'am. - Do you know what happened to the little white lamp that was sitting over there? Okay. So if somebody knows where the white lamp is, you guys just have to tell me. If someone's lying to me, that's the part that's unacceptable. I asked everyone, and I just don't understand why somebody just doesn't come clean and tell me who misplaced the lamp. It's got to be one of the kids, one of the grandkids, somebody cleaning, cooking. Tell me where the damn lamp is, so I can relax. Just tell me what happened to the white lamp. Just... I'm so upset that somebody's - just not being truthful. - (quietly): Go. Our stay is no more welcomed. Mason and I have plans tomorrow back in l.A., so we're gonna leave tonight, which actually works out to be perfect, because kris is on a war hunt for this lamp and I'm surely not trying to get charged $127,000 or some crap that she's gonna say this lamp was. - Don't you feel bad? - I've done worse. - You should just tell her. - I can't. - Mmm. True. - If you admit it to her now, she'll think you're a better person. - You don't want... - Who raised you to be such a good kid? My mom. You're not wrong. I just had a good perspective, because then she won't trust you as much anymore. Who are you, mother teresa? And you want me to be a gentleman and you lie? - You're right. - What are you talking about? If I'm gonna raise you the way I want to raise you, you're right. - I'm not gonna set a bad example. I'm gonna tell her. - Yeah. All right, let's go. Obviously, I raised my kids better than I even thought. You know, I got my ten-year-old son telling me that I should confess. And he's right. I should just tell her the truth. - Lovey? - Lovey. But I'm bringing mason in, because... I don't feel like she would charge me in front of my kid. - Hey, mase. - My dad has something to tell you. Kris: He does? I don't think it was a good example that I was setting in front of everybody. I broke the lamp. - You broke the lamp? - Yeah. It's nobody's fault but mine. - And I should've just said it from there. -'cause you wouldn't... yeah. - Yeah. - I blamed it on my kids. I blamed it on the grandkids. Why didn't you just tell me from the very beginning? He was nervous. I was scared you were gonna flip out. Scott, at the end of the day, it's a lamp. - I know. - Honestly. And it's just that nobody would come clean - and tell me the truth. - Yeah. Yeah. That made me so much madder than anything else. Turns out breaking that lamp actually was a blessing in disguise, because it actually taught my kids a nice little lesson. You know, I think it's great that mason is a... Straight gentleman. Do you understand how you tell one white lie... Or lie, this is a full-blown lie... - How it can snowball... - It's a good lesson. - And go down a hill and get giant... - Don't lie. ...And then you can't stop it? Like, big, big, big. It's kind of like what happened to my balls as a kid. - What? What? - Mm-hmm. They were little, and then they kept snowballing - into bigger and bigger balls. - Scott. - It happened to you, too. - Oh, yeah. - Scott: Yeah. - It did. I was a baby. Little. That big. - Yeah. - All right. He's mini you. - I get it. Stop. - (laughs) ♪ ♪ that one. Ooh. Big. You can barely hold that. Do you want to straighten the ends a little more? - Mm-hmm. - Yeah? Yeah. I am so excited for tonight. We are going to a drag show, which I love. And I'm planning on getting loose, having a few drinks, and just positive vibes, having the best night. It's such a blessing you're here. 'cause when you're not here, it's not the same. - And I mean that in real life. - Yeah, we're tight. Without you, it's (bleep)... Just off. So the fact that you came up here... love you back... Has just made my whole day. Day and night from yesterday, so thank god. - God bless you. - I'm happy to be here. God bless you, child. I love corey. Corey and I have such a good relationship. I think that he's just an amazing person. I think he treats my mom amazing. And he's just helped me navigate through life. I really appreciate his advice. And he's just always been a good, good guy. What... so you're sure? You don't want me to scavenger up - something else? - Mm-mm. Mm-mm. -All right. -I'm gonna have a few more bites of this, - and then I'll... - All right, we'll have a fun car ride, all right? - All right! Bye. - No thang. Bye. ♪ ♪ - yes...! - Oh. - Oh, my gosh. - (squeals) you are going all out! - Oh, my gosh! - (chuckles) you want... - I was gonna cover mine. - Kim: You guys are so sexy. I'm totally dressed like a businesswoman. Kourtney: I dressed kylie, everyone. She's wearing all my clothes, from head to toe. Khloe: I'm shocked that fits you. Not because you're fat... Just 'cause kourtney's, like... Kris: So short. Khloe: ...A tiny girl. You want to try that cow shirt? Could be cute with your shoes. Yeah. Whenever we are in palm springs, we really just stay at the house. We don't really leave, um, the community, and it's always just chill vibes. So I didn't even really think to bring something to go out in. I didn't think we were gonna leave the house. Kourtney: Yeah. Kendall: So that's why I'm just, like, annoyed. I just... I feel really underdressed, and I had said something earlier today that I didn't really have anything to go out in. And kourtney was like, "oh, my god, I have so many looks. "um, if you need to borrow anything, "just come into my room, literally, and take whatever you want." kourtney: Kim, do you have an extra outfit for kendall? Yeah, she can go look. -Do you want to see what kim has? -Um, wait, let me see what I've got. I like that, but do you want me to s... Okay. Kylie: Corey, take this shot with me. (kylie whoops) the first shot is always the hardest. You look cute. Kendall. She literally offered it to me while we were... Khloe: Kendall, I have such a cute dress coming. It's sheer. It's... Whatever. You're here. You're not gonna ruin my (bleep) night. - I'm having a good time. - You ruined my (bleep) night, so I can do whatever the (bleep) I want to. -Khloe: I have the best dress coming here. -♪ come on, baby. ♪ This sister night is turning into... Just catfights left and right. At least, for once, there's no beef with me and kourt. Kendall, it will fit you. It's so bomb. Kendall: I'm not gonna go inside and, like, change again. Thank you. I can't wait to get to the restaurant - for my martini. - I know. So, wait, you guys are going back tonight. - Corey: Yeah. - Scott's going back tonight. And is kendall going back with you guys? Corey: That'll be interesting. Mm. I stole kendall's outfit, and she's so mad at me. I didn't... It's not really like I stole it. I don't really know what's going on with this outfit. I didn't know that it was assigned for kendall, or if it really was or not. But I brought a big baggy t-shirt and a bikini, so I... This is really the only thing that I could wear. Corey: Ain't nobody gonna steal our vibes. Kylie: Absolutely. Corey: Come on. Let's go feed mommy. Thank you. The party has started. We are here! Kris: Mason! You guys are so cute and matching. Hi, everybody! - Kourtney: Hi, guys. - Khloe: Wow. Scott: That's amazing. Kris: The shrimp cocktail here is so good. - Kris: Oh. What? - Scott: All right, guys. -Wait. Are you leaving? -Thank you for the house. -Yeah. Mase, we're all gonna miss you. You're the life of the party. - Kylie: I'm gonna miss you. - Mason: Call me or text me. - Corey: Kendall? - Huh? -Kourtney: I love you! -Scott: Bye, guys. -Kendall: Love you. - Kris: Bye, scott. - Khloe: Drive safe. - Wash your hands. - (kylie laughs) you're my best friend. You're mine! Kylie: Can I also have another, um, 42 on the rocks and a ginger ale whenever you get a chance? Thank you. ♪ cause I'm gonna get wasted ♪ ♪ I just finished a cold cup of 42 ♪ ♪ and I'm about to go for my second one. ♪ Kourtney, what the (bleep) are you on? I don't know what's going on, so I'm just appreciating my bread. You should appreciate that we're all here together. Kris: Amen. Khloe: I've been trying to reconnect with kourtney for a while now, and tonight, surprisingly, the vibe and the energy is so fun, and it's not super serious and heavy. Khloe, come with us. - Okay. - Kylie: Later, haters. (corey laughs) you guys are so sweet to let the young ones up here. Kris: Everybody who knows me knows I go to bed at 9:00, always. And even though it's way past my bedtime, I'm actually very excited to go out with everybody and have some fun, because I think we really need a great, fun night out. Corey's going home with you guys tonight? He is? (laughing): I'm pretty sure, 'cause he said, "we're going home," and I go, "mom, you're leaving tonight?" and she was like, "no." (whooping) they're such... Boring. Boring. Honestly, who has the better car? - We do! - We do! Who-who has the better car?! Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. (laughing) they're gonna be so jealous when they look at our stories, - and they're sitting in that boring car. -(laughing): I know! So their car ride is really lit? (laughing) we are on our way to the drag show. I'm literally falling asleep in the car. Kourtney: Ready, ken? We're here. - Yeah. I agree with you. - Really. But make sure my stuff is in kylie's car. You want to go with kylie for sure? - I guess. - Okay. I decide not to go into the drag show and just kind of get into kylie's car and fall asleep until they're ready to go. - Okay. - All right, let's go. (applause and cheering, whistling) kourtney: Khloe and I used to go out together, and we would be crazy, and, like, have the best time. And this is how she feels connected to us, so I'm gonna try to make the most of it and have a fun night. Oh, it's show time! - (applause and cheering) - mc: Ladies and gentlemen, - are you ready? - (all voicing assent) we got to do it. (whooping) (cheering, whooping, applause) ♪ I feel the shadows hanging over ♪ ♪ they're waiting to come closer ♪ ♪ to come and take me away ♪ yes, baby! ♪ and I ♪ ♪ can feel my heart skip... ♪ ♪ I wanna run away... ♪ ♪ ♪ (whooping, cheering) - (cheering) - what?! What?! (screaming) (whooping) kris: That was so good. Kourtney: The drag show was actually really, really fun. All the performances are really wild. And with the energy in the room, you can't, like, not have fun. You know, it's just nice to be out with my sisters. We're all laughing, and you know, just having a great time. Kylie! - Koko, you're meeting me? - Oh, you're going back to l.A. - I can't go. - I love you. (whooping) hey, it's a quiet car. (laughing): Oh. Khloe: Tonight was stressful at first, but I cannot think of a better way to end our palm springs weekend. I feel like we're all having the best time. (screaming) -bye! -Woman: We love you! -(screaming) (whooping) khloe says shake your tits. Kourtney wants to see your penis! - Khloe. - (laughter) khloe: I'm so happy kourtney came out. I appreciate the effort. We're just letting loose. It's like harmless girls' fun. We're enjoying our night. This is just the days that I miss from us. - Jose? - Yeah. She want to go to, like, a place she can use the bathroom. I just didn't want to pee in there 'cause it's so hectic, but I'm gonna have to pee. Kylie: Why would I drop you ho... Home, kendall? I'm not gonna go through the city to drop you home. Corey: Wait. Do you want your own escalade? Kylie: Yeah. Literally. Khloe: Where's corey? Kris: He went to... He went home. - (phone ringing) - uh-oh. Kendall: Corey, I'm not getting in a (bleep) escalade! - (bleep). - What's happening? Kendall: Corey, please! - Kendall: Shut up! - Kylie: Calm down. No one's tripping! Kendall: You did! - (overlapping shouting) - what are they yelling about? Where are they? Where are they? Where are they? Just where are they? We're just hearing high-pitched screaming. We can't even figure out what's happening, and it just sounds really crazy. Where are you guys? Kendall: (bleep) you! - (indistinct screams) - what's happening? What's happening? Yeah, we have to go back, kendall. Turn around, sir. - Where are they? This is crazy! - Where are you guys? (indistinct shouting) - kim: Where are they?! - Kendall: Where are you? - They left in the other car. - Kourtney: Where's kendall? No, we need to find them. Kendall: I'm at the gas station. I don't know. They're at a gas station. Can you send me your pin? Kendall: Kylie, why would I make that up? Corey did not say "(bleep) you" to kendall. Yeah, obviously, we believe you, 'cause corey cannot say that to you. All I remember corey doing is trying to break us up, and I don't really feel like this fight is about corey. I feel like this is between me and kendall, and I know corey wants the best for both of us. I think we're there. See that flashlight? Okay. Kris: Listening to the girls argue or fight... It really breaks my heart. To see everything spiral out of control... it's crazy. -Kris: Let's find out what happened! -(bleep) - what happened? - Scoot, scoot. Scoot over. - ...Him ever again. - Okay, so tell us what happened. And I will never speak to kylie ever again. - Kris: They just left you? - Yes, mom! I don't think I ever would have thought either of them were capable of taking it to that level with me, especially because I was just kind of chillin' and asked a simple question. I just didn't ever see it needing to get to that point. And I already know kylie is gonna downplay the situation and make it seem like she did nothing wrong. - What...? Tell us what happened! - Kylie's like, "jose, can we stop somewhere to go pee?" and then I was like, "oh, yeah, and should I give him my address?" she goes, "no, I'm not dropping you home. What do you think this is?" corey's like, "stop the car. Let's get kendall another car." like, no. Why would I drive all the way by myself? - Of course. - That's not his place to dictate that. So that's what I said. I said, "corey, shut up. "like, you're not even trying to be helpful. You want me out of this car." no one... Security could have come down - and gotten you off the freeway. - Anybody. - Anything else could have happened. - Fight could happen. Kris: Well, there's a million scenarios that could have worked... You could have worked it out. Just keep driving. And then, corey, on everything, said "(bleep) you," and, like, looks... Turns around to the front of the... - (phone ringing) - do not answer. - I'm not. - And I said, "(bleep) you? You're gonna say (bleep) you?" and that's when I started getting hysterical. 'cause she was like, "he didn't say '(bleep) you.' I heard. I was listening to the whole..." and I'm like, "no, I'm dead sober. I wouldn't make (bleep) up." then she smacked me. What was she screaming at you about? She, like, smacked me or something, and so I came back at her and smacked her in the face. And then she just took her heel and put it into my neck. -Mom! -Why? -I started kicking her back. - Why? - No, we got in a full fight. The fact that my sister, my blood, was reacting that way... it's so upsetting. I'm sorry. Kim: Corey's involvement just makes this more complicated, and I just feel bad for my mom. She's just stuck in the middle of this, and doesn't know how to navigate this. It really sucks. Kris: I'm really, really sorry. "kendall said, 'will you drop me off?' and I said 'no.' "I never said that.' "kendall's been in a badass mood all (bleep) day. It was crazy." I'm sure kendall is saying many things to my family. We're both very upset. I think there was a lot of miscommunication, 'cause she thought I was gonna take her all the way to beverly hills home, and I just never agreed to that, so... Things just got very out of hand. - Look, I got attacked... - Listen. I'm sor... I'm sorry you're upset, and you have every right to be. She's making... Is she (bleep) crazy? No, you're not crazy. I don't know how I'll be able to, like, forget this. I really don't. I'm pretty offended and hurt, um, by the situation. I feel super disrespected. Khloe: Well, do you want us to call you a driver - to get you home tonight? - No, no. Now I'm obviously going to the palm springs house. - I'm not going home now. - Okay. Kris: Just, like, in shock. Khloe: It's okay, mom. I know you deal with a lot. We came on this trip to try to reconnect all of us together and forget about the sister fight between kourtney, kim and myself. Now we're ending this trip with another sister fight between kendall and kylie? ♪ ♪ kris: It really chips away at my soul when anybody in my family is in a bad place with one another. No matter how big or how small, it just destroys me. So, looks like we're gonna be having another sleepless night. (door squeaks shut) khloe: You're so cute, malika. Malika wants to go on a babymoon. - (whooping) - (laughter) - kris: Have you talked to her? - I haven't talked to her. I would have never agreed to take her home. I would have loved to have a car. I could have done anything for her. I deserve an apology, and you have not given me one. Kim: Kendall and kylie haven't fought like this in years. Corey was ganging up with kylie. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 