Keeping Up with the Kardashians: Season 19, Episode 3 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Keeping Up with the Kardashians 
 s19e3 - Journey to Healing - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Keeping Up with the Kardashians (2006–…): Season 19, Episode 3 - Journey to Healing - full transcript 
 Scott experiences some troubling health issues and Khloe is determined to cure Kim of her fear of spiders. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Okay, okay, okay, okay, don't come any closer! Oh, my god! I swear I think it's gonna jump at me! North has brought up several times now that she wants a pet spider. Khloe: You should just get over this fear of yours. (laughs) have a wrangler here. What does that mean? Oh, my god! Oh, my god! Oh, my god! Oh, my god... Scott: I don't feel like this is what a normal 36-year-old feels like. When you use drugs, you need to repair that. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Scott: I just want to feel healthy. (overlapping shouts, clamoring) I'm going to the white house with three women that have just been pardoned. - Two weeks ago, they were in prison. - I know. I think it's really important to really put a face with a name or a face with an issue. I can't express what you've done for me. You've given me a second chance. You've given me a life. ♪ ♪ khloe: Ooh, hi. Ferguson: That was a good serve. That was in... try again. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Come on, scott, you got this, babe! Ready? Brandon: That one's out. Khloe: Okay, scott. Scott: Okay. This is the most activity scott's had - in, like, three years. - Maybe ten. Khloe (laughing): Maybe ten. Okay, yeah. Khloe: Scott! Scott: Ooh, I need a break. Khloe: Oh, he's fine. - Serve! - Oh, (bleep). Goddamn it! Khloe: But I love the effort! Scott: Oh, out. - Khloe: Scott, what's wrong with you? - I'm exhausted. - Where you going, you quit? - I'm just tired. - Okay. - I need a break. Lately, I've just had no energy to do anything. Like, I wake up and I'm just shot. Like, I don't have a drive to get up and run around with my girlfriend or my kids. I just don't have the energy. I don't know if I'm getting old or I'm just not in great shape, but I just want to see if there's anything wrong with me. Scott, do you want to kick us the ball? I mean, this guy... ♪ ♪ (birds chirping) khloe: How was the game? It was good. I just hated the reports that were like, "kim's booing tristan." khloe: Yeah, that's just crazy. Kim: Standing up, I was literally up going, "go, tristan! (whoops) go, tristan, go!" my family, you know, we all mean really well. I know kim has the best intentions and I know that my family just comes from a loving place. And there's no malice intent. With all that being said, tristan and I are in a good place right now. So I'm just happy that everything seems... Easy. But, no, it's crazy that this world is that sick, that they would think you would go, you and your husband would go to a game deliberately with the intent of booing true's dad. Yeah. But that's the world we live in. So somehow north conned me into going to this pet store that was right near her school, and she wants to see the tarantulas. - (groans) - I go up to the lady first, I go, "listen, I'll pay you a hundred bucks, "just say they're mean to kids... - (chuckles) - "...Not good pets, "they bite everyone... Say whatever you got to say." - yeah. - "I'll pay you." and the woman's like, "they make great pets. - Do you want to hold it?" - (gasps) you know, pulling them out, showing her, and I'm literally like... I have a pretty awful relationship with spiders. I absolutely hate them. -Kris: Kim, there's a spider on you. -(kim screams) - no there's not, mom! - I swear. Oh, my god! (screams) can you just try and get it off, get it off me! - Stop, stop! - Mom, it's my brand-new sweater. But north has brought up several times now that she wants a pet spider. And that is, like, absolutely never gonna happen. Like, never ever ever as long as she's living under my roof... Never going to happen. You should just get over this fear of yours. - (laughs) - just like whales for you. Ooh! Stop it! Who the (bleep) would even go and approach a big-ass whale? That's, like, sick. The same thing with tarantulas. She knows it's your biggest fear, like, on the planet. North has always had an obsession with spiders. We don't know why. It's just, like... It's so ironic 'cause kimberly is so afraid of them. North touches spiders, north catches spiders. And I think she just wants to share her love of spiders with her mom. So I want to be supportive of north, and plan something to help kim conquer her fear of spiders. So what do you want to do? Maybe I'll just, like, I'll be sitting there, and, like, looking on my phone, and I'll be like, "oh, my god, did you hear the news? All these kids died at a school from tarantula bites." - what? - I'll just, like, scare the (bleep) out of them. That's not good. ♪ ♪ today I'm doing interviews for the justice project, which is a documentary on justice reform. To show people that committed crimes can completely be rehabilitated. And we don't have to throw them away just because they've made these decisions. And that people do deserve a second chance. Woman: All right, let's roll sound. - Roll a-cam. - Woman 2: Rolling. Woman: Okay, whenever you guys are ready, action. Stephanie: So I first want to start... What scares you about the future of criminal justice reform? Kim: I have kids. I-I'm raising two black sons. That... if you look at the statistics of who ends up behind bars, it scares me to know that... The system is so broken and so unfair. And so anything that I can do to try to have a better life for them is, like, why I love doing what I'm doing. Mm-hmm. How much has your life changed since hearing about alice johnson? I think I've learned so much about our justice system through working with alice. She taught me... And the system and the journey has taught me so much. Alice johnson is someone that is so dear to me. She was serving a life sentence for a first-time, non-violent drug offense. And we got the president to commute her sentence and got her out of prison. I saw her case and I felt like it was just simply so unfair, and so I wanted to continue making people aware of her situation and her circumstances, and helping other people that were in her shoes. Stephanie: Do you think that there's a better way that the system can assess if a person deserves a second chance? Kim: In order for the laws to change, we do need to show people that people are better than... The worst choice that they've ever made in their life at one moment in their life. Like, there are thousands of alices. Thank you, kim, so much for speaking with us. - Of course. - Woman: Cut camera, please. Woman 2: That's a wrap on kim! - (indistinct chatter, applause) - thanks, everyone. - Thank you so much for doing this... - Oh, my god. Of course. ♪ ♪ kim: Knock, knock. - Scott: Yo. - You ready to go? Ready to go down those vegetable aisles? I mean... Kind of rather just stay home. Kim: You're backing out? I'm just tired. What are the symptoms of the coronavirus? I don't know, but I don't think I have that, 'cause I haven't been around that many people. I mean, you are tired a lot. Scott: You know, it's starting to come out on the news that there's this really dangerous virus called corona that's coming out and everybody's starting to get really sick. I didn't travel to paris for fashion week because I was worried about it. And I don't know who has it and who doesn't. Some are showing symptoms, some aren't. Newsman: Tonight, the seattle area is now the focus of emerging coronavirus in the u.S. Four more deaths have been reported, bringing the number of dead to at least six. - (siren blaring) - currently in the u.S., there are over 100 confirmed cases in more than a dozen states. Scott: This feeling of exhaustion has come out of nowhere. And I really can't seem to shake it. I highly doubt it's corona, and it's just really affecting my life. I'm kind of, like, worried about it. I don't feel sick. I just feel tired. (coughs) I just want to feel healthy. I don't feel like this is what a normal 36-year-old feels like. You need to get your blood drawn. I-I would get my blood drawn by this guy. So, he'll be really specific. Like, if your energy's really low, he'll be like, "you need magnesium right now. - This is the kind." - wow. I don't know. I just... I just feel like I don't want to go to a doctor and then them tell me that, like, something's seriously wrong. Well, wouldn't you rather know? 'cause if you find... If something is seriously wrong, and you find out - in the earliest of stages... - Mm. ...Then you have a chance to beat it. Information is key. If you wait too long, then you're gonna be screwed. Scott: I'm definitely a drop nervous to do all these blood panels, because I've put this vessel through a lot of trauma. I'm not gonna lie. -(groaning) -kourtney: You need to face the facts. If you want to die, then you can continue to act this way. Scott! - (laughing, mumbling) - you just stop it, scott! Scott: Kim's right. I need to figure out what's happening with my body. I'm definitely scared, but if there's anything wrong with me, whatever's the best way to get my body functioning better is what I'm gonna do. - What? - (laughter) don't you look beautiful. Today, I'm going to the white house with three women that have just -been pardoned. What did you eat first? -Mom's cooking. - The best. - A banana split. - Kim: Nice. - That was the first. How exciting. Khloe: Okay, kimberly. Oh, my god. It's just, like, so hairy. Okay, okay, okay. Don't come any closer! Oh, my god, I swear I think - it's gonna jump at me! - (north laughs) I can't handle that one. Today's not our day. - Ooh! (laughs) - robert: Wait a minute. - Just popped out. - Hey, kourt! Hi, cutie. (laughs) do you want to sing for auntie koko? Can we hear? Go! Khloe: Chi chi's turn. You don't want to talk to us? Oh, my gosh, there's a kitty cat right here. - Oh, my gosh! - Oh, my gosh. Look, it's... (kim laughs quietly) she love cats. Khloe: Well, insy-ways, I have a surprise. - What do you mean? - I have a wrangler here. - What does that mean? - He's a man that babysits tarantulas. Are we allowed to bring him in? I'm really trying to have kim conquer her fear of spiders. Therefore, I have to call in the big guns, and I need a professional... Spider... Wrangler to be here. - Hi. I'm khloe. - Hello. - Mike. - Hi, mike. - How you doing? - I'll shake your hand from a distance. (shrieks) follow me, mike. (coughs) okay, kimberly. So, this is mike. -Hi, mike. How are you? -Hello. -This is kimberly. - Good. - I would shake your hand, but you probably touched a tarantula. -Uh, or two. -(khloe laughs) -kim: Or two. - (kids laughing) - oh. Come here, ladies. No, no, you have to hold my hand, and I need to close your eyes. Close your eyes. - Close your eyes. - Tarantula! - Tarantula! - (toy engine revving) okay, since you're not afraid, I want to see you hold him. - Penelope: Okay. - North: On my head. Kim: Is she allowed to hold it - on her head? - If she wants to. - Khloe: Oh! - Mike: You're okay, right? - Kim: Oh, my gosh! - North: Yes. Mike: Okay, he will not bite you. Oh, my god, I-I just, like, actually can't. - (khloe laughs) - like, I... Aah! -North, something's wrong with you. -(north giggles) - no! - Khloe: Oh, my... North: Please, mommy! Kim: Are you kidding me right now? - What? - Spiders at my house. Like, you're inviting my fear to come into my home. How would you feel if I brought a whale to your pool? No, no. I know about your fear, and I definitely empathize, but for the sake of north, I just thought this would be the fastest way to conquer a fear. You have a professional here in case something happens. I can't do it. I can't. (laughs) it's just, like, so hairy. Okay, okay, okay. Don't come any closer! Oh, my god, I swear I think it's gonna jump at me! (north laughs) I thought it was gonna jump at me. Oh, my god, I... -Mike: I won't let it jump at you. -I can't - handle that one. - You sure? - (khloe laughs) - kim: Today's not our day. I want to overcome this fear for you, but I can't. Khloe: Even though kim freaked out over the tarantula, I just don't want to give up. I'm gonna try again. North: If you hold it, I'll give you money. - You do it. You do it. - No. No. (laughing): You do it. - No. - You do it! You do it! ♪ ♪ all right, I'm ready. I thought about what kim said, and I decided to call my doctor. He agreed that I should get my blood drawn and tested, so my doctor sent one of these nurses to my house. I got to see what's going on in my body. I mean, it's my machine, so I want to run it well. Squeeze this. Squeeze and hold. A little pinch. Inhale. - What are you thinking? - I don't know. I'm tired all the time. There's lots of things, um, that can make you tired, so this test will actually be good because it will look at a lot of different ones. I don't know what's really gonna show up or not. I don't know how much blood you got to take, but whatever it is, take it. I just want to see if there's anything wrong with me or what I can do. So, I'll be anxiously awaiting to see what it is. - All done? - You're good. You're all done. Amazing. That was easy. ♪ ♪ (indistinct chatter) - hey. - How are you? - Beautiful. - Oh, my gosh, thank you. - What? - (laughter) - don't you look beautiful. - Thank you! Oh, my god! I know. I'm sitting up here looking at your tweets right now. - Aw. - They're so wonderful. -Hi. -Hi. It's nice to meet you. -Judith. Yes, of course. Hi. Today, I'm going to the white house with three women that alice johnson and I helped pardon. I am meeting with these three women for the first time, which is amazing. How exciting! There's definitely talk of the coronavirus circulating, but we felt completely comfortable traveling. Even though the virus is so unknown, I'm not gonna ruin it for them. So my two attorneys who sponsor me for law school are coming with me to the white house so we can introduce these women to the president. - What did you eat first? - Judith: Mom's cooking. - Kim: Uh, the best. - The best. - A banana split. - Nice. That was the first. Kim: I think it's really important in order for big policy to be changed to really put a face with a name, or a face with an issue, a face with a crime. To have people understand that these women could be a family member. These women could be your neighbor. These women are just like you and I. Kim has been advocating for all three of you like crazy. - And some others, also. - But miss alice was the one that really helped find you guys, and-and, you know... I know it was really important to her, so... Alice: I love these ladies. We all were in the pit together. (laughs) - yeah. - Yes. Crystal got a 20-year sentence for the intent and conspiracy to distribute marijuana, and she served 12 years, and judith got a 35-year sentence for conspiracy and intent to commit medicare fraud. She spent nine years in. And tynice was sentenced to 35 years for a non-violent drug conspiracy because her boyfriend was using her house to sell drugs in. -Let's bring 'em home. Let's bring these mamas... -Yeah. - And daughters home. - Yeah. Kim: I'm so glad you guys were able to make it out here. And see... it just, it just opened up a whole other thing. Okay, we got to go. (women laughing) alice: The president asked us to get names. I got them to him and he's releasing them. - Kim: Yeah. - Yeah. So now you got more names for him. - And he can release more people. - Yeah, I got names and I got incredible people... I think that the goal today is just for him to spend time with these women. See their faces. I think it's really important for everyone, including the president, to have a relationship with these women, to meet them, to hear their story, to understand where they came from, so that they can be sympathetic and want to grant more clemencies and hopefully get more people... Out of prison, who have really done their time and deserve a second chance. (scattered laughter) - (indistinct chatter) - yeah. Can you imagine, two weeks ago, - they were in prison. - I know. - Yes. - Mm-hmm. (indistinct chatter) yes. (indistinct chatter) I just want to say thank you and just giving me the opportunity to have a voice. I'm so proud of these women for sharing their stories and making themselves vulnerable. I can't express what you've done for me. You've given me a second chance. You've given me a life. Man: Have you had much a stressful life? When you use drugs, you need to repair that. Scott: When I used to drink and party, I could've affected my body. - Hi! - We're walking in. - In the white house. - Into the west wing. Clemency, four clemency recipients. - Hoping to bring more out. - Yes! I'm just so proud to be here today. When I saw that president trump commuted six people, I was so happy. And I called jared immediately and said, "this is so amazing, but these women need a moment." and I really felt like everyone would benefit from them coming here to the white house. - Honestly. - Thank you. ...To bring as many home... Not only bring them home, but to change how society looks at returning citizens. My name is, um, judith negron, and I was a, uh, first-time white-collar offense. I received a very hefty sentence. I can't express in words what you've done for me. You've given me a second chance. You've given me a life, one that I didn't really expect I was gonna have. My name is tynice hall, and I was originally sentenced to 35 years for a first-time drug offense. I just want to say thank you. I'm gonna cry, I'm sorry. And just giving me the opportunity to have a voice. My name is crystal munoz, and I just speak a blessing over each of you guys, individually for the role that you guys played in my life. - Mm-hmm. - Know that our family is reunited, and that is, like, the hugest blessing I've ever been blessed with in my whole life. - Thank you. - Thank you. Kim: And we have more files. (laughter) kim: Our meeting went amazing. I do think it's important to continue to have this topic brought up at the white house, because it's really instrumental in making a difference. I think it will hopefully open up all the lawmakers' hearts. And I think we were really successful in getting our message across, and we are going to be looking into some new clemencies. Do you want a picture here where the world leaders stand? (all assenting) yup, there you go. That is beautiful. ♪ ♪ - man: How you doing? - Hi. How you doing? Scott: While I'm waiting to get my blood results back, I thought I could start taking these nad injections. I read online it helps with restoring your cells and restoring your body and getting more energy. It could help with anxiety, depression. It could be good for anybody, pretty much. Woman: That's it. The hard part's over. Scott: No, it's not. The hard part is sitting here six hours. Yeah. Yeah. I'm gonna come check on you - in a few minutes, okay? - All right. You can watch tv or do whatever. Scott: Nad... it's not like a 20, 30-minute drip. It's literally like a five or six hour iv in your arm, can't do anything. So, there's some anxiety there, but I'm willing to do anything to feel better. So I figure, might as well try it. I'm phil milgram. I'm the nad md. I will do my best to give you maximum - benefit from your nad. - Perfect. I'm just excited to feel better and have more energy, and you know, kind of feel, you know? Milgram: Have you had much of a stressful life? I mean, a-a stressful couple of years. When you use drugs or you have stress in your life or you have medical problems... uh, heart, lung, kidney problems... You need nad to repair that, okay? So... I feel like, there's definitely been some stress in my life. Kim: P, do you remember your grandparents? Khloe: She was a baby. Bonnie loved you, p. Scott: Missing my parents. It's really hard. Man: Put your hands together for the entire family. Scott: My life hasn't always been easy. I used to drink and party and go out a ton. So, my body... it's been through some rough waters and taken some pretty bad beatings. I never thought that there was a possibility any of that stuff could affect me in the long run. So, I'm definitely scared to get my results back. Any news on coronavirus? Kim: They basically just said, don't touch your eyes, don't touch your mouth. The coronavirus is just starting to come to the united states. No shaking hands. - Elbow. - Yeah. - Thank you so much. - You're welcome. - They can't get out of here, right? -Nope. I'm really trying to have kim conquer her fear of spiders. Okay, little guy, stay still. I just hope kim doesn't hate me forever. Kim: Oh, my god! What was you guys's impressions of the president? Was he, like, what you expected him to be, or...? It's like putting a face with all the tweets. (laughter) kim: How did you guys think that went? I think it went really good. It was overwhelming at first. When I was able to breathe, 'cause I was so nervous, the whole process... It went well. It was, um, comforting. It made it comforting for us to be able to speak and to really be genuine when we spoke. Alice: They tell their stories beautifully. The stories is what changes things. That's when people connect with you. -Kim: Yeah. -I think that thing you guys talked about that ivanka seemed really moved by was - how you don't want to go to sleep. - Judith: Yes. And it feels like this is a dream come true, and we don't want to wake up from this dream. - Mm-hmm. - You know, um, at least, in my personal experience, I don't want to wake up to those white brick walls. Kim: I'm so proud of these women for sharing their stories and making themselves vulnerable and opening up. It was teary at times. You know, they have been through a lot. And I think they're just really grateful to be out. Our clemencies have given women - and men so much hope. - Yeah, that's right. When that hope is gone, that's when it's a terrible time in prison, but I just saw these three women come out and then they see people advocating for them, like what you do, and that gives them a lot of hope. Kim: Every time we go and sit in front of the president and explain how the pardon process has changed so many people's lives, it definitely opens up more doors for policy to be changed and clemencies to happen. So I do think it's important to continue the fight so that other people get a second chance, like these women. Just the fact that you can shower - without having to wear shoes. - Shoes. (chuckles) - ahh. - Have you took a bath yet? - Like literally you just sat and soaked in the tub. - No, not yet. I was so wrinkled coming out of the tub. (laughter) bubbles were all in my hair. (laughter) I loved it. - Love you. - I love you, too. Kim: I have a plane to catch. ♪ ♪ thanks, guys. ♪ ♪ hi. Kris: Hi. How'd it go? So good. Really good. - Really? - Yeah. That's awesome. Any news on coronavirus? Mm, they basically just said don't touch your eyes, don't touch your mouth. Wash your hands a lot. No shaking hands. Elbow. You know, elbow people. - Yeah. - And that's it. As of right now, the coronavirus is mainly overseas. It's just starting to come to the united states. I'm at the white house, so of course I'm gonna ask what's going on. It seems like there's a lot that they are doing behind the scenes, so I hope that it doesn't continue to spread. Yeah, he did. I just needed some sugar. All right, well, I'm very proud of you. Thank you. I am. You should have a show called "kim kardashian goes to washington." maybe "kim and khloe take d.C."? Yeah, that's a good one. ♪ ♪ oh, my gosh, remember when our kids were, like, this small? Khloe: I was just shopping in that section, and now I'm not anymore. - I don't know how they grow so fast. - I know. Oh, my god, that's so cute. This looks cool. "moon mud." khloe: Oh, thank god I'm not at that phase yet where I have to buy projects. (laughs) - can I use your restroom? - Woman: Yes. Thank you. Kim: These are so cute. I have been anxiously waiting for kim to come back from d.C. Because we're not just shopping for the little ones. I have a little surprise for her. Hey, mike. Hello. Again. Oh, my god. Ugh. - Thank you so much. - You're welcome. - They can't get out of here, right? - Nope. - Okay. We will bring him back in all... One piece. - Perfect. After seeing kim freak out the way she did over the tarantula the other day, I just don't want to give up. So I'm gonna try again. Oh, it's on me. Oh, my god. It's moving or something. I don't know if he'd wear this. Oh, my god, there's something down my shirt. No, there's not. Okay. Calm down. Calm down. I'm really trying for north. I'm really trying to have kim conquer her fear of spiders so north can be happy. Okay, little guy, stay still. How cute is this. Yeah. Thank you so much. I just hope kim doesn't hate me forever. - Kim: I am ready. - Thank you, guys. Kim: (gasps) oh, my god, what is going on? Let's help your mom overcome her fear of spiders. - I'm gonna... - Aah! I can't. I can't. I can't! I am fully freaking out right now. I want it on me for one second. - It'll be two seconds. - One second. It'll be a half a second. - Don't... Just don't move. - Oh, my god! Scott: So we got the results back? - Yep. - Anything horrible? Chris: There were so many things on your test that were either high, low; something's going on. They were concerned how I even get out of bed every day. Wow. Kim: Oh, my god. What is going on? Oh, hello. What is going on, for real? That's your little friend. No, no, no. What the (bleep) is going on? This is going to help... - Where is it? - It's in there. - Eww. - Rah! Just kidding. Stop. This one is just so (bleep) big. I had to put it in here, so... The tarantula is on my seat, seat belted in. - And the fact that I have to drive home... - In a cage. Yeah, but still. Like, it could get out. Do you want me to crash, screaming? Like, it's just ridiculous. - Are you really uncomfortable with him right there? - Mm! (laughing) I just figured the more you're around the spider, the more comfortable you'll be. And it's for north. I just thought this was, like, helping you in a way. Listen, I don't want problems with you, because if you put a whale in my pool or something, - I'm just not having that. - (laughing) so I was not trying to... I think this had to happen in my own time, and I just don't think that it's ever gonna be the time for me to be cool with spiders. I guess north can't have a spider. That's gonna break her heart. Yeah, I'll tell her she can't have a spider. That's a part of life, not getting what you want. I'll have anthony carry in the spider. - Just... - What if I drop it? Hold it. I'll hold the spider cage, but it's not gonna make me change my mind. Kim: Look at the butt. Like how, like, there's two little things sticking out of the butt. - Khloe: That's like you. - Hmm. Ooh. Kim: I really don't want this in my house. It's fine. The guy's coming soon to pick him up. Well, you have to stay here and keep an eye on him until he comes, 'cause I... I can't. - (knocking) - oh. Hello. You saved the day, mike. -This is like our second drug deal of the day. -(laughs) I feel like I'm just, you know, transporting... - Thank you so much. - Oh, no, thank you. What are its fangs hanging out of its tush? No, those aren't fangs, they're almost like little fingers. And that's how they pull their webs out. -What the (bleep)? Out of its ass? -Yes. - (laughs) all right, thank you. - Okay. Thank you. Kim... The coast is clear. But I've got to tell you about the fingers that come out of its ass. That's how the webs are made. - It's sitting there knitting. - Eww! ♪ ♪ (doorbell rings) hello. How are you? - All right. - Come on in. - Chris: Nice to meet you. - You, too. How you doing? Oh, pretty good. - So we got the results back? - Yep. So, the doctor called me, and it turns out I have low testosterone. And that's what's making me have low energy. You know, I'm very thankful that there was nothing serious. This is gonna be your copy. It could be from a number of reasons. So my doctor suggested I meet with a nutritionist, who did a more detailed blood test to find out why my testosterone's so low, and to see exactly what's working and what's not working on my body. Anything horrible? Anything I should be thinking about? There's certainly some things to work on. Clinically low testosterone for men is below 300. And so being at 229 is a fairly low score. And there were so many things on your test that had to do with testosterone production that were either high, low, missing, whatever. Some-something was going on. Testosterone, when you wake up in the morning, it makes you feel energized. But then it also make you feel super confident, outgoing. When you work out, you feel like an animal. You could just keep training. I know right now because of where the scores are... - Yeah. -...You got to feel like an 80-year-old man. - I feel it. - You should feel a heck of a lot better if we straighten this out. Okay. That's good to know, yeah. My doctor told me I could easily get a bunch of testosterone back really quickly if I wanted to inject testosterone in my body, but your body then thinks it doesn't need to make testosterone on its own, so you may have to take shots for the rest of your life. I'm not gonna take that gamble or risk right now. So I'm gonna try whatever this nutritionist suggests, so I can get it back naturally. Chris: Things that you came back low in were amino acids that you'd find in oysters, walnuts, sesame seeds, pumpkin seeds have some. I love pumpkin seeds. I like sesame seeds. Okay, so just work in more of them. Kim: You should write these things down 'cause you're not gonna remember all of this. Chris: You want a pen? Will you write it? - (chris chuckles) - yes. - How often do you have red meat? - Once a week. There could be some benefit to having that more often. Scott: Red meat is actually a good thing. That's easy. Poor guy's got to eat a steak here and there. Arsenic and cadmium interfere with testosterone production, and you came back with those elevated, and so, your liver is working really hard to detoxify. Two supplements would work well to get it out of your system. Scott: In the past, some things could have affected my body, but at least it's fixable, and I know what it is now. I'd like to get everything moving in the right direction. Definitely want to get this testosterone back. Chris: If you're working in the foods that we were talking about, and the supplements, you're gonna be set. You want to just go over this to make sure t-this is all I need? I definitely know how to read and write. Scott: I just want to make sure we got everything. - You were sleeping for a minute. - (chris laughs) (chuckles) I did get really sleepy. (yawns) ♪ ♪ - north: Tarantula! - Coyote: That is a tarantula. - Yeah. - Oh, it's starting to move. Okay. - Very slowly. - (laughter) okay, so we want to stay back. Let me make sure that the spider's totally calm. Look at that. Kim: North loves watching youtubes of coyote peterson. The redback spider is pretty much the australian version of the black widow. - Look at that arachnid. - Kim: He knows everything about animals and wildlife. And of course spiders. Since I did sit next to a tarantula in the car and I did hold the cage, hopefully now, I'll be a little more comfortable with spiders. So I contacted him because I wanted to do something for north so she won't be so mad at me when I tell her we're not getting a spider as a pet. Coyote: Should mom hold the tarantula? All: Yeah! Let's help your mom overcome her fear of spiders. You're a very important part of this. Here's what we're gonna do. - I'm gonna let... -(wails) I can't, I can't, I can't. I'm gonna let the spider walk onto your hands... I am fully freaking out right now. But I don't want to. What if I don't want to? I did not want to be a part of this. Okay, hold on, I'm gonna use this moment for a few bribes. - Okay. If I do this... - Listen to mom. - Okay. - You promise? Pinky swear? I swear. And you are going to be a nice girl with no tantrums in the mornings. You swear. Okay, everyone heard that. - I heard it, northie. - Beverly: I did. I need everybody else to back up a little bit. Okay, everybody has to back up. Just-just in case mom does get scared. The bribes are gonna be so worth it. And north is so excited. So I'm gonna do it. Put your hands up just like this. Okay, but I want it on me for one second. - It will be, it will be two seconds. - One second. - It'll be a half a second. - North: Three! -(laughs) -put your hand out, put your hand out. You totally got it, kim. All right, we're going for it. Nice. - Don't... - Oh, no... oh, my god, oh, my god. Oh, my god, oh, my god. Coyote: Put your hand out, put your hand out. You totally got it, kim. All right, we're going for it. Nice. - Don't... - Oh, no... oh, my god, oh, my god. Oh, my god, oh, my god, okay, that's long enough. Its leg is on me. Its leg is on me. - Oh, my god. Okay, get it off. - (cheering) get it off, get it off, get it off, please. - Please... - Yes. - (cheering) - oh, my god. - You did it! - (laughs) kim: I did that for you! I did that for you! - I did that for you! - Coyote: And that's north helping her mom overcome her fear of spiders. - That is a huge moment. - Oh, my gosh. - Good for you. - I can't believe that I did it. If someone were to tell me that I would've had a spider in my hands, I never would've believed them. -Everyone hug my mom! -I'm happy that I did it for my kids, but we're still never owning a pet spider ever, ever, ever. Coyote: All right, here we go. Oh, my god, no... See, north, I really love you. Beverly: Awesome, kim, you did it. Oh, my god, oh, my god, oh, my god, oh, my god. Okay. Okay. Okay! Get it off, get it off. Get it off, get it off. Oh, my god, oh, my god. - You screamed. - Coyote: That is pretty amazing. ♪ ♪ - kris: Hey. - Scott: Hi. - What are you doing? - Uh-huh. - How old is she? - She's, uh, about two. -(kris gasps) -oh, she's very excited to see you. Yeah, of course you are. Everybody is. - (laughs) - yeah. You're big in the dog world and the human world. That's right. That's who I am. - Look at her. She's going crazy. - I could be your manager. She is trying... So, what are you up to? What's in the bottle? Oh, just vitamins. They just... Trying to get my whole body to feel better. Like, all of the beatings that my body took over the years of drinking and partying and running around, my body can't be perfect - underneath it all. - Mind, body, soul. Yeah. - So, obviously, I don't drink anymore, you know? - Good. But my body still has things in it, even from taking sleeping medication, doctor-prescribed medications. And then, when I got my blood results in, my testosterone was so dramatically low they were, like, concerned how I even have the energy - to get out of bed every day. - Wow. So, they were like, "but here is an answer." oh, that's good. And I've just, like, been researching how to get all my levels back - naturally. - Oh, good. - I'm proud of you. - Because I don't want to be locked in... - Yeah. - ...To prescriptions. I'm trying to live a healthy lifestyle and be mentally healthy. So whatever's the most natural way to do this is what I'm gonna do. Like, you just have to really focus on your diet. Exercising will help. Aka I think you just got to take care of yourself. So you're getting all healthy on me. I love this. I've done a lot of changes in my life over the years... - Yeah. - ...To be healthier. So now I'm just trying to take it to the next level. I'm thrilled for healthier choices. And that you're being proactive about it. Scott: Now that I've been doing these nad treatments and eating better, I already feel like I have more energy and I feel like I'm gonna be as good as new in, like, a month. So, I'm happy as I could be. Kris: We want you to be happy and healthy. - Yeah, I agree. 'cause I have... - That's all. All of us. - Happy and healthy. - ...Such an amazing life and family, friends and loved ones. I just want to have the same energy everybody else has. - Yeah. I hear you. - I want to get up and say, "today is not just another day. It's another day to excel." (kris chuckles) all right, I'll let you work on that. - I'm gonna go... - No doubt. - I'll check on you. I love you. - All right. Love you. ♪ ♪ we just have to shut and lock this 'cause true's getting up. - Scott: Mm-hmm. - So she doesn't fall down the stairs. Scott: Alrightyroo. Khloe: So, I want to get your opinion about an add-on to my bedroom. Scott: All right. Khloe: (gasps) what the (bleep) is this? Scott: What the hell? What's going on up here? -What is this? -I know why this happened. (laughs) scott: How are you supposed to get in here? Khloe: How far does it go? Ow! - What happened? - The thing hit me in the head. They're everywhere. I w... how far does it go? This goes all the way back to your bed. But so, what reason? I mean, what purpose does this serve? Scott: You might have to climb through. Yeah, they're all the way. What's the point of this? This is a prank? Khloe: Obviously, you know. The only moron that would do something like this is kimberly. - It's so lame. - Because this to her would be really funny. This... I'm sure she was crying doing this. You could imagine her like, "ha, ha, ha. We got her!" (laughs) I mean, what the hell is this? All the inflatable whales? I'm getting you back for the spiders at my house and in the car and for your last prank. It's not really scary. - But you tried. - Yeah. Just run and jump onto the top. - Can you jump to the top? - (grunts) - scott: Oh, god. - There's a lot. Scott: Palm springs, here we come. This is called coronavirus. Khloe: Kourtney, you didn't do one. Kourtney, have fun and participate, babe. Kourtney: I need to see the questions. I feel like you're not participating with us. Not gonna ruin my (bleep) night. You ruined my (bleep) night. - (facetime ringing) - kim: Uh-oh. Kendall (over phone): (bleep) you! - (bleep) - kim: What's happening? -We have to go get kendall. Turn around. -(tires screeching) OpenSubtitles recommends using Nord VPN from 3.49 USD/month ----> osdb.link/vpn 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 