Poldark: Season 1, Episode 1 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Poldark 
 s1e1 - Episode #1.1 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Poldark (2015–…): Season 1, Episode 1 - Episode #1.1 - full transcript 
 Ross Poldark returns from fighting in the American Revolution to his native Cornwall, finding his fiancée Elizabeth Chynoweth about to marry his wealthy cousin Francis and his home in ruins... 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 (birds chirping) Propose. Two. What's the stake? Your ring? CAPTAIN: Gambling again, Poldark. Remind me why you enlisted? To escape the gallows, sir. Your crime? Brawling, sir. Free trading, assaulting a customs official. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 (men chuckling) Wastrels and thieves, the lot of you. But you'll soon have the honor of redeeming yourselves in the service of king and country. You doubt the justice of our cause, sir? And what cause would that be, sir? Liberty or tyranny? (gunshot) (gunfire and shouting) You want to leave here? Or die here?! On your feet, man! On your feet! 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 WOMAN". Pray do not be reckless. I wish you to return. POLDARK: It won't be for long. You'll forget me. POLDARK: Never! (giggles) ♪♪ WOMAN (whispering): Are you sure? SECOND WOMAN: I trust I may believe the evidence of my own eyes, dear. FIRST WOMAN: Was he not reported dead? MAN (whispering): Better if he had been. He's brought little credit to his family. SECOND WOMAN: His father was no different. A scoundrel. And a libertine. SECOND WOMAN: Still the family name counts for something. And now he's to inherit... (gasps) ls my father dead? Oh, sir! Bless me! We had no idea you were awake. When did he die? Some six months past. You'd had no word? None that reached me. How was the war, sir? As any war, ma'am. A waste of good men. (bangs loudly) OLDER WOMAN: You're not going home to Nampara? To my Uncle Charles first, ma'am. Since my father will evidently not be at home, I must look for a welcome elsewhere. (door shuts) (indistinct chatter) (giggles) Do the honors, Verity. And no half-measures! (burns) I couldn't eat another morsel. Piffle, girl, you're as thin as a wraith. We must fatten you up! Perhaps Francis will be able to coax her. I happen to like her just as she is. (door opens) Was that the door? Were you expecting someone, my dear? She's too valuable here to be thinking of gentlemen callers! I hope I'm not intruding. (gasping): Oh, Ross! We'd given up all hope. Stap me, boy, you survived! MAN: To see you again, cousin! We had quite despaired. Hadn't we, Elizabeth? Yes. Elizabeth! I had no idea you'd be here. Do tell us, Ross, how we managed to lose the war. By choosing the wrong side, ma'am. I couldn't have wished for a better homecoming. I must speak with you, Ross. Yes, of course. And what will you do with yourself now, nephew? You'll find Nampara not as you left it. Damn me, boy! If we hadn't thought you'd gone to join the Blest Above! Great-Aunt, I'm glad to see you are still of the Blest Below. We'd had no word from you, so... Sit here, Ross, you must be exhausted. Elizabeth, fetch me my wrap. Yes, Mama. I seem to have interrupted a party. Is this in honor of the peace or of the next war? FRANCIS: No, um... Well... the occasion is... Something far more pleasant. My boy is to be married. But that's tremendous! Who is it to be? Elizabeth. (quietly): Elizabeth? Elizabeth? MOTHER: Naturally we're delighted that our two ancient and distinguished families will be united. Did my father suffer much, Uncle? A pitiful end. Affairs in tatters and next to nothing left for you to inherit. Not that we thought you'd be back to claim it! UNCLE: It's a poor Cornwall you've returned to. Taxes sky high, wages in the gutter... Mine closures every other week. CHARLES: Bad as you, lad! Scarred for life, on its knees! I can't stay. I've only called to let you know I've returned. I must trouble you for a horse, Charles. But first, a toast. To Elizabeth and Francis... May they find happiness together. ALL (quietly): Elizabeth and Francis. ♪♪ (wind whistling) Jud? Prudie? (bleats) (chickens squawk) (snoring) (both cry OUT) On your feet now! Judas! Is it Mr. Ross? Back from the grave. (footsteps approaching) You were my father's personal servants. You were left in a position of trust. Well, pick me liver, what could us do, left alone with no master to guide us? I'll guide you with the side of my foot in future. But see, 'twas rumored you were dead. Perhaps you started the tale? Ain't no call to accuse us, Mr. Ross. 'Tisn't right, 'tisn't fair, 'tisn't fit, 'tisn't friendly. You'll get "friendly" if I don't see my face reflected in this floor by the time you're done. (footsteps retreating) ♪♪ (birds chirping) Ross looked well. He did. Better than one might have expected. Considering one thought him dead. Elizabeth will make a fine mistress of Trenwith. Not for three months, that. Your father thinks it should be sooner. Does he? His view is if two young people wish to be together, what is there to wait for? (children laughing) Can it be? It isn't a ghost? See for yourself! We heard you took a bullet! I dodged a few! And got a title? Captain Poldark! And the war? An education, Jim. Well... What happened here? Since your father died, we've had no repairs. I'll remedy that. You were my father's tenants, now you're mine. Nay, Ross, you've got enough to think on, with ruined home and barren land. I have hands, do I not? A spade, a plough... Well, we can help you. I cannot pay you. I would not expect it. You labored long enough in my uncle's mine for a pittance. I'll not have you serve me for nothing. Ross? What did happen out there? L grew UP- (horse approaching) (exhales) Mr. Poldark to see you, Miss Elizabeth. My dear, I have great news. Your father left very little of value. The house, two derelict mines, a few decaying cottages. The land, I fear, has been left to rot? Entirely. So you come to inquire as to credit? As your friend, I would back you to the hilt. As your banker, I'm obliged to disappoint. Your father had debts, your property is mortgaged, your land has no income. I'm a poor risk. Quite so. And my tenants, can I do nothing for them? I know you have an affection for these people, but you can barely support yourself, let alone them. Then you'd advise me... Look to your own devices. Seek your fortune as and where you may. Beggars cannot be choosers? I hope you may rely on the friend, if not the banker. I hope so, too. For I need all the friends I can get. (footsteps approaching) Ross Poldark is alive. That wastrel? At school I rather admired him. He said what he thought, did what he liked. And where did it get him? It got him a following. Something we frequently fail to acquire. I wonder if he might not be useful to us? His father's dead. He has no obvious source of income. If we could rally him to our cause... To what end? He has an ancient family name. Doors which are closed to us might open for him. What inducements could we offer? His need at present must be severe. (scoffs) You mean to buy his friendship? I'd rather he bestowed it willingly. I find people are very friendly when they cannot afford not to be. Elizabeth, where are you going? I must speak with Ross, Mama. To what purpose? To explain. To ask him, what shall we do? There is nothing to do. You are engaged to Francis. But Ross and I... Where is he now? Has he come to see you? What can he offer you but poverty, uncertainty, a dubious reputation. I do not care about reputation. But you should. Francis adores you. You will be mistress of Trenwith. Had Ross not returned, would you have the slightest hesitation? But he has returned. If he still cared for you, would he not have been at the door by now? Just clearing the field, Mr. Ross. A cheering spectacle, and a need for one. Hard work is now required if we're to put food on the table. Hard work? I can see you're unfamiliar with the concept. Let me clarify: We have nothing to live on beyond the fruits of our own labors. We shall need to tighten our belts, and in some cases, that can only be to the good. Verity! You would have been surprised to hear about Elizabeth. I had no option on the girl. It was strange how it happened. One moment she barely noticed Francis. The next... She noticed his mine, his house, his estate? That was uncalled for. The Wedding's in a fortnight. So soon? I wish I could help you, my dear. I must find my own way out of this. (grunting) (singing) An alarming prospect, is it not? A lifetime with me. I cannot promise to be as fascinating as some. Or as bold or reckless. But one thing I can promise you. My undying love. And gratitude. But if there is... something that still troubles you... If there is something that you wish to tell me? There is. I wish to tell you that I cannot wait to be your wife. FRANCIS: Should you be doing this? I cannot afford a farmhand. Your father would not have wished you to stoop. My father would not have wished me to starve. She's proved a poor legacy. Certainly a fickle one. Well, her time may come again. Perhaps I should examine her. Is that wise? FRANCIS: How deep did they drive it? POLDARK: 30 fathoms. Most of it will be underwater by now. (panting) Ross, my... my father's concerned. That... you should make the right choices. Face... face certain realities. Accept that your future may lie elsewhere. I thank him for his concern. Ross, you do know I'm to be married next week? And? You've... you've not yet accepted our invitation. I've things to attend to. But you must come. I'm not one for ceremonies. Ross, it is our dearest wish... (sighs) Ross? You must understand, when I first met Elizabeth, there was no thought of my coming between you, but what could I do? My feelings- our feelings for each other... For God's sake, must you rub my nose in it?! (cries out) Ross! For pity's...! Why the hell don't you learn to swim? For a moment I thought... I thought you'd let me drown. For a moment I thought so, too. PRIEST: Elizabeth, wilt thou hast this man as your wedded husband? To live together after God's ordinance in a state of holy matrimony. Will thou love, honor, and keep him... ...forsaking all others so long as you both shall live? ELIZABETH: I will. PRIEST: Those who God hath joined together let no man put asunder. POLDARK: George has done well for himself. VERITY: As you'll discover, the Warleggans are on the rise. Ladies and gentlemen, this is a proud day for the Poldarks. (applause) (dance music begins) I wish you could dance, Ross. I thank an American musket for sparing me the ordeal. Perhaps I should have purchased her for you, nephew. I broker my own business these days. Well, she'll be wasted here. These Poldarks have nothing beyond the name. Mine on its knees and mortgaged to the hilt, Warleggans Bank may send in the bailiffs as and when it chooses. This is elegant talk for a wedding, Uncle! Talk of a profit is always elegant, George. (door opens) (applause as music ends) My compliments on the scratch! Was it got in any actual fighting or another gambling brawl? Old habits die hard. (chuckles) I was sorry to hear of your father. We have something in common. Both fatherless? Hostages to our family's fortune. And there the similarity ends. Cornwall is changing. These are difficult times. I trust you will feel you can rely on your friends. What for? Well, whatever you might require. Thank you, George, I believe I can manage. (rooster crowing) Do you believe breeding can ever be bought? You should ask your uncle. (chuckles) Elizabeth would be delighted by talk of bailiffs on her wedding day. Well, Elizabeth's delight is surely no longer your concern. There you are, Ross! I've been sent to find you. CHARLES: Let the fight commence! (Quests cheering) VERITY: You see? He hadn't left after all! I was glad to see you at church. You must wonder why I wished you there. After that night, when we had no chance to speak, I thought you would come to see me. (men cheering in next room) Why would I do that? To give me a chance to explain, to apologize. For what? There was no formal undertaking between us. Not officially, no. But you know there was something-- an understanding. But three years is a long time, Ross. MRS. CHYNOWETH: Elizabeth. Remember your duty as a bride is to all your guests? I've no taste for fighting, Mama. Are you a fan of the sport, Ross? Perhaps you'll instruct me in its finer points. I doubt there are any subtleties of combat on which I can offer you advice, ma'am. I'll send Francis to you. You mustn't blame my mother. This was my decision. And we must abide by it. And we shall be neighbors? And friends? If you say so. FRANCIS: Feeling neglected, my dear? May I claim my bride, Ross? Still a good day for Poldarks? Don't encourage her. The dark Poldark? Or the fair? AU NT AGATHA: The stronger rises as the weaker falls. For all is fair in love and war. (ring jangles on floor) (clucking) Still feeding that pair of wastrels? If you turfed them out, you could afford to buy stock. They were my father's friends. You drive yourself hard, boy. It keeps me out of mischief. I'm not unfeeling, Ross. I know your father had the worst of the land and the property. The lot of a younger son. I'd like to show you something. What do you see? N. Your mine. Not so. What you see is the past. Does it not still produce? Precious little. And nothing to trouble the Welsh mines where they're dragging it out by the cart-load. Meantime, we are sunk in debt. The bankers have us by the throat. I'm sorry. And your mines? What of them? Even worse than Grambler. Derelict, both of them. Your land? Barren. There's nothing for you here, boy. Your future lies elsewhere. A change of profession. The law, perhaps? Or even the church. Do you really not know me, Uncle? A move to London. Oxford? I'll fund it. Your education, your expenses. I believe it's what your father would have wanted. And Francis, what do you believe he would want? For you to prosper. Away from here. I think that would be best for all concerned. I'll think on it. You should be biting my hand off! And may yet do so. But till I've exhausted every possibility of making a living on my own land, among my own people... Damn your stubbornness, boy! The land is useless, its people are starving. What possible reason is there to stay? (calls to horse) Today's market day? Aye, sir, 'tis, sir. Well, don't stand there gawping, Jud! Fetch me my father's pocket-watch. (bell ringing) (crowd chatter) (merchants hawking their wares) (children laughing) (dog barking and growling) ((109 whimpering) (indistinct shouting) Hey, that's my dog! Go away! Garrick! Get off him! Garrick! Get off him! Garrick! Let him go! Enough! You take my advice, you run. Or else? (all gasp) Have they hurt you, child? Don't you "child" me, mister! I think we've provided enough sport for one day. Anyone know this child? It's Tom Game's daughter from Illuggan. She'll get the strap if he catches her from home and in her brother's clothes. Easy, girl. No one will rob you. I came to see if the boy was... Oh! You were right to step in. I'm glad you think so. I'm sure the child is grateful. I doubt it. (door opens) Elizabeth? They did hurt you. Not they. Then who? (softly): My father. What? Father. Beats you? Most days. Family? Six brothers. Do you love your father? Bible says I must. What's your name? (softly): Melzacarne. Speak up, child. (loudly): Demelza Carne. Ross Poldark. (footsteps approaching) Befriending the rabble, Ross? One would never guess you were a gentleman. It takes one to know one, I believe, George. For a man so impecunious, he's very full of himself. Perhaps he considers us tradesmen. Which we are. Were. It's a pity he owns nothing worth having. Come. I'm taking you home to llluggan. He may do so in future. When he does, it will be my pleasure to take it from him. Go. You're back early. How was market day? (chuckling): Not without incident. DEMELZA: ♪ There was an old couple and they was poor ♪ ♪ They lived in a house that had but one door ♪ ♪ Oh, what a poor couple was they, was they... ♪ Illuggan's that way. ((109 barks) Thank you, sir. ♪ There was an old couple and they was poor ♪ ♪ Tweedle Tweedle Tweedle dee ♪ ♪ Oh I have been sick since you have been gone... ♪ I'm in need of a kitchen maid. You'd get food, lodging, proper clothing. I want someone strong, for the work is hard. How far? Too far to run home. But perhaps you don't wish to come. There be Garrick, sir. Him and me be friends. Where I go, he goes. ((109 barks) Who we have here? This is Demelza. She's to help in the kitchen. Picking up brats will bring you no end of trouble. See to the horse. She'll be seething with crawlers. Not if I give her the same treatment I gave you. 'Tisn't right, 'tisn't fair, 'tisn't fit, 'tisn't proper. POLDARK: If you work for me, you must be clean, do you understand? No lice. Yes, sir... Ain't no vittles for her. Find some. Scarce feed us selves, how you going to feed another beside? Leave that to me. What she be smirking at? Blathering blasted brat! How old she be? Old enough to know her own mind! Not too big to feel the back of my hand. (indistinct chatter) Prudie? When did this letter come? PRUDIE: Just now, sir, from your Uncle Charles. Don't lurk out there, girl, come in. Have Jud and Prudie made you welcome? Of course not. You must learn to stand up for yourself. Show them you have a mind of your own and you will not be dictated to. Clear this away. To Prudie, not your dog. Yes, sir. I been thinking, sir, about Garrick, sir. He be outside, whining to get in. Let him whine. Aye, sir. But he be clean, he ain't got no crawlers. All dogs have crawlers. I'll have none of them in my house. Now go do as I bid you. (Garrick whining) (Garrick barks and whines) (Garrick whining and scratching) (Garrick barking) Ross! I wasn't expecting... ls my uncle in? Did you enjoy market day? What time will my uncle be back? You caused quite a stir. Though not everyone appreciated your intervention. The child did. She got home safely? I thought to employ the girl, as a kitchen maid. Her family appear to care little for her. You should send her back to them. People are quick to judge. Are you? I shouldn't have come. I can see it upsets you. Ross, it's not your coming here. What, then? It hurts to think how you must hate me. Good God, Elizabeth, you of all people should know. From the moment I set eyes on you, no one else existed. While I was away, all I could think about was coming back to you. Ross... Did we really not mean those things we said? That day I left, was there really nothing between us? Is there really nothing between us now? I thought you were dead! How can you come to me now and ask me things you know I can't answer? Why can't you answer? (loudly): Why can't you answer? There's nothing for you here, Ross. I love Francis. You must forget me and make your life elsewhere. You may rely upon it. At least let us part as friends. We can never be friends. Tell my uncle he has his wish. What wish? Ross! What wish?! Tell the girl to fetch her belongings. Eh? She's leaving. Leaving? As am I. You, sir? To London, she to her father. But her father's here. What can I do for you? (chuckles) What can you do? When you've slocked my daughter and enticed her away. Where is she? No idea. They searched the house. By whose permission? I need no permission to come after me own! That's why you bring your family? Not man enough to do the job yourself? I brought more than we! (men shouting in the distance) So you can take her home and beat her? Is that your business? If I choose to make it so. All right, boys! Sir, they be hordes of them! (angrily shouting) llluggan folk don't hold with thieving. We come for justice. An army against one man? That's brave! Afeared, are ye? On the contrary. You couldn't have come at a better time! Lord save him! Nay, stand off, boys. I'll handle this myself. (angrily shouting) What business have ye here? Naught with ye, but with your fancy gent who stole a llluggan maid! And we're here to take her back! Good luck to you! (shouting) (bellowing) (panting): Mr. Francis! Mr. Francis! They be killing Mr. Ross! (banging continues) (growling) What the devil are you saying, woman? (panting): They be murdering him, sir. Mr. Ross be fighting for his life. You must go to him, Francis, you must help him. The woman exaggerates. For pity's sake! Take Elizabeth inside. (panting) (growling) (coughing) Be so good as to close the door on your way out. (door closes) (panting) (breathless): Ye be alive, sir! It would appear so. Any sign of the girl? I ain't seen her since God knows when. (panting): Happen she run away, sir. Happen it be for the best, sir. I'm inclined to agree with you. She appears to be more trouble than she's worth. Where's Jud? Gone to fight the Illuggan miners, sir. Happen he be dead himself 'fore long. And I left a widow, all forlorn. You heard him. He don't want thee here. "More trouble than she's worth"? His words, not mine. Now hop it, girl. Back where ye belong. (men laughing and chatting) In God's name, what happened? CHARLES: Francis! They'll not thank him for dragging them into his folly. Which gives him even less reason to stay. He means to leave? He's been invited to leave. What have you done, Father? They'll be nursing their bruises till next back-end! So you leave me at home to dispatch one man, while you treat yourselves to a full-scale brawl? Aye, sir, that's the truth of it, sir. It won't happen again. Don't say that! Quarrels of my own making I'll fight my own way, you understand? It was a matter of pride. Nay, of personal affront. The quarrel was mine. Nay, Ross, friends don't stand by when one of their own's at stake. Come the day Wheal Leisure's fit, she can count on us an' all. I don't like it, Father. You'd like it less if you lost your wife. (scoffs): You're assuming I can't keep her myself. Can you? DEMELZA: ♪ The old man he went far from home ♪ ♪ Tweedle, Tweedle, go twee ♪ ♪ The old man he went far from home ♪ ♪ All the while... ♪ ♪ Oh, what a weak woman was she, was she ♪ ♪ Oh, what a weak woman was she J" ♪ Oh I have been sick since you have been gone ♪ ♪ Tweedle, tweedle, twee ♪ ♪ The old man, he returned at last... ♪ What have you got to sing about? You're making a mistake. Am I? Your place is here. Your land, your mines. Are you asking me to stay, Elizabeth? I'm saying that everything that matters to you is in Cornwall. Where did you think I was going? To London. Your uncle said... My uncle is mistaken. Then what are you doing? I lost sight of something. I came in search of it. Having found it, I'm going home. DEMELZA: What's that to you? My inheritance. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 