Poldark: Season 2, Episode 6 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Poldark 
 s2e6 - Episode #2.6 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Poldark (2015–…): Season 2, Episode 6 - Episode #2.6 - full transcript 
 A cheerless Christmas looms for the Poldarks with Francis drowned in the mine having only found fool's copper and Ross facing debtor's prison if he cannot pay Warleggan. Ross is also anxious to expose the traitor and agrees to a dangerous scheme to trap them whilst Demelza is troubled by his frequent visits to console Elizabeth - though Warleggan is quick to ingratiate himself with the widow. Ray Penvenen accuses Dwight of fortune hunting and tries to ban him from seeing Caroline but she is far too perceptive and realistic to give up the man she loves. She also bails out Ross, whose tenacity she admires, in his hour of need - whilst seeking to remain anonymous. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Sentenced to three months' hard labour. I must go, until December. In December I come of age. George Warleggan has my promissory note. By Christmas, I must find ã1,400. Or else? We lose everything we own and I go to debtors' prison. You will never again set foot in my house, nor approach me, or my family. We are no longer your friends. Your great-nephews are digging their own graves. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 'Tis never copper. Yes, I think it may be. But a piece of my heart will always be yours, as a piece of yours will always be mine. I don't wonder Ross loves you. Do you suppose he still does? Ahh! Why the hell didn't you learn to swim? Still can't get used to Mr Francis bein' gone. It breaks my heart to think of him all fired up about those rock samples. When in the end 'twas only quartz, with schorl and iron oxide mixed. Fool's copper. Fool's copper. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Leaving his widow with nothing but debt and shares in a failing mine. I'm to Trenwith to see Elizabeth. Is Verity's company not enough for her? He comes to take Geoffrey Charles to the mine. And you? I'm trustee of my son's shares in Wheal Grace, which is why Ross brings me weekly reports. Sometimes twice weekly. Uncle Ross is here, Mama. Who else can I depend on? Is it done? "Mr Poldark, I give you notice that your promissory note "for ã1,000 plus interest at 40%, "will fall due and must be paid in full". The day after Christmas. Do they serve plum pudding in debtors' prison? CARY CHUCKLES Will you take my coat? I do not feel the cold. I think you do. At any rate, you used to. At any rate, it's warmer than Trenwith. I must learn to grow a thicker skin. Can you? Sometimes. I miss Francis. I miss him too. I never thought him the most practical of men, yet now I realise how much he dealt with. Matters of finance, the estate, the servants - decisions which now fall to me. Do not hesitate to call upon me, Elizabeth. Oh, I do, more often than I should. You have your own home and wife and child. You seek to share my troubles, yet never tell me your own. What of your debts? The promissory note, which fell into George's hands? Don't trouble yourself. The sum was much exaggerated. And the mine? How long can we continue with such poor yield? For your sake and his, I will squeeze out every last drop before it defeats us. Uncle Ross looks after us so well. Where would we be without him? Oi, Maid, even your oils and brittles? Not a word to Ross. I don't want him thinkin' I fear the worst. Ee do fear th' worst. If he go to prison, we'll need more 'n a few tetties t' see us through. Hush your creenin'. If this be his last Christmas here for a while, then I mean t' make it a goodly one. Dr Enys. Is it anyone we know? Nay, sir. Say it may be from the Parthesia - it was wrecked last night off St Ann's. A cryin' waste of life, don't 'ee think, Dr Enys? I do indeed, Rosina. Take Rosina home. I'll see him buried. Nay, Rosina, 'tis needful 'ee take my arm, for fear thy lipsy leg do buckle beneath 'ee. Oh, yes, Pascoe's asked to see me. He's received word from the Warleggans regarding my promissory note. Could we not appeal to our wealthier friends, at least to save you from debtors' prison? Speak to people. That's not how I work. So it's against your principles? Nay, Ross, 'tis against your pride! This stew is excellent. Of course. It's obvious. - SHE SCREAMS - What do 'ee do to 'er? Rosina, can you stand? Don't be afraid. I'll be here to catch you. Nay, surgeon, if anyone shall, 'tis I. I think... I believe. What did 'ee do? 'Tis all mended. There be no pain. There was a displacement. You've had it so long, the muscles have withered and caused inflammation. I'll put a bandage on it for now, but soon you'll be able to manage without. 'Tis a miracle. No. Basic anatomy. There seem to be soldiers everywhere. Events across in France make the gentry nervous. Events along the coast make the gaugers watchful. - Has it arrived? - As expected. The full amount, with interest. I did enquire whether the Warleggans... I can guess the response. Quite so. It's to be paid six weeks hence, the day after Christmas. How are you, Tonkin? Good of you to call, Cap'n. Few others do. You've no notion how much your visits have helped me through. Not to mention this. Bless you, sir. When do you expect to be released? Soon after Christmas. Then it will be your turn to visit me. George Warleggan has a bill of mine which I cannot pay. Surely you have assets? Your shares in Wheal Leisure? - Does the mine not prosper? - My shares are worth about ã600. Not even half of what I owe. Besides, I would not give them the satisfaction. Then you will suffer. Then I will suffer. Ah, Miss Penvenen? Captain Poldark. Seven months away has given me an appetite for such sights. And doubtless they for you. I was most grieved to hear of your cousin's death. Thank you. We miss him greatly. He was your partner in the mine, I believe? Were you able to continue the venture? It goes on. Profitably? Not profitably. And how is Dr Enys? A worker of miracles. I just came through Sawle and I heard tell of his curing a village girl of her lameness. Rosina Hoblyn? You know her? Of her. How was it done? No doubt Dr Enys will enlighten you soon enough. Did you know Caroline had returned? ENYS CLEARS THROAT As a matter of fact, yes. The attachment's bad, I know, and it's my weakness, but I cannot shake it. No doubt it will end badly and I'll have my just deserts. Possibly, but it seems fate does as it pleases... ..and it has nothing to do with strength or weakness shown. Take Francis. Was there ever a sorrier or less deserved end? To walk out of this house and in an hour, to drown like a dog in a well? And for nothing. That's what I most deplore - the wanton, useless waste of it. The quirks of fate which make nonsense of all our striving. 95 years of age - what do you think of that? I think it's high time the coffin-maker started taking measurements. Head of the family, mistress of this house. And so I intend to remain. Good luck with that, old hag. Elizabeth. You look pale. Are you unwell? I've brought a small token for my godson. I know you'll accept nothing for yourself. Well, I... Are you looking forward to Christmas? I wish I were. Entertaining on a grand scale is not my preference, but my uncle's very thick with Tony Boscoigne, and no doubt there's some scheme afoot to throw me under the hooves of his sisters. Or so your mother believes. You've seen her? Oh, I'd not intended to mention. I have, on occasion, over the last few months, prevailed upon her to dine with me. You know how much I admire her. She speaks very highly of you. She has shared with me certain concerns. Oh? In the wake of Francis... Forgive me. Certain outstanding debts of his, accumulating interest, which must be dealt with. Of course. But not until you are out of mourning, and well beyond. You're very kind, George. As your friend, it's the very least I can do. Something amiss with that engine. I've sent for Trevithick. Is it worth the while, given how little she's yielding? I wonder that. It's a cryin' shame we never found that lode Mark Daniel spoke of. Perhaps he was mistook. He was an experienced miner. He knew what he was looking at. Then it's a pity he can't be found and asked the question. Where? Ross continues to vex society. What's he done now? What has he not done? Graced the Poldark family pew at church? Taken his seat as magistrate on the bench? As head of the Poldark family, these things are expected of him. Oh, but you know Ross and expectation. Besides, I've suspicion he'd think he was more than fulfillin' his duties in other ways. Towards Elizabeth, for instance. Does that trouble you? Ross never tells me what goes on in his meetings with her. And I never ask 'im. But if you're concerned? Seems to me that having a husband's a little bit like goin' to church - you either believe in something or you don't. And if you don't, then why go at all? But if you do, then you've no cause to keep askin' for proof. And do you...believe? Most o' the time. Why don't you smile, Mama? Well, smiling makes lines upon the face, my love. See? And lines make us look older. So I must smile less. Not in public, but here, at home. But when you see me not smiling, you mustn't think I'm sad or displeased with you, only that I'm trying to spare my face. It's important for a lady to look her best. Why? You'll understand when you're older. Seven months has seemed a lifetime. Did my letters not satisfy you? They evoked pleasure and pain in equal measure. Forgive me, I'm a little at sea. All I know for certain is I'm my own mistress, yet no freer to follow my heart. But I'm here, and you're here - perhaps that's all that matters. I met your Captain Poldark again. He told me. Would you be jealous if I said I admired him greatly? I admire him myself. He's an exceptional man and a dear friend. I only wish his circumstances were happier. Is his cousin's pretty widow the circumstance? Or is it some other matter? A financial matter. And his wife? She seems to be universally adored. Is she the sort of woman that all men desire except her husband? It so often happens. No great incentive for marriage. Don't you think I'd be ill-advised to try it? Not if you choose the right man. Shall I choose a miracle worker? Who now has an adoring Rosina and a crowd of sickly miners battering his door? There can't be many physicians of your calibre who give all their energies to help the poor. How do you live? On an income of ã40 a year from the two mines, plus whatever my patients can spare me. I agree, it's very little. Could you not set up in Oxford or Bath, work among people of your own kind? Charity is a noble impulse, but should it not begin at home? Even in Bath or Oxford, the poor will always be in greater need of attention than the rich. Besides, I've no wish to become a society pet. Is that what you think I am? No, Caroline, I would never suggest that or wish you to think that I'm... The most noble of men. And I the most vacuous of women. Would you have me pretend to be other than I am? I would have you believe that you're better than you think. Race me. Mark Daniel? 'Twould be too risky, I believe, for him to return to England. Have you asked my men for news of him? I thought I'd come to you first. Besides, I'm not sure who to trust. The informer who answers to Vercoe might also report to McNeil. McNeil claims convalescence, not the Trade, has brought him here. - Do you believe him? - Not a jot. Our trusted band grows smaller. I removed Vigus, now I think to replace Jacka Hoblyn. Why do you suspect him? I suspect everyone. 'Tis the safest way. I think you're mistook. Jacka's a surly fellow, but I doubt he'd betray his friends. Any man'll betray his friends if the price is right. As Ted knows to his cost. Ted, how are you? Have you recovered from your sentence? Three months' hard labour do feel like three years. An' still I'm no closer to knowin' who betrayed me. But to Mark Daniel. I could put the word out, get a letter to him? I'd be very grateful. And in exchange... Yes? One drawback to your cove... You've always insisted, haven't you, that all must be done in a single night? Don't blame you, but 'tis deuced awkward. If we could store some of the goods - two, three days... Ten men do in three nights what 30 do in one. Less chance for the informer. Bring the cargo ashore and hide it, if you catch my drift. Would be willing to make a small extra payment for the inconvenience. A goodwill gesture, so to speak. How much of a gesture? A secret cache? On our land? To store goods during a run, so they can be carried away at leisure. Or found by the gaugers, and you carried away in chains. I'll be in chains regardless soon enough. Dislike it, Ross. If I go to prison for debt, this will mean more money coming in. The quicker the debt is paid, the quicker I'm out again. Unless the goods be found in our house, in which case you'll serve longer still! The cache will be built in the library and can be done in one night. Four or five men to dig it, six or eight to use it thereafter. And the informer? Trencrom will hand-pick his men. And in return? 25 guineas per cargo. - And a promise to find Mark Daniel. - How will that help? He's our last chance of finding copper, of making the mine pay. If Grace fails, how will I repay the Warleggans? Why can you not appeal to your friends? Ray Penvenen, Horace Treneglos, even Trencrom? Would they not put up the money to save you from bankruptcy? The sum is too great. You mean your pride is! No-one of sense, however much a friend, would loan money to a man with a failing mine, for the simple reason that they would never get it back. But if I could demonstrate that the mine might prosper, I could borrow against its better days. Until we find Mark Daniel. Do I have your consent? You dare to ask me that?! Knowin' very well that you do exactly what you please, with or without my say? Were you ever involved in Ross Poldark's copper smelting venture? I made a minor investment. It was an ill-conceived enterprise. Everyone lost money. Except the Warleggans. Why do you ask? I believe Ross Poldark has some debt from that time. The Warleggans acquired it and are pressing for bankruptcy. You're very well informed. Less than I'd like to be. No doubt Dr Enys could enlighten you further. I shall go to Truro tomorrow. It's a poor place to shop, but I need new buckles for my shoes. You are your own mistress now, Caroline. - So I am. - Though I think you should not allow a natural pleasure in your new freedom to override the requirements of good conduct. To ride far and unattended in the company of a young man of eligible years is to invite comment of an unsavoury nature. No doubt it was innocently done, but it is neither fair to me, who may seem to countenance it, or to the young man himself, who may derive from it ambitions beyond his proper sphere. Thank you for your concern, Uncle. If my conduct so bothers you, would it not be better for me to quit this house and live elsewhere? That would be an excellent solution, were it not for the great affection we hold for each other. Uncle Ray is becoming cross with me, Horace. There will shortly be angry words which we shall both regret. Don't you think we had better change the subject? At what hour tomorrow shall you require the carriage? At nine, thank you, Uncle. "Dear Dr Enys, I should be obliged if you would attend on me "tomorrow morning between 10.30 and 11. "Obliged, Ray Penvenen." My dears, you do recall that I'm to return home today? Fiddlesticks! 'Tis nearly Christmas. A woman should be with her family at such time. My husband would agree with you. Ah, men - their business to attend to. I doubt he's even noticed you're gone. His letters suggest otherwise. In any case, I've missed him a great deal, and have every intention of making up for lost time. AGATHA COUGHS And you? I have an invitation to Nampara. Shall you accept? Geoffrey Charles is eager. Are you? I think it may do me good to have some varied company. These guests... Are specifically chosen for their use to us - in business, in society, in terms of the future. Arabella Trevelyan, the Honourable Maria Penrose, Eliza Courtney-Prowse... These girls must be all of 17. And prime breeding stock. You may examine their teeth if you choose. I think I'll ride to Trenwith. When will you call in the loans on that estate? What's to be gained by staying in the good books of a poverty-stricken widow in her late 20s? I could alleviate her poverty if I chose, but I choose to let her feel it. She has made her bed and now she must lie in it. Ah! Oh, Judas. Do 'ee read my fortune? Aye, Maid. It do tell me, with hands like these, Demelza Poldark be no lady. This kindling is damp. Has it been seasoned? I've no idea. Of course not. I'm glad to see you allow yourself some luxuries. Oh, erm, no, 'tis a present for Geoffrey Charles. From George. Oh, has he been here? I had to admit him, Ross. He's my chief creditor. And his views on your debts? Very generous. They always have been. He offered to waive the interest indefinitely. Of course, I could not accept. My quarrel with George is not your quarrel. If he wants to win your approval, let him. You don't have to like him. You're shivering. I wish I could help you. For my own sake, I can bear it. But for my son, for his future... When Francis came into his estate, there was money to live on, comfort, dignity. It breaks my heart to think that Geoffrey Charles will have so little to his name. It breaks my heart, too. There's nothing to be done, is there? My remaining shares in Wheal Leisure - what would you say is their worth? Upwards of ã600. Sell them. You wish to devote the money to Wheal Grace. No. To a special purpose. Francis's widow and family are in dire need. More so than yours? Two years ago, Francis sank his last ã600 into Wheal Grace. I want Elizabeth Poldark to have it back. Will she accept? Of course not. Which is why I need your help. When my shares in Wheal Leisure are sold, you'll make an offer for Geoffrey Charles's holding in Wheal Grace on behalf of an anonymous client whom you represent. Elizabeth will accept, and the money can be transferred to her. So, do I understand you aright? You are offering ã600 for a half share in a mine which is about to close, when you owe George Warleggan, the man who will happily see you in debtors' prison... ã1,400! Correct. As your banker and friend, I must advise against. You cannot afford it. And you have your own wife and child to care for. Would it not seem as if you value your cousin-in-law's comfort ahead of hers? It might, if I chose to tell her. Which I do not. I am here. Francis is not. Demelza has resources which Elizabeth does not. She's a miner's daughter. She has learned to survive. Elizabeth is a gentlewoman. And you are a madman. A madman who can now order his life with a clear conscience. My niece is in Truro. I have taken the opportunity to summon you. I imagine you've some idea why? I don't think it's for me to speculate, sir. I might wish you'd shown such delicacy in all your dealings. I'm sorry you think I have not. I refer to your friendship with my niece. In what way do you consider that offensive? Oh, come, sir, you cannot be ignorant of the ways of the world. As for a serious attachment... ..with a young man of your station... - I am a gentleman, sir. - And she is an heiress. Much too important a person to be entangled with a penniless country doctor like yourself. Is that not for her to decide? Caroline must marry with my consent. Otherwise she will not inherit a penny. She has been brought up in the greatest possible luxury. Do you suppose that she will sacrifice that for the little you have to offer? She has given me cause to suppose so. - Or you may think she has a private fortune of her own? - I neither know nor care what she has. ã6,000. ã6,000 - all you get if you married her. Until now, I've suffered your comments with a due degree of civility, but there are limits, sir. God knows I've never given you cause to suppose me a fortune hunter, and if you imagine that no man without an eye to her inheritance could fall in love with your niece, then you greatly underrate her charms and insult us both. Well, I hope I have made my views clear. And in doing so, you have given me hope. Caroline's fortune is less than I thought, I'm glad of it. A penniless doctor could wed such a fortune yet not be eclipsed by it. You will leave this house now, sir, and you will never return. You will cease all communication with my niece... Caroline is of age, sir. Your control may be exercised within these walls, but not beyond. I see I have gravely mistaken your character, Dr Enys. But at least now we understand each other. Oh, yes, sir. Now we understand each other. London is so diverting. I may well take a house for the season next year. May I hope to be honoured by a visit from yourself? I'd be delighted, sir. And I'd like to think Elizabeth could be persuaded. Well, once she's out of mourning. But I dare not hope for it. She's been closeted away at Trenwith for so long. Yet society deserves to see more of its rarest treasures, yourself included. SHE CHUCKLES Goodbye, little man. Look after your mama this Christmas. It's what your papa would wish. You may think me interfering, but I urge you to let Ross and Demelza keep this Christmas to themselves. - But... - For your sake, as well as theirs. Nothing will happen till nightfall. Well, that do make all the difference. Demelza. What can I do? I can't beg for money, I can't earn it. I can't dig for it, I can't tell him not to dig. What use am I? He should've wed someone like Caroline Penvenen. I've known Cap'n Ross since he were a whelp, since his mother died. She was a good soul, an' a wise. - An' I know what she'd say. - What? That her lad had met his match. Maybe that was true once. But now? Now I'm his torment. And she'd say, serve him right. I could crown him. An' he scarcely knows I'm there. KNOCK AT DOOR Prudie, don't answer it! Oh, Charlie. I did fear it might be the gaugers. Why would they suspect a gentleman's house, ma'am? I come with a message for Cap'n Ross. Wait here. I'll fetch him. Ross! There's a visitor. Charlie. What is it? Mr Trencrom say if you wish to write a letter to Mark Daniel in France, do so. I'll see it gets aboard when The One and All sails. Ross. I'm so glad you're here. I want to know what I must do. From Pascoe? An offer has been made for Geoffrey Charles's share of Wheal Grace. It's not the Warleggans, I've already ascertained that. Is it not astonishing? It's a good price. But that someone should offer as much for his share as Francis first put into it? Has there been some new discovery of ore? Far from it. Everyone knows we must close soon. "The prospective buyer is a gentleman who wishes "to remain nameless but who has your son's best interest at heart". Remarkable. What do you advise? Should I consider the offer? Consider? You should accept it without delay. Our situation here... The money, it would make all the difference, but for you? Are you sure it won't compromise you? Your new partner, a stranger? I know you think it's best for us, but I would hate to think I was taking advantage of our friendship. Elizabeth, you must sell. This will enormously ease your situation. I'm only grateful for your hesitation, and your loyalty all these months. Loyalty's not all on one side, Ross, nor ever has been. I regret I must decline your invitation for Christmas. I believe Francis would want me to spend it in his house. And I regret that circumstances are such that I cannot take care of you as I might wish. We both regret that, Ross. You've had time to consider your position? I have. See, Caroline, you must understand that though I might tolerate the young man on a professional basis, I cannot permit him to have sight of you again after his impudent pretensions to your hand. I misunderstood his attentions, Uncle. Now that I apprehend them, I will know how to behave in future. Caroline. You're an accomplished rider, Dr Enys. Clearly such talents would be wasted in city life. I have other talents which would not. But you can't bear the thought of Bath. And you can't bear the thought of marriage. To a man of talent, anything is possible. Without you, nothing is possible. War now seems inevitable. Merry Christmas, Ross. Pitt's called out the military. The French are in Antwerp. - Gravy? - What? Oh, yes, thank you. I invited Dwight to join us. Oh? He declined. Probably just as well. That would have meant two mouthfuls apiece as opposed to three. I expect he's meeting Caroline. I expect he is. From Mr Trencrom. Mark Daniel. Yes? Apparently he's disappeared from the face of the earth. Oh. Leastways now we know. Yes. Now we know our last hope is gone. I wish it could be more, my darling. Perhaps next Christmas. Rose water? Do I require a fumigant? No, Aunt, but... Francis always knew what I liked. Brandy wine, port and Canary - preferably all three. Oh, how charming. Did you make it yourself? Yes, Mama. Just the thing for guarding the fire and avoiding society. Then we'll all need one. Get your needles out, Elizabeth. Mr George Warleggan. My compliments of the season, dear ladies. Sit by me, child. Beware that man's pitchfork and his tail. I was passing and wondered if I might beg the favour of Elizabeth's company for a few hours? We have a small gathering at Cardew. Only if she can be spared, of course. I fear I cannot. We intend to keep Christmas quietly, just among ourselves. Elizabeth, dear, allow me to assist you in choosing a suitable gown. I wanted to ask your advice. Yes? As Geoffrey Charles's godfather, I will of course be responsible for the cost of his education until he completes university. That's too generous. I cannot allow... I was not asking your permission, Elizabeth, only your opinion as to whether you favour Oxford or Cambridge. But this is beyond anything, George. I don't know what to say. Then may I leave you to ponder while I fulfil my obligations to Miss Trevelyan? I believe you know Sir John, Lord Devoran, Mr Alfred Barbary, my Uncle Cary. Gentlemen. Charmed, I'm sure. I suspect it won't be long before we see a Mistress George Warleggan. Odds on it's the Penrose girl. He wouldn't be satisfied with anything less than an honourable... Nor should he be. I've discussed it with Pascoe. We wait until late in the day to tell Cary I cannot pay him. Then there's a chance they won't come and arrest me till tomorrow. So we shall have one final night at home together. Where are you going? With you. If you think you're to play the hero an' face this alone, you're greatly mistook. Mistress Poldark. This is a surprise. Something to fortify you? Thank you, I will. I fear I'll need it. As I told you, the Warleggans declined to extend the loan. Thank you. 'Tis my suspicion they care nothing for the money. What they want is the man. And here he is. And yet I think perhaps they may be disappointed. How? I recently received a visit. From? A person who wishes to remain nameless. - Harris Pascoe? - Miss Penvenen. The proposal I'm instructed to make is this - to purchase your debt, in full, and arrange a new promissory note at a considerably lower rate of interest. I don't understand. How could anyone consider that an investment? The person concerned regards it as a mark of faith in your prospects and integrity. If you accept, the full ã1,400 will instantly be forthcoming and you may take it to the Warleggans this very hour. But who is this person? Who would do such a thing? - Is it you, Harris? - It is not. I need your assurance that no-one else will learn of this arrangement. Of course. But surely your uncle... Your absolute assurance. Can you give it? Nor am I at liberty to disclose their name. It was their express condition. - Is it someone we know? - Is it Trencrom? - Sir Hugh? The money is available the moment you sign the new promissory note. Is it Horace Treneglos? I cannot tell you anything more. But you, knowin' this person, do advise us to accept? But I, knowing this person, do advise you to accept. Should we offer him a glass, do you think? It may be the last good port he has for a while. Why not? We are gentlemen, after all. CARY CHUCKLES This way, please, sir. Good day to you both. You know my wife, Demelza. Good day to you, ma'am. Delighted you can join us. May I offer you some refreshment? 'Tis most kind of you, sir, but I fear 'twould not be fitting. I regret to say, I'm unable to give you the satisfaction. Most unfortunate. Of visiting me in prison. You will have to make do with this. What is this foolery? Repayment in full. With interest. We wish you both the compliments of the season. How?! How has he managed this? You told me he had no allies, no friends. I was evidently wrong. We will bring him down. If it takes ten years, we will see him in the gutter. And his slut, we will make it our mission... Compose yourself, Uncle. Does half of Cornwall need to hear of this small setback? Small! You call it small? In the grand scheme of things, it is small. And there are other ways to punish him which do not involve money. From George. Prudie? Judas! What's this? A secret cache? 'Twas the Maid's notion, sir. She bid us not to tell 'ee. 'Tis against 'ee going to prison. What else were you not to tell me? Do 'ee need a list of all the things she do to keep us safe and fed an' warm an' fitty? # When the moon is on the sea # Kosk yn ta, kosk yn ta # Silver pilchards called to thee # Kosk yn, kosk yn ta # Dream of starry gazey pie ♪ Kosk yn, kosk yn ta. ♪ Ssh. You're right. I barely notice half of what she does. Of late, I've barely noticed her at all. I bought a few things while you were at the chandlers. You shouldn't have. We've so little t' spare. Well, you had nothing for Christmas. Not even my attention. I need no gifts, Ross. 'Tis enough if you still care for me. Do you doubt it? I've begun to. At least... Not your liking, but... maybe your longing. You think I no longer love you? Not in that way. Open your present. What is it? Do you not like them? They're too fine. When would I wear them? Will they suit you? I cannot tell. Let me see. If you like. So you are not to be rid of me, my love. So I am not to be rid of you, my love. You no longer have a reason to call. I will always have reason to call, if you wish it. Mark Daniel's been found. I must meet with him - Grace depends on it. There is an informer about. I came to tell you I'm leaving. To be with Caroline? How did you guess? Where is Cap'n Poldark? Why does Ross not answer my notes? Better to rely on one's own resources. Ambush! 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 