Poldark: Season 2, Episode 2 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Poldark 
 s2e2 - Episode #2.2 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Poldark (2015–…): Season 2, Episode 2 - Episode #2.2 - full transcript 
 On the eve of her husband's trial Demelza ignores Ray Penvenen's advice and approaches Judge Lister for mercy but her plan is scuppered by George Warleggan. Warleggan is convinced that Ross... 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Ross Vennor Poldark,
 I am committing you for trial at the Bodmin assizes.
 You must answer to judge and jury an' if you're found guilty...
 You owe him no loyalty! It's common sense to testify against him!
 It really is the end for me and Francis!
 I'm a physician, ma'am. May I be of service?
 Perhaps some brilliant defence will occur to me!
 If only one knew who the judge would be!
 Wentworth Lister.
 Are you acquainted with him?
 I advise you to reconsider your attitude.
 It's no detriment to me if you choose to run your neck into a noose.
 I beg you to let me through. 'Tis all the reason I've come to Bodmin.
 My husband's life depends on it.
 Where will you go? I have one last thing I must try.
 If he hangs, he'll have only himself to blame.
 Do not lose heart, Francis. Tomorrow is a new day.
 A new day.
 GUN IS COCKED
 And it may never come.
 KEYS RATTLE
 Sounds lively out there!
 The rabble are out in force tonight!
 The list...
 of those summoned to speak against you.
 A long list.
 Jud Paynter?
 You know him?
 He was my servant.
 Well, now he's the Crown's.
 And the testimony of a loyal servant against his former master.
 Nail in the coffin.
 CROWD SHOUT
 GENTEEL MUSIC
 Mistress Poldark!
 How delightful!
 Mr Penvenen! To think of us meeting again so soon!
 And may I introduce my niece, Caroline?
 Mistress Demelza Poldark of Nampara.
 And Mr Unwin Trevaunance.
 Are you here for the election, ma'am?
 Er... No, ma'am, for the assizes.
 Oh, yes.
 Unwin, were you not telling me there was a Poldark to be tried this week?
 That's my husband, ma'am.
 And is he guilty?
 What did he do?
 HE CLEARS HIS THROAT
 Well, if I were the judge, I would sentence him to be returned
 to his wife without delay!
 CROWD SHOUTING OUTSIDE
 That must be the crowd, clamouring for me.
 Will you join me outside?
 Why not?
 I enjoy a baying mob.
 May I be of service, ma'am?
 Well, since you mention it...
 For pity's sake! Must we always have these dire predictions?
 Not once have I known you forecast an outcome
 which was remotely cheering!
 I'm not divining the future.
 I'm entertaining myself with a game of Snap!
 Go to Bodmin, Elizabeth. You'll never be satisfied till you do.
 This election, 'tis a joke.
 What difference do it make?
 Who suffers when mines close?
 Not fancy folk!
 Stuffed to the gizzards wi' beef while we scrape by on black bread
 an' beech leaves! In France they wud'n stand for it!
 It's come here to Bodmin soon enough,
 and it won't be long before it reaches you down in Truro.
 Bin out there, 'ave 'ee?
 'Tis like a powder keg!
 Dr Enys! Wha' brings 'ee here?
 Same as you, Prudie.
 To speak f'r Cap'n Ross?
 As I'm sure we all will.
 Mr Paynter, are you ill?
 Dammit, can a man not study th' innards of a jug without bein'
 clepp'd malingerer?
 I commend you to your studies.
 Goin' out there? 'Ave a care!
 'Twill take but a spark. Pow!
 Your defence is proving more of a challenge than I'd anticipated.
 D'you have the document from Harris Pascoe?
 Your Last Will and Testament?
 Influence?
 I do not have that sort of influence, ma'am,
 and it would prejudice your husband's case, not help it!
 But if it was put the right way?
 If it were put any way, ma'am. No. No. No.
 I-I wouldn't dream of trying to persuade a judge.
 Believe me, I... I sympathise.
 I... I really do.
 And I do dearly hope that the court look kindly on your husband.
 But the surest way of attaining the opposite
 would be to try and influence the judge.
 (I see.)
 Forgive me, sir.
 I'm a little despairing.
 Is he a kindly man? In appearance, I mean?
 Justice Lister?
 Somewhat severe.
 Small and stout?
 Tall and lean.
 Does he like his port?
 Resolutely sober.
 If there's to be a reckoning,
 it's as well to have one's affairs in order!
 Little as there is of value.
 My household effects, my shares in Wheal Leisure...
 Mr Pascoe mentions a "Wheal Grace".
 My father's old mine. It's derelict.
 But still yours...
 and still deemed an asset.
 Not by me!
 I deem it a worthless hole in the ground!
 But by all means let me bequeath it to my wife,
 along with my other debts and liabilities!
 HE SIGHS
 I really have left her nothing.
 Oh!
 Oh dear, my deepest apologies. Are you hurt?
 Only my dignity, sir!
 May I assist you to a chair? Some port, perhaps?
 No, thank you. I never touch it, sir.
 Are you stalking me, Dr Enys?
 Not all, ma'am. But now I'm here, may I be of service?
 Can you prescribe something to keep me awake?
 You find the election boring?
 Exceedingly dull. And the rabble out there insufferable.
 Oh, I grant you it seems unpleasant.
 But take each man for himself and he's likeable enough.
 Are you a Jacobin, like Ross Poldark?
 It's clear you don't know Ross Poldark.
 No, but I expect to tomorrow, and I'd hope for better
 entertainment than I've had here tonight.
 I'm sure you're the sort who takes a window at Tyburn
 for the pleasure of seeing someone choke to death?
 And is it any business of yours if I am?
 No.
 No. I'm thankful not.
 Gentlemen, I have here the results of the Bodmin constituency.
 Chenhalls, Michael - 2,250.
 CROWD CHEERS
 Dagge, Hugh - 1,203.
 Trevaunance, Unwin - 1,203.
 It's a tie for second place.
 A farcical state of affairs.
 There will have to be a second vote to decide the remaining seat!
 There can be no question of that.
 The key is to regard yourself as elected and act accordingly.
 But how? I'm tied in second place. The chair, man! Take a second chair.
 Claim your seat before Dagge has chance to contest it.
 Come now. There's no time to lose.
 CROWD SHOUTS
 Who are ye?
 Um, well, I...
 D'ye know me? D'ye speak for me?
 I'm your elected member...
 Who elected ye? Did I?
 Did any here?
 CROWD SHOUT ANGRILY
 Ye don't speak for me! But maybe this will!
 CROWD JEER
 Turn it round!
 Get... Get me back inside.
 I hope he brought his rosewater!
 There'll be a reckoning, mark 'ee!
 Commoners don't hold with being tramped underfoot.
 Bring down the fancy folk and let the poor rise!
 Nay, 'ee shan't muzzle me!
 I'm a free man. I've a right to speak!
 HE GROANS
 Apparently not.
 This has not helped our cause.
 Mission accomplished. Unwin has established his claim.
 Almost at the expense of his own life!
 Is it always like this in Bodmin?
 I couldn't say. I live near Truro.
 I'm only here for tomorrow's trial.
 You speak for Ross Poldark?
 I look forward to seeing you acquit yourself.
 Happily it's not I who is on trial.
 Are you quite certain of that?
 You flatter yourself, ma'am.
 Are all men so odiously conceited?
 I shouldn't put conceit as the particular property of one sex.
 How gracious of you to correct me, sir!
 I wonder you're so solicitous for one you so clearly despise.
 You're mistaken, madam. I neither solicit nor despise.
 That rabble! Have they no respect for their betters or for the law?
 I mean, someone needs to take them
 by the scruff of the neck and...and...
 Oh, good God! What is the woman doing?
 She'll hang her husband if she's not careful!
 So let me ask Your Lordship,
 how can a body judge if a person be telling the truth?
 Well...
 For some of them be so downright convincing and have all
 the evidence to back 'em up, but if the evidence be false...?
 Excuse me.
 Excuse me.
 For instance, if a body did know the truth about an accused,
 wouldn't he - or she - then be obliged to speak?
 Most assuredly. In the appropriate place,
 which would be the court.
 Then put the case, sir, that a body know'd some other body
 who paid money so that other bodies might speak lies.
 You list a great many bodies, ma'am.
 Are any of them here now?
 Well, in truth, seeing as you do ask me directly, Your Lordship...
 Mistress Demelza, what a pleasure to see you.
 And Your Lordship. Out unusually late?
 Indeed, sir. Though not unagreeably detained.
 You must be grateful for the distraction, ma'am.
 Were you speaking of your husband?
 Of course you will meet him tomorrow. Sir?
 Ross Poldark? When he comes before you in court.
 Oh. You were not aware?
 No, sir, I was not.
 You will pardon me, ma'am, sir.
 Let me accompany you.
 What do you make of this assault on our newly elected MP?
 Barely escaped with his life!
 If this goes on, we'll have revolution on our hands!
 In Cornwall? People are fearful, sir.
 People are wondering when a clear message will be sent.
 Those who stir up disorder should expect the severest penalty.
 Would you not agree? I do, sir.
 Beg pardon, sir, there's a gentleman within...
 A Mr Francis Poldark?
 Oh, yes.
 HE KNOCKS
 Francis?
 HE KNOCKS INSISTENTLY
 Francis?
 HE RATTLES DOOR
 Locked, sir. From the inside.
 We may need to break it down. Nay, 'twill damage it.
 Dammit, man, Mr Poldark may be ill. He may even...
 This is the statement I've prepared for you.
 You may find it a little contrite for your taste...
 There are limits, even if one's neck is at stake.
 So you'd go to the gallows on a point of principle?
 Of course it's your life to do as you please.
 Are you a fatalist, Enys?
 Would you believe that we are masters of our own destiny?
 Well...
 Cos a... short while ago I...
 Pointed this at my head and it misfired.
 The flint went down but the powder did not ignite.
 Since then, I've been trying to decide whether to...
 to do it again.
 I agree, it's in very poor taste
 to use your hospitality for such a purpose. But I...
 Anyway, the thing's not done, so for the moment,
 you have a talkative companion instead of a silent one.
 I don't understand. Why would you wish...?
 Francis, you are young, you're propertied, you're respected,
 you have a beautiful wife, a healthy son...
 Stop! Or I shall weep for joy!
 Let's have some brandy. Hmm?
 At any rate, I can do no damage until I have fresh powder.
 I hope you will reconsider.
 HE SNIFFS
 Here's to the devil!
 THEY CLINK GLASSES
 Lord knows whose side he's been on tonight.
 Why do you hate him?
 What has he ever done to deserve it?
 I doubt you'd understand.
 Because I am not so well-bred as you?
 I am a miner's daughter. But you are a blacksmith's grandson.
 What is the difference?
 The difference is that you will always be a miner's daughter.
 Whereas I am a gentleman.
 I am a gentleman's wife.
 Soon to be a gentleman's widow?
 Got a wife? Got a family?
 You don't think it's worth making this concession for their sakes?
 I appreciate your efforts.
 But I cannot put my name to beggary and flattery.
 Dammit, man, you have no choice!
 The case against you is too strong.
 It's not a question of whether you'll be found guilty, but WHEN,
 and what the sentence will be!
 All you can do is paint a penitent figure,
 so that you may escape the worst.
 The worst, I tell you!
 Perhaps you will consider that before you sleep tonight.
 DOOR SLAMS
 Did you have better luck?
 If anything, I've made it worse.
 What did you hope to achieve?
 I don't know. Anything!
 Verity, I lost my child.
 How could I bear it if I lost Ross too?
 Ask me, Enys. Am I cleaning it to put away
 or do I intend to use it again?
 Do you?
 If I see a suitable target.
 What 'ee be up to, 'ee lizardy lousedy pissabed?
 Up to? I? Innocent as a new-born babe!
 Witnesses primed. And we've augmented the crowd
 with persons who share our view of the accused
 and will not scruple to make their voices heard!
 And His Lordship?
 Is immune to persuasion.
 On the contrary. I believe he was persuaded last night
 without a penny changing hands.
 BELLS RING
 Jack Tripp, on your feet!
 D'you go before the court?
 With head held high!
 And sore, no doubt!
 Not for long. The noose is a great curer for headaches!
 I wish you justice if there's any to be found.
 Which there ain't, as we both do know.
 So luck it must be!
 For us both then.
 As ringleader and instigator of the affray,
 in which you did unlawfully assemble together
 a violent and unruly mob,
 you have been found guilty.
 It now only remains for me to pass the dreadful sentence
 of the law, which is that you be taken from hence
 to a place of execution,
 where you will be hanged by the neck until you die.
 Call Ross Poldark.
 CROWD JEERS
 Order!
 CROWD: Murderer! Murderer!
 ORDER!
 Why do they cry murder? That is not the charge.
 Silence in court!
 So many against him?
 Only the ones paid by George.
 But if the jury believe them?
 Ross Vennor Poldark, you stand accused that you did incite riot,
 viciously attack a customs officer
 and did plunder diverse goods belonging to a ship in distress.
 How do you plead?
 Not guilty.
 DOOR OPENS
 Let the court beware this man! The devil in gent's clothing!
 He stole my daughter,
 debauched and left her unfit for neither man nor beast!
 Have him taken.
 And when I did go to the rescue o' my child,
 this man did viciously assault I,
 a poor god-fearing man in his dotage, with fists and with weapons.
 I tell you, this man do think himself above the law!
 Do think he may take whatever he please
 and never pay the price for it!
 I do implore the court to see that justice be done
 in the name of I and all who've suffered at his hands!
 Continue.
 Gentlemen of the jury. You'll recall that in this summer's great winds,
 a ship got into distress and was driven ashore
 on Hendrawna Beach, just below the house of the accused.
 You might expect that such a man's first thought would be
 the safety of the poor souls aboard.
 Instead, he sought to rouse the lawless spirits
 of the district so that when the wreck came in,
 it might be plundered with the utmost dispatch.
 Witnesses will testify
 that the accused personally directed the plunder.
 And that survivors from the wreck were beaten
 as they struggled ashore.
 When a contingent of soldiers and excisemen arrived,
 the prisoner warned them not to interfere and threatened them
 with violence if they did.
 When they nonetheless went down on the beach, they were set upon
 by the accused. One of them received near-fatal injuries.
 Did you see the prisoner attack the customs officer?
 Yes, sir. I seed him strike a blow across his face
 and kick him when he's down!
 Bloody liar! That's a lie!
 "Roused from sleep", you say? Aye, sir. By him, sir.
 Saying what? "Pickings for all! Hendrawna beach! Wreck coming in!
 "Strip her to the last plank!"
 And when you reached Hendrawna Beach,
 what did you see the accused do?
 Pluck cargo from the sea, pile it up on the strand
 and direct others to do the same.
 Did you see him assault the customs officer?
 Aye, sir. Assault, sir. Terrible thing, sur.
 CROWD SHOUTS
 Order!
 Ephraim Oliver, you were on the beach
 on the night of January seventh last. What did you see?
 That mans struck him across his skull
 and kicked him to the ground and leave him for dead.
 William Fiddick, how close were you to the accused when
 he struck John Coppard, the exciseman?
 As you be to me, sur, and felt the blow like 'twas across me own head.
 Sergeant Tremayne, the prisoner warned you not to go to the beach.
 And yet you did so. Why was that?
 Well, I felt he was casting doubts upon my resolve
 and goading me to do so. In effect laying a trap for you?
 'Twas my belief, sir.
 Oh, Demelza!
 Is it not intolerable in there? I could scarce breathe.
 Nor I...
 I came for Francis.
 I never thanked you for tending me in my sickness.
 You saved my son.
 And at such a cost.
 How can you bear it?
 I'm with child again.
 Is...Ross glad?
 I've not told him. If...if things go ill today...
 Pray God they do not.
 I...I must... Of course.
 Call Jud Paynter!
 Describe to us, Mr Paynter, what took place the night of the gale.
 So there's Prudie, that's the wife, snoring fit to rouse the dead,
 When along come Cap'n Ross saying,
 "Ship gone ashore down Hendrawna."
 I can't believe he would turn against Ross like this.
 Yes? Yes.
 And what did he do?
 Do?
 Did he urge you to do anything?
 Urge?
 Oh, aye, he says to I...
 .."rouse the rest of the village and head down to the shore".
 Did he give you a reason? Reason?
 Aye.
 "Come now," he says,
 "sharp as ye can, for likely there's...
 "..women and children aboard who need saving from a watery grave."
 Come, man, recollect yourself. Think what you're saying.
 Aye, that's what he said, right enough.
 And I tell you, man, to think again.
 What you say is not in accordance with your sworn statement.
 "When Captain Poldark came to my house,
 "he told me to hurry and rouse the village
 "because there was a wreck and the sooner it was stripped, the better
 "before the authorities turned up."
 No, sir, I never said them words and I never thought 'em neither.
 I remind you, Mr Paynter,
 that this statement was made before witnesses and read aloud to you
 before you signed.
 Aye, well, sir, see, I is hard of hearing.
 So it's likely I misheard what they said and they...
 ..misheard what I said.
 Mr Bull, I would have thought it was clear
 that this witness has committed perjury,
 either now or when he made his original statement.
 I would suggest that you turn him out of the box
 and get on with your case.
 You should have brandished less carrot and more stick.
 We could not possibly have foreseen...
 I beg to differ. These people have peculiar loyalties.
 What of Captain Bray? Did you manage to prevail there?
 Call Captain Bray.
 Describe, Captain Bray,
 the sight that met your eyes as you came ashore that night.
 Like Dante's Inferno.
 Drunken men cavorting,
 mules struggling beneath the spoils from the ship.
 All semblance of order gone.
 'twas as close to hell as I ever hope to come.
 And your passengers and crew?
 Confronted by viciousness of the grossest kind.
 I had to stand guard to prevent them being torn to pieces.
 Thank you, Captain Bray.
 Your description would strike a chill into the heart
 of any decent human being.
 GALLERY MURMURS
 The prisoner begs leave to question the witness.
 Granted.
 Captain Bray, do you recall seeing me on the beach that night?
 You came and offered me and my passengers shelter in your house.
 And did you see or hear me
 encouraging anyone to wreck your ship?
 It was dark, sir,
 but I don't believe I'd set eyes on you until that moment.
 Did you see the meeting of myself and the captain of the soldiers?
 As I recall, you warned him not to go down to the beach.
 And did I accompany you into my house, sir?
 You did.
 Thank you.
 MURMURING
 One moment, Captain.
 How long did the accused stay with you after you entered the house?
 About five minutes.
 He said that his wife was ill and he needed to tend her.
 When did you see him again?
 About two hours later. So there was nothing to prevent him
 leaving the house as soon as you were settled
 and returning to the beach to attack the exciseman?
 I suppose not.
 Thank you. You may stand down.
 It's no exaggeration to suggest that what we have here
 is a revolutionary.
 Self-serving, contemptuous of his class, careless of others' property.
 Of all the crimes committed that night,
 this man was the instigator and chief perpetrator.
 It is not within my scope to call to attention the previous acts
 of lawlessness that have marred the accused's character...
 Objection! Confine yourself to the present allegations, Mr Bull.
 ..but it is relevant to draw conclusions from statements
 made by the accused at the time of his arrest,
 statements purporting to explain his actions, justify them,
 and which brand him an obvious admirer
 of the bloodshed and tyranny in France!
 SHOUTS OF AGREEMENT
 Asked if he encouraged the riot which broke out on the beach -
 "I did not consider it a riot."
 Asked if he approved of plunder and lawlessness -
 "Do you approve of whole families
 "being without sufficient food to keep them alive?"
 Asked what part he played in the death of Matthew Sanson.
 "Regrettably, none whatsoever."
 If you have ever heard a more damning indictment
 from a prisoner's own mouth, I would frankly be amazed.
 Such a man is a danger to us all.
 The country and justice itself deserves the severest penalty.
 The Crown rests its case.
 CHEERING AND APPLAUSE, GAVEL BANGS
 Witnesses for the defence?
 Are there any?
 Call Dwight Enys.
 My Lord, I am the physician
 who attended Captain Poldark's wife and child
 during their attack of the putrid throat.
 At that time I was constantly in the house
 and can testify that Captain Poldark had no sleep for almost a week.
 His only child died and was buried but a few days before the wreck.
 On the day itself...
 ..I formed the opinion that he had suffered a mental breakdown.
 I consider that any strangeness in his actions
 should almost entirely be attributed to that.
 You are an apothecary?
 A physician, sir. A licentiate of the London College of Physicians
 and a Cornishman by birth. And an expert in mental afflictions?
 I did not say so.
 Then your views on the matter can hardly be expected
 to carry much weight. TITTERING
 I believe they can, sir.
 In my view, Captain Poldark was, temporarily, through grief
 and lack of sleep, not himself.
 Do you consider that anyone
 who loses a child and a few nights' sleep
 is justified in creating a riot?
 I do not believe he created the riot.
 We require your opinion as a physician, sir,
 not as a friend or drinking companion.
 I speak purely as a physician
 and base my opinion on clinical observation.
 Captain Poldark was unsteady on his feet and disordered in his remarks.
 Perhaps he was drunk.
 He had not touched a drink in several days.
 My Lord, when his infant daughter died,
 a great many people came to the funeral.
 All of society, from highest to low.
 He's held in very great esteem.
 But with his wife ill, it was impossible to give them refreshment.
 This weighed heavy on his mind.
 And I suggest to you that he did provide for them.
 In rousing the rabble and leading them to the wreck,
 he both assuaged his conscience
 and filled his larder with pillaged goods.
 That was not my meaning, sir. Thank you, sir.
 You paint a very clear picture of the prisoner's state of mind.
 GAVEL BANGS, SHOUTING
 Enough!
 Remove these persons from the court.
 Quite right! They should be taken out and whipped!
 SHOUTING CONTINUES
 The court will take a short adjournment.
 We could not have hoped for a better judge.
 Poldark will surely hang!
 Yes.
 That is what you want?
 The mine he will leave to his wife.
 We can soon acquire the shares. Was she not his kitchen maid?
 She will give us no trouble. Do not believe it.
 You will be celebrating tonight.
 I certainly intend to.
 You could not bear to keep away.
 I was concerned.
 For me?
 Do I not have cause?
 Well, as you can see, I am well,
 so had you not better return to Trenwith?
 Having come so far, I may as well stay.
 Ross will be gratified.
 Are you?
 Are you resolved?
 To prostrate myself and beg for mercy?
 Good God, man, do you not see what's happening?
 You stand accused of a riot and lawlessness.
 This country lives in dread of France.
 This court must be seen to set an example.
 That is why you must grovel.
 Do so now or you will not live to see the sun rise tomorrow.
 My Lord...
 ..gentlemen of the jury.
 I can only apologise that this case has taken so much of your time.
 I will try to take as little more as may be necessary
 to beg your clemency.
 It is true that I saw a wreck come in,
 that I rode and told several villagers,
 that a number of people came upon the beach
 and that items were carried away.
 Though not by me.
 My house was searched...
 ..and none were found.
 Why?
 Because I took none.
 The Counsel has suggested that I'm a revolutionary,
 that these people are revolutionaries,
 branded with a desire to overthrow authority.
 Well, nothing could be further from the truth.
 The people of Sawle, Mellin and Grambler
 who came upon the beach that day were ordinary people,
 no more and no less law-abiding, loyal subjects than any here.
 As to what happened when they came upon the beach,
 I ask you to think of the traditions of our county.
 That people scour the beaches for flotsam.
 This is commonly known.
 But in times of dire need,
 when fathers have seen their children without a crust
 for their bellies or a rag for their backs,
 these pickings have been the means of keeping ordinary people alive!
 What else would you have them do,
 after they have rescued the crew and brought goods ashore?
 Are they then to await the arrival of the excisemen
 and watch them carry off the goods that they have salvaged?
 You ask if I was in my right mind -
 well, you've heard evidence that I was not.
 But is it insanity to think that rich pickings strewn across a beach
 are better used to sustain those in need
 than returned to those whose only goal is profit?
 I cannot believe it.
 I will not believe it.
 I make no apologies for my actions.
 In truth, I would do the same again.
 Thank you.
 I've heard more penitent speeches.
 But rarely more eloquent?
 My apologies. Hmm.
 What happens now?
 The judge's summing up.
 I would not expect much benevolence.
 Gentlemen of the jury, this man stands accused of riot,
 theft and assaulting an officer of the Crown.
 Your duty is to decide, beyond reasonable doubt,
 if the prisoner is guilty or innocent.
 But in law, if you are satisfied that a riot took place,
 you only need to be satisfied that the prisoner was involved,
 to find him guilty as a principal.
 The prisoner has attempted to find mitigating circumstances
 in the distress generally prevailing amongst the poor.
 You may find this an admirable sentiment,
 but you would be failing in your duty
 if you allowed it to influence your judgment in any way.
 Will you now consider your verdict?
 You may retire if you wish.
 Bad, is it not?
 Very bad.
 Not that I don't admire his stubbornness, but...
 ..he'll pay for it.
 Will I have a chance to say goodbye to my wife?
 You will be removed from the court and taken directly to your fate.
 "The quality of mercy is not strain'd
 "It droppeth as the gentle rain from heaven upon the place beneath."
 And God knows it droppeth sometimes on those who least deserve it.
 I must congratulate you on your eloquence.
 You almost convinced me I was guilty.
 In truth, I believe there's nothing either you or anyone could have said
 to change the old man's mind.
 He seems determined to make an example of you.
 They're coming back.
 Gentlemen of the jury...
 ..have you reached a verdict?
 We have.
 Do you find the prisoner guilty...
 ..or not guilty?
 We find him...
 ..not guilty on all three charges.
 APPLAUSE
 I thought we'd lost him! I was sure of it!
 Oh, Francis, dear brother...
 can we not take heart from this?
 Is there not hope in it for all?
 Hope? Of a reconciling?
 Of you and I, gladly, gladly.
 But, Verity, for your husband,
 while I live and breathe, it will never happen.
 So he will come home after all.
 Yes.
 No, no, don't stop on my account.
 I wonder if you would have wept so prettily had I not come home.
 Why would you not have come home, Francis?
 Let's not distress ourselves to no purpose. I am coming home.
 And so is Ross.
 And tomorrow the sun will rise again.
 So let us count our blessings.
 Seems I shan't be rid of you yet, Captain. A pity.
 I was looking forward to dealing
 with the sensible side of the family!
 Is it over? Are ye free?
 It appears so.
 HE PLAYS UPBEAT JIG
 How did he get off?!
 How did the accursed jury disregard all the evidence
 and find him not guilty?
 And to think I let my uncle persuade me against
 pressing a charge of murder!
 I tell you there was not one atom of proof
 and we could not have manufactured it. And Paynter recanted!
 He will pay for it shortly.
 What now?
 Do we, er, accept defeat?
 By no means.
 Wheal Leisure is his one real asset.
 We must set about buying up shares.
 When I control the mine, I control Ross.
 And, er...Francis?
 His finances are in your hands. You could break him tomorrow.
 I could.
 But for the moment I intend to make no move at all.
 You care nothing for his good will. Not his.
 There is another person to consider.
 Not guilty.
 As I expected.
 Sit here, my dear.
 May I get you a glass of wine?
 Thank you.
 Stay a little longer with us!
 Nay, Jinny, leave him be. They'll be wantin' to be away home.
 Caroline.
 Thank you.
 Thank you.
 To Westminster! To Ross Poldark.
 You must toast as your uncle bids you, Caroline.
 You are his ward and you must obey his wishes.
 And what are his wishes?
 Why, for you to engage yourself to a man of substance and repute.
 I intend to.
 Here's to Ross!
 ALL: To Ross!
 Judas!
 I might go to town tomorrow.
 I've a notion to engage a couple of servants.
 And what sorts would you be lookin' for?
 Fiendishly hardworking.
 Pitifully grateful.
 Exceedingly cheap.
 If you hear of any such, tell them to make themselves known to me.
 You overlook one thing.
 Ross Poldark is alive
 and must be aware of our attempts to render him otherwise.
 And?
 He does not strike me as a man who takes such things lying down.
 After all, he's a soldier. A renegade.
 Your point?
 That in failing to get him hanged, you have left yourself exposed.
 DOOR OPENS
 I did not care for Bodmin.
 This is what I desire.
 You, me, our house,
 candles burning,
 the scent of new-picked violets.
 Maybe it's because I'm of common stock, I'm so easily pleased.
 Common stock you are not.
 There is one thing I do desire.
 A child in the crib.
 To take her place?
 Not to make us forget her.
 Do not wish it.
 Not ever? Not for now.
 With our future so uncertain.
 Our future looks kinder than we ever expected.
 Much kinder.
 I believe we agreed you would not come to Bodmin.
 Yes, Ross, I believe that we did.
 Have I told you what I feel about a disobedient wife?
 Have I told you what I feel about a reckless husband?
 Ross Poldark would not dare lay a finger on me.
 Even though we tried to get him hanged?
 My name is Tankard, acting on behalf of Mr Coke.
 Mr Warleggan, more like.
 I asked Pascoe to find me a loan of ?1,000.
 The interest at 40% is due this week.
 And your news? The child.
 Is he pleased? Not exactly.
 Mr Paynter!
 What is it? What is it? I think I might be able to help you.
 Mistress Poldark.
 Just be careful his uniform doesn't dazzle you.
 It has that effect on some people. You're detestable, sayin' that!
 Cousin! It's an unexpected pleasure.
 Somehow you've managed to bring the light back to Francis's eyes.
 I cannot imagine how. Can you not?
 Has anyone got eyes on Lane?
 What's going to happen to me now?
 Please!
 Move!  
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 