Poldark: Season 1, Episode 3 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Poldark 
 s1e3 - Episode #1.3 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Poldark (2015–…): Season 1, Episode 3 - Episode #1.3 - full transcript 
 Ross reopens Wheal Leisure, drawing his work force from Charles' mine and winning the respect of his tenants. Whilst he and Demelza are at a local wedding Elizabeth gives birth to a son, ... 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 ♪♪ (seagulls calling) (bell rings) POLDARK: I thought this day would never come. Expectations are high. Pray God we don't disappoint them. Aye. TRENEGLOS: A pleasant change, to see a mine opening. For how long, I wonder? My friends, when my father closed this mine 20 years ago, 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 he little thought it would have a future. Today, with your help, labor, and good wishes, we aim to prove him wrong. Gentlemen, ladies, I declare the Wheal Leisure mine open. (cheers and applause) 'Tis a grand thing ye done, Ross. Thank you, Ross. Zacky... Mark. Can't thank you enough. Then don't. If all goes well, it's I who'll be thanking you. Sir. I'm that glad, sir. For the miners and their families, and for you, sir! My neck's on the line. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Are you glad about that? Oh, no, sir. For what shall I do if it come to grief? DR. CHOAKE: Are the rumors true, do you think? Well, he's a damned fool if they're not. FRANCIS: I take it you've forgiven him? He saved your life. Time for you to demonstrate it wasn't wasted. I have no mine to resurrect. You have one to keep alive. Start by stemming the leakage of workers from our mine to his. Well, that's easier said than done. Our wages are hardly an incentive to stay. POLDARK: We will have iron ladders down the main shaft. Iron? Wood rots. It'll cost you. Better me than a man's life. (metal clanging in the distance) Two shafts have been sunk, but it's hard going. We struck ironstone almost at once. We may yet require gunpowder. More expense then? Aye, but don't be discouraged. Where there's ironstone, there's often copper. There. Do you mark that? Chase that and we'll hope to catch copper. (coins jangle) PRUDIE: Don't you! JUD: Take that! Don't you hit me again! Judas! I can hear you kicking up a dido three mile away! 'Tis this great buffle head! Hush your creening, woman! You think cheese wouldn't choke you! Be she who started it. Mr. Ross's rum again? He won't miss it. His head be fair full of the mine. (sobbing): He's gone and broke me arm! (sighing): Let's see. It is only a sprain, but you'll not be fit to cook vittles this three week. You must step into the breach, then! It's all right, child, Prudie'll instruct you. Talk of the blind leading the blind? Well, don't just stand there, brew us a dish of tea while I rest me broken wing. (pot slams loudly) (bell ringing) Ross, have you got a minute? By all means. It's young Jim. What's he been up to now? My Jinny. Poaching's a capital offense. Believe me, I'm acquainted with the niceties of the law. It's not for my sake, Ross, it's for me mother and sisters. I can't see them starve. And Jinny? Sir? Is her welfare of equal concern to you? Her father tells me she's with child. Yes, sir, and I mean to do right by her when I can afford it. Damn it, man, the girl's frantic! Why didn't you come to me before? Why, Ross, but could ye do? It wants some small repairs. But nothing to pay? You'd be doing me a favor keeping it clean and dry. (coughs) 'Tis more than we could ever have hoped. Well, then, that's settled. So now what's your excuse? Sir? Don't keep the girl waiting! Be off to her father, and while you're at it, see Reverend Odgers about getting the banns read. And get rid of those nets. Let's have no more poaching. So Prudie's recovery may take some time? Happen a month or so, sir. Have her delay it as long as possible. (band playing) I wish you could forget him, my dear. (voice breaking): Is love so easy to forget? Forgive me. I didn't mean to-- I didn't mean to suggest... (gasps) (groans and exhales) (bell rings) Mrs. Tabb, send for Dr. Choake! (band playing) REVEREND ODGERS: I wonder you do not think of marriage, Captain Poldark? I dare say I shall in due course. Always remembering the purpose for which it was ordained? In particular? As a remedy against sin and to avoid fornication? MRS. ZACKY: We can't thank you enough. Any man would do the same. "Any man" would not. The only son. ZACKY: And since his father bit the dust... There's next to nothing coming into the household. (breathing heavily) (groans softly) (groans) (band continues playing) ♪♪ CHARLES: A grandson! The line continues. Well done, my boy! Thank Elizabeth. She did the work. Ah, women, they make a song and dance about it, but if things are properly managed... A new Poldark! (Demelza singing) (snoring) (door slams) A letter... A letter come from Trenwith. Francis and Elizabeth have a son. (woman giggling) Ah, Ross. We were just saying, any man opening a mine these days must be exceptionally brave or extremely foolish. How so? Well, in these dire economic times. Which might be less dire were they not in the hands of those whose only purpose is to make a profit. What other purpose is there? Perhaps you should ask those who exist on starvation wages. Perhaps if you fraternized less with the lower orders you'd feel their woes less keenly. One does feel that the gentry and the vulgars should keep to themselves. Otherwise it gets so confusing. Good day. AUNT AGATHA: Have we been introduced? I seem to recall you're related to me. Forgive me, Aunt. I've had much to attend to of late. How are you? How should I be with Mistress Glumps for company? CHARLES: Verity is well rid of that Scoundrel, Blarney. I trust you've learnt the folly of interference? It won't be repeated, I assure you, Uncle. What do you make of my grandson? Please... A fine-looking boy, is he not? Like his father. And his mother? I congratulate you both. Please. Ah, George. You look pale. I've been stronger. I'd hoped you would be named godfather. But Francis and George are inseparable these days. Look at Geoffrey Charles. He's smiling at you! ROSS: I can't imagine why. (indistinct chatter) Elizabeth? (glass clinking) CHARLES: Ladies and gentlemen. This is a proud day for the Poldarks. Behold the future: Geoffrey Charles Poldark, heir to the great Trenwith estate. And when I have taken leave of this world, and Francis has taught the boy all he knows... (quietly): That shouldn't take long. CHARLES: Our great Poldark dynasty... will continue and... (groans) This wind-- damn me! Dr. Choake, quickly. Father... Carry him through, come on. On a christening day? And the child named after him? 'Tis a sign. Mark my words. Of course a gentleman knows where to draw the line. Towards a lady of his own class, his intention should be strictly honorable. Towards a woman of the lower class, however... Indeed, it's all very disagreeable, but men are men. When Peter called some months ago, there was the hussy already beginning to put on airs. I saw her riding to church, bold as brass, all fit up in a scarlet cloak. MRS. WARLEGGAN: It's too bad, tarnishes the family name, and my Elizabeth would undoubtedly... Proof, if proof were needed. That Ross Poldark is no gentleman. Hyah! Good night, my darling boy. (door opens) My poor wife, neglected as usual. How is your father? Rallying- Despite Choake's efforts. You look very lovely, my dear. Perhaps another night? I still feel a little weak. You seemed most animated this afternoon. With Ross. That's hardly fair. "Oh, Ross, look at my baby. "See how he smiles at you. Don't you wish that he was yours?" How can you say that?! Of course, Ross would never even think such a thing. No, I'm sure he would not! (door slams) (baby cries) Listening at keyholes? I've been tending to Father. No doubt you'll take Elizabeth's side. Against whom? Or Ross's! I take no one's side! Had it been left to him, you would be in Falmouth now living with that scoundrel in shame and misery! I don't regard marriage as misery. That's because you have yet to experience it. (quietly): For which I have you to thank. ((109 barks) (whispering): Jim. (loud thrashing) JINNY: Jim's a good man, and it is good he should want to provide for his family, but not with poaching. It's too dangerous. Could you maybe ask Captain Ross to tell him to stop? DEMELZA: Mr. Ross, can I speak to thee, sir? Mr. Ross, sir? (snoring) Sir? Mr. Ross? "We-heal"... Wheal. "Leh-i-sir." ♪♪ ROSS: Demelza? Captain Poldark, sir? Do you need me? FRANCIS: A heart stroke? But Choake says you'll recover? Choake's a fool. And I am not immortal. So this is your chance. To do what? Step up to the mark. You do recall we have a mine? Yes, but... It requires presence. Direction. Leadership. Yours. (loudly): Yours! L-I know little of... Learn. Fast. If your cousin continues to pay decent wages, we'll soon have no one left at Grambler. Take a leaf out of your cousin's book. Does he keep his distance? Does he watch from afar? Or does he roll up his sleeves and toil alongside his men? Good day to you all. CHARLES". Which do you think will yield the better result? How much longer do you think before we eat'? And perhaps if there's some bread. And maybe some... ...Ale. Have you eaten? I do sometimes forget to, sir. Eat now. Sit. You finished the lower field? Yes, sir, and tomorrow I be starting on the meadow. You get through more in a day than Prudie in a month! I be young, sir, and strong. And not bone idle. I heard Jinny was over. How is she? In truth, sir? She's that worried. About what? Jim and his poaching. I thought perhaps you could tell him to stop. I'll do more than that. I've a better job for him. Assistant purser at the mine. Oh, Jinny'll be that glad! Why must you go? We don't need nothing more. Captain Poldark did give you work, and this cottage, and... It's not just for we, Jinny. Captain Poldark do help us, but I can't ask him to help my mother and sisters. And since father be gone, who else can put bread in their mouths but I? She'd not wish you to take such risk. There will be no more after tonight. You have me word. I won't be long. (door opens) You know I love you. Demelza, do we have any of that... Brandy, sir? Last of that hid in the cupboard from France? Exactly so. Anything else? Yes, if you could somehow avoid the inference that I'm utterly predictable? Yes, sir. I'll try, sir. (birds chirping) (coughing) (footsteps approaching) C)y! (gunshot) (knock at door) (sobbing) POLDARK: I shouldn't have waited. I should have made him the offer last night! What will you do? Visit Sir Hugh Bodrugan, the owner of the pheasants. Ross Poldark! Are you joining the hunt, sir? Thank you, no. But I would be grateful for five minutes of your time. What can I do for you? The poacher taken last night on your land? As magistrate, you'll have hearing of the case? He's an employee of mine. Is he, by God! I would happily make good anyl oss if he could be let off with a severe warning. (chuckling): Blast me, sir, he's on his way to Truro jail! I had him committed for trial at 8:00 this morning. You were in haste, sir. There was no time to lose-- the hunt starts at 9:00! It's a damned disgrace the amount of good game going lost of late. Hangings barely good enough for the villain! (hunting horn blares in the distance) ROSS: They disgust me, my own class. Not all of them, but most. How is it, sir, that you be not like them? Perhaps I am. No, no, sir, they don't see us like you do. There's folk with hurts and feelings, same as they. Sometimes I fail to see that too, Demelza. Sometimes I barely see what's right in front of me. He's just a lad, sir. They must sure let him go. You would think so. Is Jinny ready? She can't go, Ross. "Us her time. (Jinny groaning) Bring him safe home, Ross. (Jinny groaning) DR. HALSE: It was being unemployed by you in soliciting that pardon from the Almighty which I trust your prayers may obtain through the merits of your Redeemer, whose first attribute is mercy. It now only remains to me to pass the dreadful sentence of the law, which is to transportation. Take him away. (crowd shouts and boos) (bangs gavel) (whispering): What was his crime? Poaching. Award, sh"? Oh... don't tell me. More funds required? No, another matter entirely. You treated Jim Carter when he worked at Wheal Reath? Convulsive asthma, a morbid condition of the lungs. Did for his father, as I recall. Why do you ask? Only with evidence of ill health and testament of good character, I'd hope we could get the charge dismissed. Dismissed'? I doubt his lungs would survive a stint in jail. To be frank with you, sir, I've no great sympathy for your aims. No good will come of being sentimental about such folk. They're a different breed, sir. A different breed. MAN: Call James Carter. (door opens) Will you join me? I have an estate to run. One game won't hurt. So he was caught red-handed? And according to Sir Hugh, there's scarcely a pheasant left in his woods? You may stand down. Is there any defense in this case? May I ask the indulgence of the court? You have some evidence you wish to give in this man's defense? I wish to give evidence of his good character. He's my servant. Take the witness stand, sir. (crowd murmuring) (bangs gavel) No doubt, on the evidence you've heard, you will see nothing exceptional in this case. In your long experience I'm sure there are many such cases especially in times when hunger, poverty, and sickness prevail amongst the poor. Keep to the matter in hand, sir. I've reason to believe that the accused fell into bad company with an older man who has so far escaped punishment. He has a wife, a mother, and four sisters to support. Evidence, sir? Pertaining to the crime itself? I have it on the authority of Dr. Choake of Sawle that Jim Carter is suffering from a chronic lung condition which may prove fatal. I myself am prepared to stand surety for his future employ and good behavior. Is it your contention, sir, that the prisoner is not in a fit state of health to go to prison? It is, sir. And furthermore, this very day he will become a father for the first time. (crowd murmuring) (bangs gavel) The prisoner was ill when he went poaching? He's been ill for some time. And his wife has been with child "for some time"? It appears to me that if a man is well enough to go poaching he's well enough to take the consequences whether or not it adversely affects his wife and child. PRUDIE: And when you get home there be calves to be meated and... Who be this here, then? PRUDIE: That be the maid's father. DEMELZA: What can he be wanting? So... you be here still. And content too, Father. And I hope you are too. Take a look at me, daughter. What do you see? What's happened? I be married. The Widow Chegwidden have raised me up and brought me out to meet the Lord. Meaning what? Meaning farewell drink and living in sin. We live a good life now, daughter. And we be fixing to have you back. 'Tis a fine woman I've married, child. And they do think you be better with me than staying here exposed to all temptations... of flesh and the devil. Temptations? You don't know of what I speak. Confess, daughter, what sin there is twixt you and Poldark. There's no sin! He's my master, and I'm his servant. And more besides, if tales be true. What's it to me what folks say? Not to thee maybe, but I want no daughter of mine mixed up in such talk. Since when were you so tender to me? Since the Lord opened my heart and shone his light. So I give you a day to make it right with Poldark, and then I'll be back here again to fetch you home. (sobs) You paint a vivid picture of the hardships endured by the poor, sir. Still, a man's needs should not determine his honesty, else all beggars would be thieves. (crowd murmuring) (bangs gavel) However, in view of these extenuating circumstances and your testimony of Carter's good character, the court is prepared to take a more lenient view. Sentenced to two years imprisonment. (crowd murmurs) (coughs) Well, I trust I shall never have the misfortune to have the "leniency" of the court extended to me! Have a care, Mr. Poldark. Such remarks are not entirely outside the court's jurisdiction. No. Only mercy enjoys that privilege. One moment, sir. You take issue with the laws of this land? I can't help but feel that in this case justice would have been best served by clemency. Happily for justice, this court is better able to interpret the law than you. Then the law is savage and you interpret it without charity! The book from which you preach says that man shall not live by bread alone! These days you're asking him to live without even that! Step down, Mr. Poldark, or we'll have you committed for contempt of court. I can assure you, such a committal would be an entirely accurate reading of my thoughts! (door opens and closes) DEMELZA: How can I go'? I can't live nowhere else. 'Till I came I never lived at all. I can't leave here. (quietly): I can't leave him. (sighs) He'll make me go. He won't care. I'm not so important to him as he is to me. Spare yourself the trouble, child. He'll not be home tonight. What cheer, Captain Poldark? Precious little. I could remedy that. You could not. (sniffles) Nobody could. Then I shall take my consolation where it's more appreciated. (men laughing) A Poldark you say? Not a Poldark. (gasps) (giggles) The Poldark. Of Trenwith House. Lord bless you, sir. What other Poldark is there? (man shouting, rats squeaking) MAN: Let me out! 'Twas more than good of you to try, Ross. Don't thank me. I failed miserably. (man groaning) (softly): Jinny... (sighs) Goodbye. Goodbye, goodbye... goodbye. (sobbing): I can't leave him, I can't, I can't... But I must. ROSS: Demelza! (louder): Demelza! Demelza. Sir? Close the window. Yes, sir. (window closes) Jud and Prudie a-bed? Yes, sir, long since. Fetch me the rum. Yes, sir. Jim Carter got two years. I feared it might be worse. I doubt he'll survive. You did all you could. Did I? I doubt it. I was too concerned with my own dignity. Groveling and compliments were the order of the day, and I made the mistake of trying to teach them their business. A schoolboy error, and Jim paid dearly for it. Demelza? What are you wearing? I found it, sir, in one of the chests in the library. You dare to go rifling through those things? I'm sorry, sir, you never told me I shouldn't look. Surely that was obvious? You're employed as a maid. I know, sir. And you've been a good one. And for that you're allowed certain liberties. But dressing up in fine clothes is not one of them. I meant no harm, sir, 'twas just rotting away in that old box. Take it off. I thought maybe you might let me wear it sometimes. Take it off now! If you don't take it off this minute, you can pack your things and go back to your father. (sobs) Demelza, enough, enough now. I shouldn't have spoken so harshly. (sobs) Don't take it to heart. It's been a hellish day and I'm not myself. What is it? What've I done? I didn't take you from your father for this. What do it matter what you took me for? Go to bed. Sir... Go to bed-- now. (knock at door) What is it? (softly): The dress. It unfastens down the back. (softly): You know what people say of us? (softly): Yes. If we behave like this, it will be true. Then let it be true. (birds chirping) ♪♪ (harp playing) Where's Francis? He did not come home last night. VERITY: He'll have stayed in town with George. That upstart? Has he been going to the mine? I'm sure he has. CHARLES: Elizabeth? Is he attending to his duties? Of course he is, sir. Where's Demelza? Haven't seen her. When she appears, tell her to start in the barley field. You and I will set to with the hay. Aye, sir. L, sir? You, sir. Without Jim to cover your idleness, you may be forced to break a sweat occasionally. (door closes) 'Tisn't right. (thrashing) JUD: They be saying Jim Carter won't last five minutes in Bodmin Jail. If the fever don't get him, starvation will. Still, if someone we know hadn't spoke up for him, he'd be on his way to seven years transportation. (door opens) An unexpected pleasure. I was passing this way and... I was sorry to hear about your farm boy. Reverend Halse plays cards with the Warleggans. And? Perhaps if you'd approached George things could have been arranged? Is that how justice works? We both know it, Ross. How's Geoffrey Charles? He's my joy. Our joy. I heard blasting as I came by Wheal Leisure. Have you hit ironstone? This is a new interest? Francis thinks it's unladylike, but how else can I understand the business on which our fortunes, and those of our tenants, depend. You always had an inquiring mind. Marriage discourages such a thing. Always? Perhaps it depends on the partners. (door opens) Beg your pardon, sir, ma'am. Can I get you anything, ma'am? Prudie's served us. Her arm seems recovered. Yes, sir. I'll just see to these flowers. They're very pretty. Would you like them? Oh! Thank you. But I'm afraid they won't last. See, they're fading already. Cornflowers are like that. I must go. I'll see you out. (barks) (metal scraping) Demelza? Where's Demelza? Last I seen her she were heading towards Sawle with that blathering dog at her heels. ROSS: I engaged you for two years. What do you mean by running away? Sir, I... Haven't you been well treated? Aren't you grown used to the house, and your tasks, and my moods? Yes sir, but... Do you not give me what I want before I even ask? Yes, sir, but I thought, after what happened. You thought you would no longer be my servant. Not from choice, sir. You're right. You can no longer be my servant. REVEREND ODGERS". Dearly beloved, we are gathered together here in the sight of God, to join together this man and this woman in holy matrimony... Ross Vennor Poldark, do you take this woman to be your lawful wedded wife? 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 