Poldark: Season 2, Episode 4 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Poldark 
 s2e4 - Episode #2.4 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Poldark (2015–…): Season 2, Episode 4 - Episode #2.4 - full transcript 
 An epidemic sweeps through the county and Dwight is grateful to Caroline for providing him with a cart-load of fresh oranges to combat it. Ross meanwhile is thwarted in his efforts to ... 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 My name is Tankard. Acting on behalf of Mr Coke. Warleggan, more like! Are they on a mission to own the company? Just to own me. - Francis, I hope... - What, that I'd come to make peace? While I live and breathe, it will never happen. I'm with child again. He don't wish for another. I ordered you to scare him, not assassinate him! Tom got a little carried away. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Cousin! It's an unexpected pleasure. I have such a pain. Somehow you've managed to bring the light back to Francis's eyes. I cannot imagine how. Can you not? Demelza will be thinking you've gone astray. And I know it's just another burden for you! But there's no preventing it now. But if a child is coming... and if you can risk your heart again, then so can I. Mr Vercoe. Captain Poldark. May I ask where these men are headed? Truro Jail, sir. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 And their crime? Importing goods without paying the required duty. Some call it "Free trading". Some call it the only way to afford life's necessities. Brandy? Gin? These essentials, are they? Salt is. 'Tis my duty to enforce the law, Captain. Your commitment is heart-warming. Move out! Shouldn't rile him. Couldn't resist. I'm wanted at the mine. I've fuses to set. And you'd abandon me? Suppose I met a footpad on the way home? God help him. Still not through? Can't be far off. Can almost smell Trevorgie, t'other side of that ironstone! Another blast should do the trick. Will the shareholders keep faith with us? They're sensible men most of them and I intend to make a robust argument. So, we carry on? We carry on. They've broken through? Almost. Ross Poldark is tenacious. Ultimately, I expect Wheal Leisure to do very well for me. Why else would 'ee buy shares in it? On whose land does Wheal Leisure sit? Who is its main shareholder? And his latest scheme is about to come to fruition. It's just too easy. Were you hurt in the blast? 'Tis bruisin' I 'ave all the time. Swelling too, same as Ted. Sir. What is it? Like a plague, Ross. Half the mine's afflicted. Half the village beside. Should we send these men home? They can't afford to lose their pitches. Well, they won't, of course, but we need them fit. Get Dwight Enys. Dwight Enys is a scoundrel! For all he knows I might be dead. I think I would have informed him, had that been the case. "Dr Enys, having saved my life some months ago, "You appear to have no further interest in my recovery. "I would nonetheless esteem it a favour. "If you would call to assure yourself of my full recovery "and to receive payment for your skill. "Unless of course you have more important matters to attend..." Lift your head up. Show me your teeth. I can't account for these symptoms. Swelling, bruising, bleeding gums, listlessness... Is it the dust? The foul air of the mine? I wondered that, but some of these people are fisher folk. It's perplexing. ♪For winter is a-coming...♪ Is that wise? With the currents so strong hereabouts. I know 'em well enough. Will Ross be happy? He'll be happy wi' these! And who's to tell him where I got 'em? How long will Jud be gone? Don't talk to me o' that slinking g'eat lurker! Any excuse to shirk 'is chores and study the inside of Sally Chill-off's kiddley. "Keepin' his head down," He says. I'll keep his head down! Could someone have caused the bruises? She says they come of their own accord. But how? I can't fathom it. Is it paludal fever? Is it purpura? I've tried fresh air, sunlight, goat's milk, nutmeg. Perhaps what I should try is a different profession! The Navy, perhaps? You'd enjoy ship's rations! Salt pork, dried biscuit, weevils. No doubt! And be all the healthier for it! Of course. What? Biscuit, salt, no fresh fruit, no green vegetables! I thank you, Ross! What for? Helping me diagnose the complaint. Scurvy! Captain Poldark, sir? Thank you, sir. Dwight! This just came for you. From Killewarren. You seem in haste, George. Have you urgent business afoot? All my business is urgent. Including your assault-by-proxy? Excuse me? My servant, a witness at the trial, was attacked and left for dead. How is that my concern? Only that it would be a mistake to imagine such intimidation could continue to be one-sided. Is that a threat, Ross? Is it? Last night in Sawle they say another drop was ambushed. More cargo lost and four more sent to Bodmin Jail. Since the riots in Bodmin, the district's been crawlin' with soldiers. They'm clean out of salt from Padstow to St Ives. Bode ill for when the shoals come in. - Fish won't keep. - Fish won't sell. Mam says if it weren't for Mr Ross... Where are these from? Nampara Cove. You went out in the boat? No, I whistled and they came a-dancin' at me out the waves! Have you no sense? Yes. And an extra mouth to feed! Then at least do it the courtesy of taking more care of yourself in future. I won't be home late. What's that contraption? A Virgula divinitoria. It's believed to sniff out metal. Since they reconciled, I was hoping Francis would look to Ross for guidance. That upstart Warleggan hasn't called of late. He and Francis have quarrelled. I wonder he doesn't call in your loans. But perhaps he has another plan. Such as? Should I know how the Devil's mind works? You better keep him sweet. Perhaps you should pay him a visit. I've no influence over George. I've summoned Dr Choake to come and visit you. I find myself in excellent health, thank you, Aunt. And I will improve further when we have a working mine to our name and are no longer reliant on Warleggan charity. Verity should be here. She'd know what to do! Will you join me aboard next week? People will think me a bad wife to be always gallivanting off and sunning myself in Lisbon! That makes you a good wife. For acceding to your husband's wishes! I think they are yours, too? You know they are. I've had word from James. His ship was diverted to Penang. - And Esther? - Remains with her governess in Plymouth. But when James returns, they will both come and visit us. I shall insist. Do you ever think the price was too high? Your children shun us. My brother disowns us. We have at least one friend. To whom we owe everything. Of course we're happy. I could not be more so. And yet? My brother will not forgive me. And Andrew's children decline to meet me. Not that I blame them. I've replaced their dear departed mother. They must hate me! But when they meet you... I begin to fear that will never happen. And if they will not accept me now, how much worse will it be if Andrew and I have a child of our own? Are you...? No. Not yet. But children are the natural consequence of marriage, are they not? It would appear so. "Dear Madam, I am happy to hear of your recovery "but be assured, as to payment, I am amply recompensed by the knowledge of your gratitude." "To you, Dr Enys, "No doubt the saving of my life seems a very small service. "to me, it assumes a slightly greater significance. "I therefore enclose a guinea, which is the smallest value, "little as I esteem myself, that I could put upon your services. "Be so kind as to attend me today." Do you think Elizabeth could ever be persuaded to meet me here? Even for half an hour? With Geoffrey Charles? Would she do that? Behind Francis's back? No, she would never. But I do miss them so terribly. You see? He will never be reconciled. Dr Enys. How kind of you to call. I haven't been waiting above three months! I apologise, Miss Penvenen. I've been busy with my other patients. Doubtless they're more important than I. Only insofar as their conditions are more serious. Well? Are you going to examine my throat or not? Open your mouth, please. Wider, please. Most satisfactory. You will have no further trouble. How brusque you are today! Is your friend Ross Poldark so peremptory? He has little time for pleasantries, if that's what you mean. Do you ride, Dr Enys? For pleasure, that is. I'm sure you'll appreciate I have very little time when I'm taken up with... More serious complaints. So tell me, what are they? Scrofula, phthisis, scurvy. What can be done for them? For scrofula, nothing. For scurvy, a doctor's drugs are useless but simple foods - green vegetables, fresh fruit can effect an almost immediate cure. But.. these are precisely what the poor cannot afford, so they bleed and die. Why do they not spend less on gin and more on oranges? Oranges? Oranges, when they can be had, cost thruppence apiece. Gin costs less than sixpence a quart. Yet many are as sober as you or I. But will you do any good by attempting to save these people? They will only multiply and then there'll be more mouths to feed. Of course it's sad to see them die, but at least it keeps the numbers in check. Do I shock you? Only by your assumption that you will not be included in this stocktaking. But of course I won't! I'm a Penvenen, so I'm rich and privileged. Would you excuse me, madam? My patients require me. I shall take the liberty of returning your fee. You consider yourself tainted by it? I bid you good day. Gentlemen, we have good news to report. Mr Henshawe? Our latest excavations have taken us through to what we calculate to be feet from the old Trevorgie copper lode. Now, I'm aware this has taken longer than we'd hoped, but it is my belief that the next blast will see us break through. So it only remains for us to secure your approval to divert this quarter's profits for the last time one final push. Do we have everyone's agreement? Eight weeks. Yes? Beyond your wildest estimate. And you're still not through? Ironstone is no respecter of time or money. But we as shareholders must be, surely? Each quarter we've seen our profits diverted into a scheme which has so far yielded precisely nothing. Optimism's one thing but what if you've got your bearings wrong and bypassed the old workings altogether? There is not a man in these parts who knows the workings better than Captain Henshawe. But if he's wrong, you might dig on for years and never connect. I say we put it to a vote. All those in favour of continuing? All those against? Motion to continue denied. Shall we close the meeting? There's nothing further to report. One moment, sir. You will no doubt have noticed the absence of Mr Renfrew. As of yesterday, he is no longer a shareholder, having sold his shares to me. 'Was he furious?' Not with me. But then he knows I am not the actual owner of the shares. You pass my house without paying a call? How have I offended you? As I think you know, George, since the trial... The trial? Is that not behind us now? Cannot we move forward? Rekindle our former connection? I'm not sure how possible that... Please. At least return with me and take some refreshment? Mr Trencrom. Cap'n Poldark. What can I do for you, Mr Trencrom? May a man not call, in neighbourly fashion, enquire after your affairs, see how they prosper, speak a little of his own? Suppose you speak first of yours so I may come to a quicker understanding of your interest in mine. I'm sad you've declined my invitations of late. We decline all invitations. We simply cannot afford to return the hospitality. May I venture to suggest that I am a special case? And difficult as things are at Trenwith, they could I'm sure you realise be so much worse. And if Francis cannot say so, allow me to convey the thanks of the entire family. Not the entire family, surely? My affairs do far from prosper. Oh, business is brisk as far as consumption goes. The difficulty comes with the supply. So I hear. What do you hear? That the customs officials at St Ann's are determined to let nothing slip ashore. That all your attempts to persuade them with a share of the profits have fallen on deaf ears. And now this crackdown from on high means that every time we find a new landing place, we're met by gaugers and military. All cargo confiscated crew barely 'scaped with their lives. So here's the thing, we've run out of navigable inlets. And I possess the only one for miles. Actually, I expect to be seeing a good deal of Ross in future. I've increased my shareholding in his mine. So I hope I won't have cause to inflict undue pressure on him. Or on Francis, for that matter. What might cause you to? I wonder. Your cove is not ideal but we could land there safely on still nights. I'd handle the distribution, all you'd need to do is draw your curtains. And what, do you think, would induce me to do so? Ross. We could discuss a lump sum per cargo. How does ï¿¡50 sound? I see you've not lost your sense of humour. Is that such a poor offer? What would you suggest? ï¿¡200 per cargo. - Ross. - My dear sir! Impossible. Make the journey almost without profit. Not to mention salt. Salt? There's less profit in salt than tea or brandy. Less call for it among my more genteel customers. ï¿¡200 per cargo. And six casks of salt. That's my price. Take it or leave it. What is it you seek, George? Your friendship. A renewal of our former intimacy. A gradual increase in it. Is that too much too ask? Particularly if it safeguards those you love. I do not believe Francis would be happy about my visiting here often. If at all. A pity. A very great pity. ï¿¡200, for lettin' tub-carriers use our cove? That won't buy you out of prison! I don't intend to be there. I can't stand it again! The frettin', the not sleepin', the picturin' you hangin' at Bargus Crossroads! Were we not in dire straits I wouldn't do it. Today I learnt that George has bought up more of Wheal Leisure. With ï¿¡200 we can keep our heads above water and Sawle can salt its pilchards. And why is it fine for you to run risks when I may not even take a boat out in calm waters? Believe me, I have every intention of keeping on the right side of the law. Or at least the blind side! 'Tis a cryin' shame we stopped the tunnel to Trevorgie. In me bones I could feel we were close. Where do you estimate we'd got to? Well. Nigh on that clump o' trees. Halfway towards Wheal Grace? I'd say so. Yer father's old mine. It never occurred to me till now how close it is to the old Trevorgie workings. Reckon it wouldn't hurt to take a closer look at Trevorgie from that end. Maybe the old men found a way through that we know nothin' of. Is that what Mark meant? The night he went away to France? There's money in that mine. Copper. I never see'd a more keenly lode. You think he wandered into Trevorgie? Could he? But if it's all under water... With no way of draining it. We'd need one of them new-fangled pumping engines. Which cost. Let me think on it. If I decide to take it any further, I'll come back to you. What are you up to? Daydreaming. Wheal Grace. You don't intend to resurrect her? If my finances ever match my ambitions! The curse of the Poldarks! Plenty of one... and none of the other. Dr Enys, are you now a peddler? They're for my patients. When these are gone, there'll be nothing till next harvest. And do your patients enjoy worms and mould? Beggars cannot be choosers. Almonds, sugar, oranges, chocolate. You spoil me! May I not? But, in fact, it is not all for you. The sugar is for James, the chocolate for Esther! They come in a month! Are you happy now? Yes! Of course! Ah, Caroline. This from Unwin. Pressing the subject of an engagement. Now he's an MP... His coffers need to keep pace with his ambitions? Oh, for shame, Caroline! One must not assume mercenary motives. I dearly hope that both of you are marrying for love. You think Unwin loves me? You do not? I think he loves my 20,000 pounds! Oh, I will be sorry to think so. Does it not strike you as odd? I'm an heiress, yet I have no money of my own. Suppose you give me some? Well... I, I have no objection to advancing you something, but... in Lord of day, what will you spend it on? I mean, your every need is catered for here. - 50 pounds? - How much?! What's the use in being rich if one can't have a flutter now and then? Caroline. You know I disapprove of gaming. But this would be a new type of gambling, Uncle. It appeals to me and I have a fancy to indulge the whim. I saw Ross. Was he well? He's considering a new venture. Of what nature? Oh, mining, of course! What else? Whether we like it or not, it's in our blood. Come on, boy. Shall we go see if we can strike lucky? How far is it? Quarter mile. Give me a shovel and I'll dig it myself. And be back in time for supper! Someone's full of the joys of spring! Always is when he's up an' doin'. 'Tis sittin' still he can't abide. Well, this section's mostly shallow but the lower levels are flooded. We'd surely need an engine. Those two young engineers in Redruth. Trevithick and Bull? They've some interesting new ideas. At a price. And we don't yet know if there's ore enough to make it worthwhile. Is it worth the risk? We have these samples, this map, Mark's word. Your pigheadness! And against that? Time? Money? Common sense? Is it a secret or can we all be told? All in good time. But for tonight, draw the curtains early and ignore any sounds outside. And where will you be? Taking delivery of the cargo. Ross, you cannot! - Already arranged. - Dis-arrange it! Here they come. So far, so good. So I should hope. Who else could know about this? Yet the other landings up the coast were surprised. Mr Trencrom did advise us not to trust no-one. Keep the horse straight. Gaugers! How many? Just the one. Vercoe! I'll head him off. Nay, Ross. If he sees you, you're as good as hanged. It's clear. Let's go. If they varmints come troachin' across our flower-beds, I'll... It's over. Is it? Demelza, try to see this in a rational light. I'm home. The tide is high. There's no footprints on the beach. There'll be salt for the pilchards. And we are 200 pounds less in debt than we were this morning. Is that not cause to celebrate? - That you go against my wishes? - For the good of us both. That you take risks you need not take? On this occasion. You think you can do as you please while I always do as you bid me? Well, think again! Well, my love? The Thunderer docks at noon. I'll collect James, then meet Esther off the Plymouth coach and be with you by two. Do not make yourself uneasy. They will adore you as much as I do! Thank you so much. Miss Penvenen? Captain Poldark! Are you lost? Do I look it? You're far from home. Perhaps I enjoy my own company. You should make the most of it. I hear you're to be married soon. Do you recommend the estate? When both parties agree. We cannot all follow our hearts. Surely an heiress can? What an amusing idea! Excuse me, I'm late for the hunt. Ross! Is it you I have to thank for this windfall? What is it? Oranges! I think we both know I am not your mysterious benefactor. Oranges? Oranges. If I made you a gift, it would be a better instrument for removing fish bones. You bruised my mouth with your fingers, remember? I knew it was you. I'm very grateful. They'll be life-saving. Good heavens, you don't imagine I care about the fate of a few fishwives, do you? You wouldn't take my guinea. So...? I knew your conscience wouldn't let you refuse a gift for your starving patients. So, you see, now you're under obligation to me. Is that where you prefer your men? You're rather impertinent. I like you very much, too. Oh, there you are, Caroline! The fox escaped us, but, er... Dr Enys. Dr Enys, I hear you're rather good at curing dogs. Did you notice Horace has a little spot on his ear? Has he? Perhaps Dr Enys might take a look at it after we've gone? For 12 bags of oranges he shall have the best attention I can give him. Do we wait for Mr Tankard? He knows the time of the meeting. Proceed, Mr Henshawe. Last month we sent two parcels of red copper to auction. This month we'll have two, maybe three. The question is, do we take on extra men, aside from those back on tribute since the closing of the tunnel? Mr Tankard is not here, so we must take a vote without him. Gentlemen... Forgive my tardiness. The fox led us a merry dance, but we got him in the end. You were expecting Mr Tankard? He will no longer attend. I feel, as a principal shareholder, it befits me to take a more robust interest from now on. Perhaps you will kindly outline your suggestions and I shall give them my best consideration. What do it mean? It means we cannot move an inch without his say-so. Nothing to be done. Or is there? You will sell half my shares in Wheal Leisure. If you wish. You will demand the very highest price. I know for certain George will pay. I think it's for the best. Indeed, had you done so a year ago... Still, not too late to pay off your debts and start afresh. Very true. But that's not in fact how I intend to use the money. Ross - it's good to see you. Is Francis here? Yes, he's... I thought I heard your voice! Is this a social call? Not exactly. What? I'm opening Wheal Grace. - You don't mean it! - Yes. That's cheerful news! Henshawe and I have already been down. The lower level's flooded, we'll need an engine. But we reckon there's enough ore in the shallows to get us through. Who's investing the money? I've sold half my shares in Wheal Leisure. I can realise 600 pounds. - 600? - Yes. Erm, you've told me more than once about the money you have put by. Yes. With 1,200 pounds we could do a great deal. You're suggesting we go into partnership? Yes. It's a risk. In more ways than one. George has a long arm. To hell with George! And you could well lose your money. I like a gamble. One can gamble on a man as well as a mine. Well, I can't guarantee the mine. Well, if that's how you feel, let's shake hands on it. Ross, before you take this forward, there are certain things I should tell you. Past things? And I shouldn't feel I could... proceed unless you were fully apprised of... If it's the past, let's forget it. I don't think I want to hear it. If that's the case, I don't think I want to hear it myself! To the Poldarks. To the Poldarks! Mr Ross won't like it. Mr Ross won't be told. Will he? No, mistress. I'm Esther. Oh, my dear. You come too soon! No, I meant I did not expect you till this afternoon. I came on the early coach. Is my father here? He's... gone to meet your brother. Won't you come in? Oh, my dear, it's so good to meet you at last. Will it just be the two of you? No other shareholders? None whatsoever. There is one further point. I wish my shares in the mine to be vested in my son's name. But he's still a child, isn't he? Yes, but if George Warleggan learns of our partnership he may try to get at Ross through me. But if the shares belong to Geoffrey Charles, well, then George cannot touch them. As you wish. I've a fancy to buy a nosegay for Elizabeth. Shall we meet at the Red Lion - then ride home together? - By all means. You may be interested to know I've just purchased more shares in Wheal Leisure. I wish you joy of them. So the rumours are true? You and Francis are going into business together. I see you have your ear to the ground. Or should I say to the keyhole? I'm surprised to hear you're pinning your hopes on Wheal Grace. What do you hope to find there? Gold? No. Freedom... to call our souls our own. I suppose you know where Francis got the money he's investing? Yes and we're very much obliged to you, George. Yes, we paid it him for services rendered. In exchange for the names of the Carnmore Copper Company shareholders. 600 pounds or should I say 30 pieces of silver? Hey there! Stop it! Get away! Hey there! Get out! Sir... Ross? Could it be true? Well, Francis certainly had the money from George. And it's clear to me he had something on his conscience. But the thought that he'd deliberately sell my secrets to George. And if it's true, how can I go into business with him? But if you accuse him and you're wrong? He'll never forgive me. So either way, the partnership's doomed. Captain Poldark. Captain Blamey! You've been in the wars? My surgeon has patched me up. Dr Dwight Enys, Captain Andrew Blamey. My cousin Verity's husband. Your servant, sir. And yours, sir. If, er, you're sure you'll survive, I've other patients to attend to. Dwight, there is one further service you can render me. I don't think you're at all like your father, are you, my dear? No, ma'am. I favour my mother. She was very beautiful. More so than... After she died, people tried to poison me against her. But I know better. She was a saint. Of course. And I know I could never replace her. But I hope you'll come to look upon me as a loving friend. Is Verity well? Exceedingly. Well, that's not entirely true. She tries to conceal it but I know she grieves the loss of her family. I am the last person to intervene. You are. Enys told me to come and say hello. Apparently, you're barred from the Red Lion! You. Walk with us, Francis. You look as if you need the air. Thank you, I'll not trouble you in this company. Francis, this is the last moment to wipe out the past. My, erm, sister seems to find her new life agreeable. And I will never give her cause to think otherwise. Not that she takes account of my approval. She would dearly love it. That's why I also desire it. Suppose you've heard of my cousin's encounter with George Warleggan? Threw him across the Red Lion and broke his nose! Not quite. I congratulate you. I've wished to do the same myself! Verity told me about a developing feud. What was the cause of the quarrel today? I took a dislike to his neck-cloth. Time to go. Time to go home. Oh, Andrew, I can't bear it! Esther despises me. When James comes, pray excuse me I cannot face both of them together! My dear, this is James... my son. Good day t'ye, ma'am! I've heard a deal of good about you! You'll pardon the liberty, ma'am, but one don't get a new mother every day of the week! Come down, Esther! I know you'll be sulking but this is our family now, so it's well to get used to it! D'ye have any rum, ma'am? I've a powerful thirst on me! Of course! 'You spoke to him?' Civilly? And shook his hand. Demelza? Demelza? Garrick? Where's Garrick? Sir... I told mistress not to go, but... Prudie? You let her go? 'Ee ever tried to stop her? Give me the oars, Demelza! I can manage. Give me the oars! You are the most stubborn, pigheaded... Oh, I am?! Where would you be if I hadn't come along? Where would you be if I hadn't come along?! Drinkin' an brawlin' an' dodgin' the noose. Let's examine my failings at a more convenient time, shall we? Come on! Ah, Judas. Stop wriggling. You're hateful! You're infuriating. I could crown you. By all means! Once you've delivered our child. You have a son. Miss Penvenen, you're surely not returning to London? Help me to change her mind, George. Don't trouble yourself. I must return to civilisation. One can only take so many barbarians! Dr Enys? I've ordered more oranges. Oranges? Goodbye, Dwight. Such a quaint name. I wonder if we'll ever meet again. Drive on. Wheal Grace. I never thought I'd see the day. - Nor I. - Nor any of us. - To the Poldarks. - And Wheal Grace. The Poldarks and Wheal Grace. - Shall we go and have a look round? - Yes! My father named this mine after my mother. He did love 'er. He did. Yet folks said he was a wastrel. While she lived, she kept him steady. He set his course by her. Like the North Star. Like the North Star. But I have no such need. The North Star is not the brightest in the sky. Well, what is? The Dog Star. Which is fitting. Since I found my star in a dog fight! Ted Carkeek has been arrested. There's talk of an informer. To think of one of our own betrayin' us? Are you not afeared? Dr Enys! How diverting! Cannot a woman love two men? Cannot a man love two women? - 'Tis never copper? - I think it may be. You will never again set foot in my house. Ross signed a promissory note for 1,000 pounds at 40% interest! He plunges from one disaster to another and blames me for all of them. One can only feel for the man's wife. If we buy the debt, the debtor would then be at our mercy. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 