Poldark: Season 2, Episode 3 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Poldark 
 s2e3 - Episode #2.3 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Poldark (2015–…): Season 2, Episode 3 - Episode #2.3 - full transcript 
 Ross chairs the meeting for his mine's share-holders, where expansion of Wheal Leisure is approved but Warleggan's spy Tankard is also present and Warleggan's heavies attack Jud for failing... 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Your finances are a disgrace. My wife will be sorry she wed me. Your wife deserves better. I'm with child again. Is Ross glad? I've not told him. Are you stalking me, Dr Enys? Not at all. A short while ago, I pointed this at my head, and since then, have been trying to decide whether to do it again. Why would you not have come home, Francis? 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 I am coming home. It's common sense to testify against him. No, sir, I never said them words and I never thought 'em neither. We find him not guilty on all three charges. In failing to get him hanged, you have left yourself exposed. There is one thing I do desire. A child in the crib. Do not wish it with our future so uncertain. Come on. I applaud your foresight. It's as well to be prepared. For what? Any encounter with those who might...wish us ill. Ross Poldark would not dare lay a finger on me. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Even though we tried to get him hanged? We failed. Did you forget? Ah, but on that score, there are other ways to choke a man. And if the rumours about his finances are true, it shouldn't be difficult. Well, I look forward to hearing of your progress. Yes? Beggin' yer pardon, Cap'n, sir. There's a letter for ye, sir, if it pleases ye. Ah, the ole Trevorgie workings? 'Tis a fine thought, sir. What is? Whatever 'ee was thinking, sir. I'm thinking of thrashing you from here to Sawle. Aye, sir. Well, whatever 'ee say, sir. Much obliged, sir. 'I write to remind you that your loan of £1,000, 'with interest at 40%, is shortly due for repayment. 'Your friend, Harris Pascoe.' - All I need! - What is? Jud. His grovelling is killing me! Are you away somewhere? To Truro, for the Wheal Leisure shareholders' meeting. Just, since the trial, I've scarce seen you, let alone had time to speak. You always seem about some business or other. The mine, the harvest. Would you have me neglect our affairs? - No, Ross. - We'll talk soon. I promise. Gentlemen, welcome to the quarterly meeting of the Wheal Leisure shareholders. Now, before we begin, I must make you aware that Mrs Jacqueline Tregidden has sold her shares to a Mr Coke. Since Mrs Tregidden has always trusted us to do our business without her interference, let's hope this gentleman will do the same. If... Good day to you, gentlemen. My name is Tankard, acting on behalf of Mr Coke. Mr Warleggan, more like. Pray, go on with the business, sir. I'm most eager to hear what you have to say. Oh, shield your eyes, my boy! The dazzle of Warleggan livery can blind a man! George has invited us to a soiree. I've sent our regrets. No, no, no. No, surely not. Pray, convey our delight in declining his invitation. Now then, boy, would you like to do your lessons, or help me in the fields? - The fields! - The fields is the correct answer! Gentlemen, it's been four years since we opened Wheal Leisure. We started with 50 men, now we employ 100. We're not prosperous, but we consistently show a small profit. Though we're not getting fat on it. But that could change if another lode of copper could be found. Mr Henshawe? 'Tis common knowledge that the ancient Trevorgie workings - abandoned a half-century ago when the owner died - were never worked out. The old shafts caved in long ago. 'Tis impossible to reach from above grass, but if you look at this old map, compare it with the current map of Wheal Leisure workings, you'll see that we've extended considerably in the direction of Trevorgie. My proposal is this - we divert our quarterly profits into starting an exploratory tunnel to see if we can join up the old Trevorgie workings and access the untapped copper. And who's to do the digging? Will it take men away from the day-to-day workings? Can you guarantee that copper will be found? How will this affect my client's dividends? As you know, sir, there are no guarantees in mining. Mr Henshawe will personally supervise the venture. A small team, including myself, will be led by Zacky Martin. And we'll take on six extra men to cover them. Well, I can't see the harm in it. I doubt their wages will bankrupt us! - No, you can be sure o' that, sir. - I'm in favour. Who's with me? Motion carried. Mr Aukitt and Mr Tankard declined. Cap'n McNeil. Mistress Poldark. Have you recovered from your husband's ordeal? I give thanks daily for his acquittal, sir. Doubtless he's a wiser man for it. No more sailing close to the wind. Well, you know Ross. - Is he home? - In town. I'm in the neighbourhood at the behest of Unwin Trevaunance, advising on matters of local security. But I trust I may drop in and take a glass of rum with my old army comrade, or, indeed, my old comrade's wife? Allow me, ma'am. Thank you. George Warleggan finally has a spy in the camp. It was bound to happen eventually. But provided the other shareholders hold firm, Tankard and George can be kept in check. Well, it's the last thing 'ee need now with all the rumours going about. - Rumours? - The parlous state o' your finances. Have people nothing better to gossip about? You'll have to excuse me, gentlemen. I'll see you tonight at the mine. When's the last time 'ee took a day off? When I sat in jail awaiting trial. Cap'n Ross be home soon, I bla'. I hope so, seeing as Cap'n mcNeil has called especially to see him. Your health, ma'am. In truth, 'twas also you I wished to see, on account of your skill at cow doctoring. I've no such thing, sir. Sir Hugh Bodrugan has heard different. His prize cow Sheba is sick. He'd esteem it the greatest of favours if you'd cast your eye over the beast and prescribe a remedy. - He asked for you particularly. - I don't doubt it. May I tell him that he need not hope in vain? - Captain McNeil. - An ambush, sir! Caught off guard and in possession of the field! How are you, sir? On manoeuvres hereabouts? Quartered with Sir Hugh at Werry House, whither I'm attempting to lure your wife. To what end? Sir Hugh wants me to tend to his cow, though I say I've no skill. Can I persuade you to lend your wife to such a cause? Demelza has a mind of her own, sir. But since she has a special fondness for Sir Hugh, no doubt she'll be over directly. If you'll excuse me, I have mine figures to attend to. Look, Horace. What beastly little hovels! Who could bear to live here? I urge you to quit this place and come to London. Loathsome sights do not distress you. I did not say I found all the sights loathsome hereabouts. Well done, my boy. He's not been right since he returned from Bodmin. He is changed and I do not know how or why. But we must be glad of it. Elizabeth Poldark "Regrets". This is Francis's doing. Why waste your time on these people? Surely, Unwin is of more use. Unwin is proving less of an asset than I'd hoped. All manner of promises made in exchange for votes, and I'm beginning to fear they've been wasted. What's the use of having an MP in your pocket if he's too obtuse to do your bidding? He is pliable. Is that not an asset? Only if yoked to wit and intelligence, which, in this case, it is not. How was the meeting? - Illuminating. - Tell me. Oh, but first, summon Tom Harry. There's another small matter regarding Poldark's manservant. When 'Is Worshipfulness, the judge, he says to me, "Mr Paynter," He says, "Did this man do wrong or no?" And I says, "Sithee, Your Honourableness, "Ross Poldark is as innocent "as a newly-dropped babe in its first wettels." And, says 'is Majestic Honourableness, "Mr Paynter, 'tis your testimony "and your testimony alone have set this man free." Did you mislay your manners, leaving me alone to deal with our guest? You appeared to be handling him admirably. - I felt like an intruder. - Meaning what? Demelza, do you really suppose he wants you to cure Bodrugan's cow? He makes his intentions very plain. I think I ought to be able to judge that for myself. No doubt you think so. Just be careful his uniform doesn't dazzle you. It has that effect on some people. Especially a common miner's daughter who don't know any better? That's for you to demonstrate. You are detestable, saying that! - I'm sure I didn't start this argument. - No, but you never do! You just give me the cold shoulder and sour looks and despise everything that isn't up to your high-an'-mighty standards! What 'ee bin sayin' to upset the maid? I haven't the faintest idea. Demelza. - Are you well? - Quite well, thank 'ee. I came in search of Garrick. He scented a rabbit and... Garrick! Garrick, come to! Is Ross recovered from the trial? He rarely speaks of it. And your news? The child? Is he pleased? Not exactly. You've not told him. He don't wish for another. Since Julia, he... He haven't the heart for it. And we're to blame. 'Tis not my belief. It's good of you to say so, but the fact that there's still discord between our families... There is. And I think 'twill not be lightly set aside. By Ross at least. Garrick! When we strike, it must be clean and swift and out of sight. Giss on, man! You're talking to the master now. Gentlemen, a good night's work? Well, a good deal nearer Trevorgie than this time yesterday! Go home and get some rest. None of that for the wicked! It's home to breakfast and then away to Truro. My finances require urgent attention. - Demelza. - Ross. - You first. - No, you. I want to apologise. I've been distracted of late. But there are things I've been wishing to say to you... And I you... About our finances. My shares in Wheal Leisure are the only thing of value we have. I've begun work on this new tunnel to try and improve our chances of the mine becoming more profitable, but still, our own coffers are almost bare. It doesn't need to be like that. You're head purser at the mine. Why won't you take a wage? I prefer to plough every last penny into the mine. We have, however, a more pressing concern. Last year, I asked Pascoe to find me a loan of 1,000 pounds. The interest, at 40%, is due this week. - 400 pounds? - Yes. How is half such a sum to be found? What's to be done? Ride to Truro, see if Pascoe's managed to get the loan extended for another year. In the meantime, the more I work in the mine, the better our chances of reaching Trevorgie. And the interest? Look about you. See what you can bear to part with. Then look again. Mistress Demelza! Have you come to steal my heart? No, sir. I've come to visit your cow. It wasn't easy, but I've secured agreement for your loan to be extended for another year at the same exorbitant rate, provided this year's interest is forthcoming tomorrow. - A mere pounds! - Quite so. She do look fair sick, Sir Hugh. What treatment has she had? Well, all manner of blisters, clysters, salves and poultices, all to no avail. But I've no doubt you'll offer better advice. I will. Start afresh with a better beast. How went the shareholders' meeting? Well enough, but for the appearance of a new shareholder. Tankard? The Warleggan proxy? You heard. Are they on a mission to own the company? No, sir. Just to own me. This cow you speak of - your Emma? Oh, she's our pride and joy, sir, so we could not let her go except at a goodly price. Well, not if the rumours be true. Your husband's financial difficulties. Of course, I'm always happy to help a friend, and I could be persuaded to pay the "Goodly price" if the terms were right. And what terms would you require? Oh, merely a kind of interest, payable here and here and here. - Sir Hugh, you forget yourself! - On the contrary... Judas, I think my dog has better manners! Sir Hugh, I believe you're wanted at the house. Urgently. Sir Hugh's a mite unruly sometimes. Should you decide to brave his company again, I will personally undertake to protect you from his enthusiasm. I'm much obliged, sir. I'm not overjoyed to think of Sir Hugh in possession of Emma. No, nor I, but you said she must be sold, and I've secured a buyer. So, what else must go? Well, not the oxen. Without them, we cannot plough. The pigs, the chickens. - The clock. - The carpet. The settle. At least one chair. - My brooch is worth £100. - That was a gift. But it may need to be sold in the end. I wonder what Garrick would fetch on the open market? One overgrown mongrel, carnivorous. - Crockery breaker. - Stealer of pies. Do you suppose there'd be any takers? May I fetch you anything from market, Uncle? - You're going in with Unwin, are you? - Good Lord, no! I'm in need of some sensible conversation. Well, then, Hicks must escort you. Caroline, - But... you cannot be roaming about the countryside unaccompanied. No, Uncle. But if I were to go, what could I bring you? Sugared almonds? Marzipan? You spoil your old uncle, don't you, eh? Dr Enys! What a lucky encounter. How are you, Miss Penvenen? I have a tingling in my throat. - Do you think it could be serious? - I very much doubt it. You seem otherwise in the peak of health. I hope it's not Morbus strangulatorius. If it were the putrid throat, you'd soon know it. Is that what Ross Poldark's daughter had? - He's not exactly blessed with luck, is he? - No. And that doesn't seem about to change. How humiliating it must be for him. Less for her, I suppose. I doubt either of them see it that way. Will you excuse me, ma'am? I have patients to see to. Mistress Poldark. Ross. How are you? No, you don't look at all well. Can it be the anxieties of the trial? Nor you, George. Could you have had some disappointment? None that I know of. Perhaps it is yet to come. Ross. - How did you manage it? - It was quite straightforward. We sold pretty much everything we own. See, a real horse is much better than a hobbyhorse, is it not? Why does Uncle George not visit us any more? Uncle George is not our friend. Is Uncle Ross our friend? In time. In time, I hope he will be. You're quite the favourite with Mrs Tabb these days. She cannot abide Dr Choake. I suspect she prefers the cheapness of my remedies. Or possibly their efficacy. Aunt Agatha, Dr Enys has agreed to take tea with us. You know how she loves to hear of the latest dread diseases. Is it my imagination or is Francis in better spirits these days? Scrofula, that's it. Great purple blotches, swellings of the neck. Since the trial, you would not know him. I cannot tell if it's because Ross was saved or if something happened while he was in Bodmin. He shared your room the night before the trial. Did you notice any strangeness in mood or behaviour? Not that I can recall. From something he said, I had the feeling... You may think me callous or hysterical, but I could almost believe that Francis had intended to kill himself. Did he? Whatever occurred, be glad of it. He came to town a broken man. He returned... Like that. Mr Paynter! Who, sir? Me, sir? Nay, not I, sir. You will recall the bargain we struck some time ago? Bargain? I never struck no such thing. I don't hold with 'em, does I? In exchange for testifying against Ross Poldark. Nay, p'raps I do recall something. Thinkin' it over, I wasn't meself in court. Maybe it slipped my mind. In which case, 'tis only fair to give 'ee back yer guineas. Ten, were it? - 15. - That is not what we have come for. - For what, then? This. You see much of Ross and Demelza? Why do you ask? I so wish our families could be reconciled, but Ross is determined to keep his distance. I wonder, might I ask you to speak to them on our behalf? What could I say? Francis is to give a supper when the harvest is in, to our tenants and friends. Would you ask Ross and Demelza to join us, to stay the night? You, too, are most welcome. I'll happily carry the invitation. I cannot guarantee how it will be received. Sorry it's not much. Ross, I've been wanting to speak of something, but haven't yet found the right moment. Surgeon's here. - Oh, Dwight! - Hope 'ee's eaten afore! Admiring our harvest? I hope to augment it with an invitation. From Trenwith. Obviously, we won't accept. Surely we can't forget that it's thanks to them that we lost Julia? Or that George is still their bosom friend? - Is he? - You'd have us overlook it? Have I said that? No, in truth, I'm in no haste to go to Trenwith. - Then we're in accord. - It do appear so. Dead! He's dead! He's dead! He's mortal dead! Who could have done such a thing? He had no enemies. He were the sweetest, kindliest, most peaceable cove a body could meet! And ne'er a cross word did pass his lips. And now I left a widow, all forlorn, without a penny in the world. Not e'en to bury the poor soul, God rest it! There is this. When we moved him, they fell out his pockets. Gold sov'reigns? Gold sov'reigns? Where'd he get such? Where indeed? Why, the mizzerly, mazzerly, stinkin' black worm! He had 'em about 'im and never tell'd me? - Reckon 'tis from the trade? - That's unlikely. I'll knock 'im sideways down Stippy-Stappy Lane! Then give him a rare good burying. Rum and vittles, hymns and viols, widow's weeds for poor ole Prudie. 'Tis a matter of looking respectable, 'tis. We must send the ole man off 50 ways. I've known him since I was a child. He was the most useless servant under the sun. But he taught me how to smoke a pipe and cheat at Loo. They left the money. - Yes? - Well, then it was no random attack. What, then? - Vengeance. - What for? You were in court. You heard his original statement. He was ready to testify against me. But then he did not. What if he was paid to speak against me - hence the 15 guineas - and then changed his mind? George has played us all. Would George wreck all that we have? The family, the business, now our servant? That seems to be his aim. Can we do nothing? It suits George to have myself and Francis at odds. Perhaps we should accept the invitation to Trenwith. Are you sure, Ross? Some things cannot be mended. But some can. - This is your doing? - You're not displeased? Far from it! Cousin! It's an unexpected pleasure. Thank you for bringing him. It means the world to Francis. You look well, Cousin. Demelza. Francis. Welcome. I 'ave 'un! I 'ave 'un! I 'ave 'un! What 'ave 'ee? What 'ave 'ee? What 'ave 'ee? A neck! A neck! A neck! Hurrah! Hurrah! Hurrah! Elizabeth. I was expecting a small, private gathering. Instead, I find myself ambushed by sans-culottes! Hardly, Mama! These are our tenants and friends. Trust me, a few crusts will not curry favour when they turn on you. Ask the Marquis de Launay, if you can find his head! You look radiant, mater-in-law! Are you quite well, Francis? Never better. Come then, friends! Shall we have some dancing? Yes, I think we shall! I ordered you to scare him, not assassinate him! - Tom got a little carried away. - This is disastrous. You think Poldark will know who's behind it? I wouldn't be surprised if he's outside my house right now! How do you like my new coat? I ordered my tailor to make it the double of Prinny's! You most definitely need one, George. Well, can we go to the Penvenen party? My intended will be impatient to see me. By all means. Caroline? Come in. Caroline, my dear, are you ready yet? - Our guests will be arriving soon. - I have such a pain. But Tom Choake was here just now. Did he not bleed you? Would you have me submit to his butchery? So, what do you propose? This is the last bottle of the '83. After that, we'll have to resort to cheap gin! Did you hear I quarrelled with George? No. What was the cause? Oh, well, these things tend to sink in slowly. At first, you barely notice, and then, one day, you wake up to the realisation that the man who's been your friend for years is a complete and utter blackguard. Well, I don't disagree. Indeed, I strongly believe he's behind the assault on Jud. What will you do? Till I can prove it...nothing. But when I do... - A letter for you, Doctor. - Thank you. Someone taken ill at Killewarren. Tell them to be ill at a more convenient time! It's a complaint of the throat. I must go. Elizabeth, where's my port? Lady Whitworth says that fashions in London and Bath are now verging on the indecent. - What exactly does that mean? - Bosoms! Acres of 'em, exposed like capons on a platter! You look pale, child. Are you unwell? No. No, that is, I believe I may be sickening for something. Get Elizabeth to mix you a rouge. Elizabeth goes out so seldom, she has no need of it. It's criminal that this should be the highlight of your social calendar, Elizabeth. I know I would be driven quite mad had I only farm hands and kitchen maids to converse with. If you'll beg my pardon, I must take a breath of air. Damn it! I'm partial to a Harvest supper! Gladdens the heart to enjoy the fruits of one's own labours. Remind me when you were last in your fields with a scythe, sir? Is Miss Penvenen not here? Nor her uncle. Most irregular. Invited to supper and not a sign of the hosts! Shall we hunt them down? Ah, McNeil! What news? Can we rest easy in our beds, knowing you've purged the district of violence? I lay claim to no such thing, sir. Only last night we had a murder on our doorstep. Surely not. Captain Poldark's manservant. Paul Daniel? Where 'ee be? Do 'ee go draw th' spigot o' th' next keg o' brandy? I've an urge t' address th' conflagration. Jud Paynter. 'E were a whited sepulchre. But now 'e's passed on to flowery fields and green meads. When Paul Daniel come back, we'll raise a toast an' send 'im on his way. - He's gone! - We know that, fool! From his slab! 'Tis empty! The corpse ain't there! - What is it? What is it? - 'Tis they body-stealers! They've robbed me o' my ole man! My niece has been ill for three days. Dr Choake attended her, of course. But she grows worse and she insisted on sending for you. - Did Dr Choake attempt a diagnosis? - Quinsy. - With or without fever? - Without. But she can hardly swallow. - Is it the putrid throat? - That, we will shortly ascertain. Will you open your mouth, please? Might a servant fetch me some warm water and salt? I'll see it done directly. I think I might be able to help you, but you must keep absolutely still. Can you do that? Adams or Wyatt? - For what? - Our house in London. Caroline will want the latest thing. She can well afford it. I wonder whether it shouldn't be Wyatt? His Pantheon in Oxford Street has pleasing dimensions. Perhaps you'd better secure the lady before you start spending her fortune. Mr Aukitt. Excuse me. Remind me, you still have shares in Wheal Leisure? Yes, I do. May I tell you a secret? Old Fred Pendarves? He was a mine captain at Grambler in my father's day. For a month now, I've had him prospecting over my land. To what end? - Ross, you know I'll never make a farmer. It's mining. Mining. It's what I keep coming back to. It's what he wanted for me. God knows, he'd be as surprised as me to think that any of what he taught me had sunk in, but that's the truth of it. I must start mining again. Don't let me deter you, but even a hole in the ground costs money. I have money. A few hundred put by. If things had gone badly at the trial, I would have given it to Demelza. Now, I'm minded to spend it on a final attempt to secure my own destiny. If only to spite George. I think the best revenge is to succeed in your own right, despite his interventions. Almost there. All done. Now, rinse your mouth with salt water. It'll get easier now. What did you do? When did you last eat fish, Miss Penvenen? Three days ago. You must be more careful in future. A fish bone. Can I do anything for Horace while I'm here? - Mr Aukitt? - Can you help? - What ails him? - A fatal gaming encounter. I doubt you can save him. The ladies have deserted us. Yes. Perhaps we bore them! Perhaps! I think I must go to bed. I find I'm less able to hold my liquor these days. No, no, no. Stay. Finish your drink. Thank you, Cousin. For what? I never thought to see you under my roof again. I never thought to be here. 'Tis the shame of it. To 'ave an 'usband and to not 'ave an 'usband. - I'll never live it down! - Sshh now. Then there's the burying. 'Ee can't have a burying without a body. No. - So, not only am I robbed of an 'usband, I'm robbed of the pleasure of seeing 'im planted in the ground. Miss Penvenen, I trust you are on the mend? I believe I am, sir. Ah, have I missed all the fun? You appear to have had some of your own. Must be the ride and the night air. Was it the putrid throat? Thankfully not. I did have to sedate William Aukitt, though. He was so agitated, he could barely speak. - What ailed him? - A fit of the Warleggans? He'd been talking to George and before he knew it, he'd signed away some shares, in a mining venture. He did not specify Wheal Leisure. Did George look happy? Yes. So 'ee was lying on the table. And I wakes up in me winding sheet wi' a terrible thirst. Dreamin' o' gin. So off I carts to Jake's kiddley for some ale. And what 'appens? Ther's all up an' screaming like stuck pigs. An' falling over each other to get out the door. So, in I goes, drinks me fill an' I come 'ome to Prudie. And what do I find? All fligged out in fancy widow's weeds! And folk feasting and drinking at my expense and nought left but a jug o' brandy and a winding sheet! Tedn' fit. Tedn' right. Tedn' fair. Tedn' proper! Truly, I say unto 'ee, a prophet is never honoured in 'is own land. Ross. - I thought everyone had retired. - I thought so too. Is Demelza about? I think she was feeling unwell and went up early. I thought I'd clear up. Oh, let me help you. I must thank you for coming. It was a good day. Heaven knows how we've paid for it, but Francis was insistent. The Poldarks have fallen low. You must be sorry you married into the family. Do you think I should answer that? Perhaps I should not have asked it. Francis tells me he has some money put by. I'm surprised he doesn't use it for this household. Oh, no. He's quite adamant. It's a special sum to be used for a special purpose. - Does George know he has it? - George gave it to him. Did he? In recompense for his gaming losses to Matthew Sanson. Do you believe that? Should I not? George is not known for his philanthropy. But Francis is changed. Yes. And you, I think. For the better? I wouldn't go that far! I remember a time you were already perfect. To me, I mean. That was long ago. And you've been more than happy since. - With Demelza. - And you've grown up. Not too much, I hope. Today, in the fields, you looked like a girl of 16. Your age when I first knew you. These past months have changed me. Has made me appreciate what I have, rather than what I lack. That's very wise. After all, there's no point thinking about what might have been. But you and I would never have been happy together. Our characters are too different. True. But cannot love overcome such obstacles? Surely, there's a greater impediment? You're a lady. You could never have played the scullery maid. - Perhaps I have hidden talents. - I don't dispute that. For somehow, you've managed to bring the light back to Francis' eyes. I cannot imagine how. Can you not? You should go to bed, Ross. Demelza will be thinking you've gone astray. Goodnight, then. You're awake? I thought you'd retired long ago. I went out. Out? Prudie came. Jud's alive. What? Or at least until Prudie do kill 'im again! Jud's alive? What happened? How? Oh, ask me tomorrow. I'm weary to the bone. Are you sure? I did see him with my own eyes. Elizabeth looked well tonight. She did. Her mother thinks were she not wed to Francis, she'd have half the aristocracy at her feet. But she is wed to Francis. And she seems content to be so. Do you remember our last visit here? At Christmas? When you first told me you loved me. And you told me you were with child. 'Twas different then. You were glad I was with child. We were in our first days of love. And you would never have looked twice at another woman. Demelza... What man does not occasionally look at another woman? Or woman occasionally look at another man? And what man or woman of sense does not have qualms about bringing a child into the world? Demelza? Yes, Ross. Yes, Ross. I know that you don't want it and I know it's just another burden to you, but there's no preventing it now, so all we can do is... How long have you known? Since the trial. Good God! And not to tell me. You said you didn't want another, not after Julia. Nor did I. Nor do I. The very thought of it, a child to grow into our hearts and then be lost to us again - could you bear it? I could not. But if a child is coming... ..That's different. A child is not a thought. It is flesh and blood. And if you can risk your heart again... I can. Then so can I. Are you suggesting we go into partnership? - Yes. Now you're under obligation to me. Is that where you prefer your men? Is that wise? Will Ross be happy? And who's to tell 'im where I got 'em? I've increased my shareholding in his mine, so I hope I won't have cause to inflict undue pressure on him. You think you can do as you please, while I always do as you bid me? Think again! - I told Mistress not to go, but... - Prudie! He even tried to stop her. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 