Poldark: Season 2, Episode 1 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Poldark 
 s2e1 - Episode #2.1 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Poldark (2015–…): Season 2, Episode 1 - Episode #2.1 - full transcript 
 Ross prepares for his trial as Demelza and Elizabeth try to help his cause. George does everything in his power to harm Ross, Francis wrestles with his conscience, and Dwight clashes with an entitled heiress, Caroline Penvenen. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 - I wish you to return. - It won't be for long. Ross Poldark is alive. My boy is to be married. - Who's it to be? - Elizabeth. - Elizabeth? What's your name? - Demelza Carne. - Ross Poldark. As stronger, rises... as the weaker falls. For all is fair in love and war. Copper! Copper's been struck! Francis staked the mine on a game on cards. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 He lost. To sneak away under our very noses and marry that drunkard. Perhaps it was wrong -- but I did it for love of Verity. Will you go?! Perhaps you prefer your guests to be ruined in silence. Go. Is it the putrid throat? I'll stay and look after you all. They both have it. The symptoms are unmistakable. You can pray to God I do not lose the love of my life. Forgive me, I cannot save her. Ross! I will no longer have my feelings misunderstood, or my intentions. Anyone plundering will be guilty of theft and committing 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 a capital offence. I'm certain we understand each other. Captain Poldark, I have orders to take you to Truro gaol. On what charge? Wrecking. Inciting a riot. Murder. Mr Poldark, it is alleged that you roused the neighbourhood and led a blood-thirsty mob down to the beach. - Incorrect. - Which part? They were not thirsty for blood. They were starving for food. Did you encourage the riot which broke out on the beach? - I did not consider it a riot. - Do you approve of plunder and lawlessness? Do you approve of whole families being without sufficient food to keep them alive? What part did you play in the death of Matthew Sanson? Regrettably, none whatsoever. Enough of this insolence. Ross Vennor Poldark, I am committing you for trial at the Bodmin Assizes. Bail will be set at £100 and may God have mercy upon you, for I most assuredly would not. (Julia.) Ross! They let you go, I knew they would. Did they dismiss all the charges? Not quite. I'm to be tried by Justice Lister at the Bodmin Assizes in five days' time. I must present myself at the gaol the night before. Oh, God. How has it come to this? George? This entire thing is a nonsense. I'll be back before you know I've gone. He should never have been charged. He's a gentleman and a Poldark! His own worst enemy. I would speak to him, but he avoids me. He avoids us all. Since they lost Julia. Well, something must be done or he will walk his head into a noose. Or that new contraption they have in France. If he's a sensible man, he will seek assistance... have words in the ears of those that matter. The Boscowens? St Aubyns? Warleggans? When their cousin died in the wreck? No, George is very likely behind the accusations. But he could exert influence if he chose? His reach extends everywhere. Why would George throw his might behind Ross? You're right. Why would he? There's a storm coming. Julia's afeared of thunder. I keep thinking that she's still here and if I just call her name... I'll be better, by and by. I tell myself that every day. And every day I fail. - We must think of the trial. - Oh, must we? Ross, 'tis no little thing. It is a proper trial, not just a magistrate. You must answer to judge and jury and if you're found guilty... They cannot hang me. - I've too much to do. - Truly, Ross. Truly, Demelza, I decline to be distracted by matters beyond my control. Give me leave to attend on something I can influence. Gentlemen! I leave for Bodmin in two days. What are we waiting for? And no doubt you aim to strike a new lode before you go? A couple, at least. So let's get down there. New lode? He'll be lucky. The old Trebartha lode's near petered out, but he won't have it. No more than he'll have this trial. To hear him, you'd think he was heading for Michaelmas Fayre. Dwight. He cannot just bury his head. And will you tell him? It's almost upon him, how will he defend himself? Who will speak for him? I will. But there must be others. And plenty of them. The Crown will already have assembled its case. And no doubt there'll be plenty who'll be glad to help it. - Can I rely on you, Tankard? - Of course. Always happy to be of service. Why is our attorney here? He's been assisting the Crown to strengthen its case. Theft, riot, attacking a customs officer. Is that not enough? I wanted murder. And I told you that charge would not stick. Cousin Matthew was dead before he washed ashore. Poldark merely found him. And left him lifeless on the strand. Which is not a crime. But it is a personal affront to this family! And one which I intend to make him regret. Prudence Paynter? My name's Tankard. Acting for the Crown in the case of Rex versus Poldark. What do you recall the night of the shipwreck? Shipwreck? See thee now, woman. When there's riot and robbery, like there was that night... The law says naught of those who follow if it can lay hold of those who lead. So 'tis best for all concerned that the right man should stand in the assizes. The right man? Ross Poldark? I never see'd sight nor sound of him. Elizabeth! Are you alone? I was about to return to Trenwith. Would you consider a small delay? Are you suggesting I intervene? The family would be so grateful. The family means little to me. You alone are the person I care to please. It distresses me to think of my cousin at risk of his life. It is I who would be indebted to you, George. How difficult would it be to have him come before a sympathetic judge? There are ways of encouraging such sympathy. But does Ross ask it of me? You know, you and Ross are more alike than you know. I have said so. I said it to him. I do not think he could fail to feel gratitude if he felt himself beholden, if he could see his benefactor in a new light. So you've made no arrangements. None whatsoever. Jeffrey Clymer, KC -- your defence. He'll meet you in Bodmin. Will he? Next, your finances. You are chief shareholder in Wheal Leisure. Other than that, you have no income. Your tenants regularly default on their rents. Your house is mortgaged and you have outstanding debts of £1,000 at interest of 40%. My wife will be sorry she wed me. Your wife deserves better. - Have you made a will? - Of course not. - I need a list of all your assets. - That shouldn't take long. "My dear Demelza. "I know that recent events have caused a breach between "our two families, but wonder if I could persuade you and Ross "to visit us at Trenwith tomorrow afternoon." Ah, Captain Poldark. Mr Trevaunance. How goes your campaign? Better than yours, I imagine. Who was that? No-one of any influence. Jud Paynter? Never heard of him. You were on Hendrawna Beach the night of the shipwreck. Was I? Perhaps this'll jog your memory. Ah, well, now. Get off home, you bladderwrackin' pifflin' piece of offal! Uncle Ray! Caroline, my dear! And Mr Trevaunance, our prospective member of parliament. I see you travel light, niece. - How long are you intending to stay? - That depends. If my little Horace and I get bored, we may be forced to return to London. No doubt you're much in demand there. An heiress is much in demand everywhere. An heiress is much in demand everywhere. - Especially one who is not yet of age. - Why so? It's assumed she'll do the bidding of her wealthy uncle and marry where he chooses. You confident, Unwin? Of winning his seat or my hand? Both, I trust! I hope we can come to terms soon, sir. I hope so, too. She runs rings round her old guardian. I'm sure a younger man would benefit from the exercise. Did I mention I saw Unwin Trevaunance, our would-be MP? And his intended, Ray Penvenen's niece. No doubt she's in town for the election in Bodmin. I've never been to Bodmin. Be grateful you're not going now. Why? The elections take place the same days as the assizes. The town will be seething. Will Elizabeth go? I shouldn't think so. She sent us a note. What could she want? The same as I. You did promise me after Julia died that we would all be reconciled. You still want that? With the trial nigh upon us, maybe I'll be glad of the friendship. Even though they cost us Julia? Nay, Ross, you cannot lay it all at their door. Why can I not? 'Tis why I'd wish to make peace despite all that we lost. Will it not mean that Julia didn't die in vain? It's good of you both to come. - Is Francis here? - Somewhere hereabouts. I wanted to speak with you first, to ask if some help might be given when you come to court. I hope you will take the gesture with the kindness in which it's intended. Gesture? George might know the judge who will hear your case... - How convenient... - and thought that perhaps he could be... Pointed in the right direction. For a price, no doubt? Not one that you would personally need to pay. But I see that I would. And it strikes me as more than my liberty's worth. Demelza, we're leaving. Ross? Elizabeth, what's the meaning of this? - I-I thought if there was something we could do to help Ross. - We? - We appreciate the thought. - But not the method. Ross! You'll excuse us, George. Of course. I thought it the least we could do for Demelza's sake. Demelza's? Of course. Could they seriously imagine I would stoop to beg favours from that upstart poodle? If I wished to prostitute myself, I'd sooner grovel to Ray Penvenen who's actually acquainted with Judge Lister! Is he? It really is the end for me and Francis. Where are you going? To the mine, where it's still possible to do an honest day's work. 'A known Jacobin and revolutionary, fomenter of unrest and affray, 'once escaped justice by taking the king's shilling, 'fathered numerous bastards, bedded and wedded his scullery maid 'upon whom he got his latest brat -- this creature being a notorious doxy 'from a family of murderers and thieves'. Our friend "Anonymous" has an engaging style. - How many copies? - Enough to paper all Truro and Bodmin? If he's found guilty, he could hang. If he hangs, he'll have only himself to blame. Mistress Poldark to see Mr Penvenen. Mistress Poldark? I don't believe I've had the pleasure. Forgive the intrusion, sir. I was taken queasy as I was out walking and yours was the first house I saw. Ah. 'Tis no use, Ross. The lode has petered out. We knew it a week ago. So we give up? We move on. There sits our old mine, lost in a game of cards to a Warleggan. Oh, Ross would never gamble away his most precious asset, would he? He's too wise and clever(!) Francis, what is done is done. Thank you for the refreshment, sir. I hope that you're not too downcast about your husband's coming trial? Truly, I fear the worst. If only one knew who the judge would be. Oh, that's no secret, ma'am. 'Tis Justice Wentworth Lister. - Oh? Are you acquainted with him? - Oh, We know each other. He'll be supporting Unwin Trevaunance at the election tomorrow night. A stern fellow, though generally accounted fair. It'd puzzle me exceedingly how a judge can be expected to listen to a case and get to the bottom of it all in a few of hours. Does he never ask for the truth in private before the trial begins? Perhaps he should! - Will you be in Bodmin for the assizes? - For the election, yes. Well, I hope we may meet again, sir. - Who was that, Uncle? - Ross Poldark's wife. - What did she want? - She didn't appear to WANT anything. I doubt that, sir. She looks like a dangerous woman to me. Ross. Well, this is well met. May I walk with you awhile? I'm pressed for time. The encounter yesterday, that was not my doing. Still, I'd hoped we could put past quarrels behind us. I had hoped so too, but I find now I cannot. Ross, if something goes amiss in court, how is Demelza fixed? How is that your concern? If your sentence is prison, or worse, well, she would be entirely alone with no source of income. - Whereas you yourself are swimming in guineas(?) - No, no, no, I've a little put by. Why would you offer it? I don't forget what we owe Demelza. Mr Warleggan, ma'am. Elizabeth, you look ravishing today. And you too, of course, ma'am. I do not. And nor, may I say, do you. Quite pasty-faced. Consequence of sitting too long indoors, fingering coin. I've brought a small gift for my godson. Oh, that's kind of you, George. Papa! Look, my very own horse! Uncle George bought it for me. Did he? - George. - Here again? I hope you're taking care of our guest, Elizabeth. I saw my cousin just now. He was not eager to exchange pleasantries. No doubt he's thinking of the trial. Do you think he'll be acquitted? I don't see how he can be. So many witnesses to his activities that night. And the fact that he's treated the law with contempt on previous occasions. And the court will not be left in ignorance. As I came past Sawle, a villager showed me this pretty paper. 'The true and sensational life of Captain RP. 'Adventurer, seducer, wrecker, and suspected murderer?' Yes, I've seen them about. They're not important. Except to Ross. But if this is believed, it will prejudice the jury. Pay it no heed, Elizabeth. These scurrilous sheets are always defaming one person or another. But this author has gone to some trouble and expense. You wouldn't happen to know him, would you, George? I imagine he must be desperate to earn his money in such a manner. Only a bankrupt would sell his services that way. ♪ They had no tail nor bill ♪ They had no tail nor... bill. ♪ Jud Paynter. 'Tis said that you and your good wife were once servants of Captain Poldark? An' his father afore 'im. And that, after working faithfully all those years, you were turned out without a word. Monstry ingratitude! So you understand that your duty under the law is to report what you saw the night of the wreck. We know you took part in the riot and pillaging. We know you played a part in resisting officers of the Crown. I never 'eard such louch. But we're willing to overlook all that if you will turn King's evidence. You owe him no loyalty. It's common sense to testify against him. We'll make it worth your while. I have no idea what to say in your defence and you leave for Bodmin tomorrow. I was not on the beach, so I cannot refute the charges, but, from what I hear, they are not easily dismissed. Salvaging spoils from a wreck? No jury in Cornwall would convict me of that. - Attacking a customs official? - Not guilty. - You doubt me? - We both know you are capable of it. Your situation is not good, Ross. I've seen worse. - We've seen worse. - On the battlefields of Virginia? - And I salute you for saving my face. - Saving your neck may not be so easy. I'll ask Demelza not to come to Bodmin tomorrow. So you and I will ride together? Perhaps, as we go, some brilliant defence will occur to me. Who's this fine lady and what has she done with my wife? Judas! There she is. For a moment I thought I'd lost her(!) Why? Cos she's prink'd up to the nines an' her fizzog powdered? Clearly I needn't worry about you when I'm gone. You'll be a line of suitors from here to Penzance. So I should hope. May I join you awhile? Perhaps another night. Goodnight, Francis. Goodnight. So you leave me abed like the Queen o' Sheba while you see to all the chores? Is it not my duty to cherish my wife while I'm here and to provide firewood for when I'm not? I wish we could stay like this forever. I wish so, too. I'm only glad for your sake you're not seeing me in court. No, Ross. You WILL stay here? Yes, Ross, if that's what you wish. Elizabeth? I'm leaving for Bodmin. Shall I not come with you? A court is no place for a lady. It's a terrible thought, is it not, a world without Ross? - I wonder how Demelza would bear it. - How would any of us bear it? For which of us does not secretly adore him? How different might our lives have been... Had Ross not returned from the war? Had he never gone away in the first place? Goodbye, my dear. God bless you. Francis? - No. - Hey. You'll come home again? I promise. Ross! You spoil him. How else could I persuade him to come to Bodmin with me? Indeed he wonders why either of us must go at all. You tell him it is because tonight is election night and, as Unwin's intended, you are expected to be at his side. Horace and I will spend an agreeable evening in our lodgings - eating jellies. - Caroline! - What? You'd prefer I caught a cold in some draughty assembly rooms watching dreary men voting? I may venture out later if Horace can spare me. Bodmin, Horace, I bet nothing of moment ever happens there. Your room, sir. - Beg pardon, sir, be you a surgeon or suchlike? - I am. There's someone took mortal sick at Priory House. I'll go at once. Verity! - I've saved you a place, my dear. - Oh, thank you. You did tell Ross you're coming? Of course not. Jeffrey Clymer, King's Counsel. I'm here to see if we can wriggle you off the hook. Theft. Inciting a riot. Attacking a customs officer. Impressive. - I'm a physician, ma'am. May I be of service? - I hope so. My darling little Horace has had two fits and now he's barely breathing. Will you attend on him, please? Your dog? Your footman made a mistake. It would be a farrier you sent him for. It is not my custom to employ a horse doctor for Horace. I want the best advice and I'm willing to pay for it. What is your fee? But perhaps you do not know your trade well enough? Perhaps you should leave. We'll call someone else. That was what I was about to suggest. Wait. Have you never had a dog of your own? Yes. Would you let him die on a point of formality? - How old is he? - 12 months. Fits are not uncommon at that age. An aunt of mine had a spaniel. His pulse is steady and there's no sign of fever. Nevertheless I'd advise a lowering system of treatment. No more sweetmeats. Plenty of running and jumping. Dogs do not need to be carried. Have a druggist make up this paregoric of black cherry water and Theban opium. Thank you. You were saying? About your aunt's spaniel? Oh, yes, he used to have fits when she played the spinet. One hesitates to say whether he was musical or the reverse. What is your name? Following to your arrest, your statement to the examining magistrate was unhelpful. I answered truthfully. Is that not what the law requires? A common misconception is that truth is the same as innocence. It is not. My job is to position the truth so that you don't pay for it with your life. I see. So now we're politicians, positioning the facts to suit our own ends? And the people on the beach that day? Shall we pretend that they were not desperate? Should we explain that starvation and poverty are also relative? Let me be clear? Anything other than absolute contrition would be sheer folly. So my task is to grovel? Play the game by bending the rules? Excellent(!) Thank you. Oh, this town is a-boiling. I'd forgot it was election week. Yes, I lately met one of the candidates. A friend of our neighbour, Penvenen. Indeed, later I must go out on an errand. - With the streets full of drunkards? - 'Tis for Ross I must do it. - When are the votes to be counted? - Not until this evening, sir. Have you seen this? It's being an assassination of Ross Poldark's character. How unfortunate. - Not a single room? - I am sorry sir, we're full. - In the entire inn? - I am afraid not, sir. Enys! Are you here for the trial? - I am indeed. - And you? - Er, yes, I thought I'd look in. Look, erm, do you know where I can find a room for the night? This place is full and the town is fermenting with people. You may be unlucky. I trust your sister had the foresight to reserve her room at The Crown. - Verity's here? - I saw her go in just now with Demelza. Is your wife with you? Um, Elizabeth prefers to remain at Trenwith. If, erm, you should be without a place to sleep tonight, I'm at the London Inn, beside the church. You may be held to that. Terrible. A man of his standing and that young wife of his. Francis, are you joining us? Will I not be interrupting your council of war? Against whom? My cousin? As declared in your recent literary effort? Excuse me. 'Tis a piece of fiction entirely worthy of you! Tell me, what could induce you to throw your weight behind Ross instead of against him? The very same question your wife asked me. Naturally I could not now consider it. Ross has offered me insolence once too often. In that case, may I offer you some advice? By all means. You may flaunt your guineas on lavish garments and fancy carriages. You may purchase a coat of arms and deck out your servants in gaudy livery. You may even buy your way into every club, mine and drawing room in the county. But what you will never buy is nobility or breeding or even common decency! Are you quite sure you don't wish to apologise, Francis, given the nature of our association? You own me. I acknowledge that. My indebtedness to you has long muddied the waters between us so I trust that any confusion about my feelings is now entirely cleared up? I'll visit you in jail with a list of the witnesses who are to appear against you. And those for me? A shorter list. Friends' and workers' testimony, presumed biased, will easily be dismissed. Meanwhile, I advise you to reconsider your attitude. It's no detriment to me if you choose to run your neck into a noose. But I suspect it might be to yours. Mr Warleggan! I see that Unwin speaks the truth. He cannot stir an inch without you. He says the same of you. Of course! We're both indispensable to his ascent in the world. - I, as a hunting trophy... - Caroline... - and you as... How to describe you? Benefactor? Sponsor? Paymaster? I'm most certainly lending my support to his campaign. Shall we go out and wave to the crowd? And I am lending mine to his arm. I wonder which of us stands to gain the most? Are you sure Ross meant you to go out alone? You're a lady after all. I was brought up a miner's daughter. An' there's naught that a few drunkards could do that I couldn't give 'em back! I am the voice, crying in the wilderness. Make you ready the ways of the Lord for the Kingdom of God is at hand! Judas! Father? So, now he be cast into the pit, daughter? Thy child is buried. Thy 'usband's to 'ang. - See now the wages of sin! - I know of no sin. Turn again now, daughter. Come 'ome an' live a pure life. Thank you, Father. I appreciate the offer but I hope 'twill not be needed. Vengeance is mine, saith the Lord, for the day of calamity is at hand! What have you forgot, Demelza? - Oh. - Have you brandy or rum? There's port. Demelza's tipple. Well, Sister... .. how does it feel to be married to a drunken brute? - Francis, I hope... - What, that I'd come to make peace? With my sister, perhaps, but not with the Mistress Blamey. We're happy, Francis. And I hope the day will come when you'll be glad for me and allow me home to Trenwith. As soon as you like. As soon as you like... without him. Oh, do I disappoint you? Well, I disappoint most people. Father, Elizabeth, myself! Why is it I amount to precisely nothing... .. whereas Ross, Ross is considered such a threat that men will spend a fortune in order to get him hanged? - And yet I envy him. - You cannot. If I were going to meet my judges, I would give them a piece of my mind! Francis Poldark, Esquire, of Trenwith! It wouldn't be the first time today. I met a man handing out pamphlets defaming Ross in the grossest manner and I happen to know the author so I went and paid him a visit. And left him in no doubt as to my opinion. George. Was that wise when he owns the very roof over your head? Oh, no doubt he's planning this moment how to punish me. But he may be defrauded. Do not lose heart, Francis. Tomorrow's a new day. A new day. And it may never come. I wonder if I shouldn't go to Bodmin? To what purpose? To be with Francis. And his cousin? Ross has Demelza. Hmm. Be advised, sir. The woman approaching is a harlot and must on no account be admitted. Excuse me, sirs. Entry to the assembly rooms is for voters only. I've come to see Mr Penvenen. He did particularly ask for me. I bet he did. You can't come in. I beg you to let me through. 'Tis all the reason I've come to Bodmin. My husband's life depends on it! Move along now. Move along now! Are you sure Dr Enys was agreeable to ye sharin' his chamber? 'Tis a small chamber, sir, and but a single bed. I shall not be needing a bed. Oh, my dear, I was so worried. The crowds in the square. What is it? Did all go well? Not exactly. I'm in no mood for visitors. Sounds ominous. I hope I'm not disturbing you. I was writing to my wife. I've not come to fight, Ross, but to confess. Confess myself disarmed. Impressed. Of course you might have guessed Elizabeth would ask me to intervene, but would you guess that Francis did, too? That Ray Penvenen tried to fight your corner? Alfred Barbery? Lord Devoran? How do you inspire such loyalty? It impresses me. I see its value. I could use it. I could do what they ask me to do -- remove the hostile witnesses, drop a word in the ear of the prosecution. I could even take the stand and give you a character reference. How would that sway the jury? The very man, whose cousin perished? What do you say, Ross? Will you meet me halfway? Will you take the hand of friendship? Forgive me. Are you truly so deluded? Do you think I would ever shake your hand? No. No, not for a single moment, but when you go to the gallows I'll be able to say, hand on heart, to Elizabeth, I offered Ross Poldark my help and he turned me down. So thank you for being every bit as predictable as I hoped you'd be. And thank you... .. for reminding me what can and can not be bought. My dear, where are you going? I have one last thing I must try. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 