Mind Your Language: Season 2, Episode 6 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Mind Your Language 
 s2e6 - A Hard Day's Night - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Mind Your Language (1977–1986): Season 2, Episode 6 - A Hard Day's Night - full transcript 
 When his apartment has to be painted, Mr. Brown needs a peaceful place to stay for the night. Giovanni and Max volunteer their flat, and decide to host a party for the class in honor of the... 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Taro and Su Lee if you wish to argue at least argue in English Asso Comunism making people slavery You are typical stupid capitalist you and other imperial agresses you will be overgrown when revolution comes. - Making people slavery - You are a stupid capitalist Come on, Taro and Su Lee it is time you both learn to live together in peaceful coexistence China always prepared to live peacefully Well let's start peace in classroom, shall we? We In future no more ideological arguments 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Are you welling to make truce taro Yes I apologize Bonsoir Hey what is happening? Taro and Su Lee have decided to live together in harmony Is that like you begin sin? No Danielle we are making truco A trousseau you are getting married When is the happy day Not trousseau, truco Taro and sully have decided to have no more political arguments Oh d'accord Meanwhile tell me Danielle did you do anything exciting over the weekend 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 - No, did you? - No What a pity You were alone not being excited, I was alone not being excited Together we could have both been very excited Yes sure we could Good evening Mr. Brown O Ali what have you been doing with yourself over the weekend Oh blame me Saturday I went to the palace of Buckingham to see her majesty the queen, but she was not in Then I am going to Drowning Street to see the Prime Minister Mr. Callagas - Callahan - Yes please he was also not in Then I am going to see the Nurcils boom I hope he was in - Oh no I did not see him either - Come on sit down - Buenas noches - ah Juan - s? se?or - a got a bone to speak with you - chicken bone - no a bone of contention I've never had that before. Last week asked you to write how a verb is word that denote an accent state 20 times I write it hombre, look, here it is a verb is a word that denote an accent of state twenty times yea, you are right I sometimes wonder if you are as quiet as stupid as you look - Por favor - Never mind Good evening Good night - No good night, good evening - Good evening she teaches me plenty much Did you have a nice weekend Anna - Yeah, I enjoyed myself with the fairies - Fairy? It is part of your garden - No it is on the rivers thems - Oh Fairies - Yes fairies - Good evening Good evening master Went shopping randgi We have been in the funny park I am wining gift on the shooting rifles for only twenty p. You must be hitting the bulls eye Oh no I hit the honor man And they gave me prizes to go away And there we had ice cream and doughnut and lemonade, and hotty dogs - Then we went up and down on the top - Ho I wonder if you are not violently sick - We were - Twice - Each While i'm walking the register to Miss Cortny, would you turn to the page twenty seven please, yes sentence construction again - Enter - I brought your tea - Thank you - Are you alright Would you like two tickets for the lady circus supper dance Oh I wouldn't mind I like dancing - 5 dollars each - No, sorry Yeah as member I am suppose to sell six tickets Oh I am sure you will get red of them - Not a that price - It is far too expensive for a supper dance Well, I suppose they're put on a good spread Oh yeh last year I managed to get two soft rose Who else do you know fool enough to buy sausage roses for 2 past 50 a time Ah, Mr. Brown come in we just talking about you - Everything in ok gladys - Yes alright Miss Cortny Good luck - What does she mean with good luck - Nothing too, now Mr. Brown do sit down - I just walked the register book - Well thank you very much, - but there is no need to rush away Sit down - Yeah but my students will be waiting I am sure they won't miss you for a few momments Would care joining me for a cup of tea - Yes thank you - gladys and I were just talking about you, We were saying how lonely your life must be I told her you live alone, With nothing to do in evening I mean for example what do you do after class - Well nothing particular - Good - Would you like to go to dance - Oh yeah With you? I am afraid not Mr. Brown But don't be disappointed I shall be there But I already have my own escort Now the ladies circuses are holding their anual supper dance I happen to have two spare tickets And of course I have immediately thought of you You do dance - Well a little but I am no jean kelly - That's splendid, that settled - Thank you it is very good to think about me - Not at all dear boy - Just give me the money later - Yes all right, money For the tickets, five pounds each Five... You didn't say tomorrow night did you - Yes - Oh dear what a pity - What pity Mr Brown I have to go to the laundry To wash my shirt - How unfortunate - any other night but tomorrow wouldn't be fine But of course you do not have to go to the laundry - Oh yes I do I do - What you mean we better forget about it Yes I am not the sort of person to make a pressure on anyone Oh no am sure you are not Neither forcing anyone to do anything they don't want to Very true By the way, as we are having lunch next week with the Area Education Officer I expect you want to get on Really The right work could lead to a full time job - Oh that would be marvellous - Yes, pity about the tickets - ten pounds you said - You changed your mind How nice Sorry, right now pay attention tonight, we are going to play a little game Prontruth - Not a card game max - Yeah I know good game, Postman snookers Not this sort of game either Giovanni This is a verbal exercise help you to improve your English And test your imagination Blame me Ranjeet is not having a chance What you are going to do is to try to tell a continuing story Lets say we could for example start with once upon a time There was a man called Arthur and he was a bus driver the next person will add something more about Arthur, and so on soon we are going to start it, we start with you juan I don't know this man Arthur Arthur is fictitious, But you say he is a bus driver - It is a make believe, I make him up - Imaginario I want you to make up the story using all your imagination I understand, once upon a times, there was a man called nickelus - It is not quite right - No Once upon a time, there was a woman called nickleus It is pronounced Nicholas, It's alright, once upon a time there was a man called Nicholas - He was a poster man - Postman - No no no - Poster man Juan a man who delivers letters is called a postman A man who sticks poster is called poster man Ah bill sticker No no, his name Nicholas - Fine, fine juan - Alright Right your turn Ingred tell us more about Nicholas Who is sticking up posters, One man he is on the ladder look the widow - What is the widow doing up his the ladder - When he opened the door he sees 4 widows One down the widow and the fridge widow, - You mean windows - Oh sorry the man is a husband Good, good right Your turn Hauter - Please continue the story - Bulchana We are making of a story, Understand story Story Oh I know very good story About Aladdin and his wonder limpe - This is another story about Nicholas - Ah merry Christmas, - What - Santa Nicholas comes every year Oh yes this is another Nicholas, not the same Nickolas and he is on the ladder Ladder yes That's when he sees trough the windows a burglar, rubber Use your imagination, and tell us what happens next He sends for ambulance - Why does he send for an ambulance - He falls of ladder - Good imagination no, - Yes Thank you, all right anna let see what you can do with this story The burglar see the ambulance thinks it is the police So he climbed back out of the window, up the fire scale onto the roofs Very Good Max carry on There is no way out He cant go up, he cant go down The only way he can go is across It is a big across, so he get ready He runs he jumps, And he misses it But it is going to be a very short story Ah no now it is my turn He doesn't kill him self because he jumps on two big lorry full of how do you say the cut grass - The cut grass - Hey You are not hearing very well You are not understanding very well The cut grass is called hay No Hoow, Hay - So the hay is saving his life - Good well done Danielle Right giovani your turn Not the cuppers are coming The burglar panics then he sees a church So he goes and nockers on the door A priest he hears this knockering so he come along and open the door The burglar he saying father I am in a big trouble, So the priest say come in to the church my son And I will give you sanctuary Ok says the burglar and the sanctuery much Good genius, carry on randgi Meanwhile the man on his ladder, he is telling the police That he is not a poster sticker upper man But a secret agent, and the burglar man is being a Russian spy Oh that is end up with good imagination - Taro - Asso Russian spy knocko priesto on heado, and chango clotho to escapo The plot thickens right Jamilah But the priest is been recovered and crawl to ring the church bell Russian finally see him and tong shout at him As priest is falling he is pull the bell rope Ting tong Very good Ali Yes please. The agent is thinking hello, hello that is very strange hearing bells When it's not church-going time. So he's going into the church and finding the Russian spy up the belfry Come down with your hands stuck up, you are caught, you dirty Russian rat, Oh good, well sully I don't suppose that you can add too much to all of that Oh yes I can Very dignit Russian agent master of karate overpowers British agent Run outside where helicopter waiting to take him to safety, flies of the running glass very good, it is not exactly the story of MacLean but well done everyone excuse me Mr. Brown the party suit for tonight, is black tie - oh dear what a pity - yes Mr. Brown - oh never mind - Good - you are dancing going - Yes - with Miss Cortny - no. No she sold me the tickets you have more then one ticket - two - then you must some one else take yes, it seems a very logical assumption I like very much dancing And me like dancing I would love to be with you on the floor I am no can dance but I am very happy if you can teach me master What about you sully Aren't you eligible for the other ticket too Not me, western dancing decadent art form not worthy of consideration by Chinese Republic Yeah now it depend on Anna Danielle and Ingrid Excuse please why not taking me? I can't dance with you Ali On no I am thinking you could be picking a couple of nice Pieces of skirt, it is a good chance Well Ali I think it is the lady circle, I think the tickets are sold It is a narrow place it cant be further But, Not to me, because I like to dance in the old fashion way And blenda winto my blackoto Oh blame me How can we see a black bottom when she is white It is a dance Ali Jelly good How about you anna do you wanna go to the old time Germans are good in everything but especially In military two step Oh please take me to dance He much prefer to take me Do not you Mr. Brown Mr. Brown must decide for himself There is nothing to decide Anna Actually I think you should decide amongst yourselves Other wise it might result as I am guilty in favoritism Now it is almost tea time, so I suggest you go up to the cantina And decide amongst yourself which one of you girls is coming To the party with me tomorrow All right Hey are not you going up for coffee No I cant Ahh Just a minute gladys Yes How is your old time gladys Oh you mean my old man, he is shocking No, old time dancing Oh so she let you buy a ticket then Black mail more be the right word Are you good in the old time I should say so, I was noted for the Mallita Really, in that case you are just the woman I need Oh that is nice Yeah I am afraid my past sound not quite what it should be Well I might not no the technical words, but I can show you the steps, now yes you got to be alright tomorrow night don't you well look, you owe my hand, and I LA. La. La ready - yes - 0go to the left la la la la back lalallallala to this way back lalalallal right sorry Miss Cortny, we were practicing the Mallita well I think you should find out how you do it - I'll have another cup of tea - Certainly Miss Cortney - Who're you taking to the dance? - I haven't exactly decided yet - I don't believe it - It's true, he's taking me to the dance He just asked me Right to your place Let's ask Mr. Brown Perhaps he has a mother complex - what are you talking about - Your choice of partner to the dance Well, I haven't chosen a partner for the dance We did, Anna is the winner Untill Gladys told us that you've asked her - I haven't asked Galdys - That's what she's telling everybody Rediculous, there's obviously some missunderstanding And I'm definitely taking you to the dance tomorrow tonight Don't worry, I'll sort it out with Gladys, i'll have a word with her Gladys, just the person I want yes Mr. Brown? It's about the dance tomorrow night I know what are you going to say - You do? - Yes, not to worry, he wont mind - Who won't mind? - My old man, he's not a big jealous I've got something to say to you Yes, and I've got something to say to you I'll come streight to the point This is the most wonderfull thing that's happened to me In 40 years and I shall never forget tomorrow night as long as I live I'm sorry what were you saying? Nothing, it doesn't matter So your're takig Gladys then? I don't know what I'm doing. It's hard to tell her, at the moment I'm taking Gladys and anna Ahh Mr. Brown have you decided yet who're you taking to the dance tomorrow night? - Not exactly - That's good Because Dr Wilson just telephoned and he's unable to come I'm sorry, I don't undestand He was supposed to be my partner, now you have the honour Congratulations my son, you've just got your hat trick Blime! Lilian guish - You like sid? - Very seductive I borrowed it from Danielle - Good evening Sydney - How do you do? Do get up When Mr. Brow arrives, I wish to see him I'll tell him You look like A dogs Dinner They're all in. The three of them, they arrived I would like to be in your shoes when they find out With a bit of luck they won't find out - What's all this? - You'll see Enter - Mr. Brown whatever have you done? - Nothing, a slight accident, compound fracture You cant possibly go to the dance like that? I couldn't let you down, no, I insist Consider it - Well if you feel like that - Most certainely I do That's very kind of you - She didn't fall for it, did she? - Absolutely Mr. Brown - Compond fracture, I think you said - yes It seems like a movable fracture to me Pardon? A moment ago it was in the other leg How do... whats the matter? Why are you dressed like that Mrs. Schmidt? - Mr. Brown is taking me to the dance - No, He's not, He's taking me Mr. Brown? Calm down everybody, there's a perfect simple solution Which will keep everybody's honour Satisfied - Thank you very much Anna - You're welcome And now take your partners for the Galy Garden Tha's my Dance Mr. Brown When you Comes to the Valito, it's mine Come along Mr. Brown and Smile 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 