Captain Planet and the Planeteers: Season 1, Episode 20 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Captain Planet and the Planeteers 
 s1e20 - The Ultimate Pollution - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Captain Planet and the Planeteers (1990–1996): Season 1, Episode 20 - The Ultimate Pollution - full transcript 
 Two Middle Eastern village leaders have declared war on one another, despite their sons' friendship and pleas for peace, when an arms-dealer claims that each will attack the other and sells them weapons. The Planeteers, like the children, are aware of the needlessness of the fighting, and the loss of life, destruction of the land, and suffering for both peoples it will ultimately bring. But they learn that Looten Plunder is the one selling weapons, and suddenly not only have to convince the chiefs to end combat, but also have to make sure Plunder doesn't stop them getting their message out first. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Our world is in peril. Gaia, the spirit of the Earth, can no longer stand  the terrible destruction plaguing our planet. She sends five magic rings  to five special young people -- Kwame from Africa,  with the power of Earth. [ Sirens wailing ] From North America -- Wheeler,  with the power of fire. ** From the Soviet Union -- Linka,  with the power of wind. From Asia -- Gi,  with the power of water. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 ** And from South America --  Ma-Ti, with the power of heart. When the five powers combine, they summon  Earth's greatest champion -- Captain Planet! All: Go, Planet! Captain Planet: The power is yours! Ugh! I tried to bring food for you, but there is none. My village, too, is out of food. Both our villages will starve if this war keeps going. Take cover, Khalil! It's okay, Khalil. The shooting will be over soon. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 I want it over now! Wheeler: Whoa! It's getting pretty hot down there. Gaia: We must stop it before it gets worse. How can we stop a war, Gaia? By stopping those responsible. Linka: Bozhe moi! Those men are selling weapons! Gaia: To both sides. They've tricked the villagers into hating one another. Ma-Ti: I cannot look at this. It hurts too much to see such suffering. I know, but only when people realize the consequences of war, Ma-Ti, will they find the wisdom to stop it. There is no time to waste, Planeteers. See what you have done to my village? You will pay for this, Yusef. You started this war, Abu. You attacked my village first. Abu: Me? Why, you lying... You were planning to attack me! Khalil: Papa! Papa, please! Please stop this! Come, Efermi, I told you not to play with Khalil. He is our enemy. He is worthless. I will show you who is worthless! Run, Efermi! Run for your life! Kwame: We are the Planeteers. Please stop before someone gets hurt! Efermi: Aah! Earth! You saved our lives. Thank you. You could best thank us by stopping this war. I cannot. Come to my village and see what our enemy has done. Then you will understand. Let's hurry while that tank is still topsy-turvy. Papa! These people are right. You must stop this fighting. You are only a child, Efermi. You do not understand. Stupid tank! It cost me a fortune, and it doesn't even work right! Aah! Father, are you all right? I will be, just as soon as I buy a better tank. We think you should listen to your son. There is no reason for this war. There is a reason. Yusef's people attacked us without warning. I don't know what we would have done if our friendly arms dealer had not arrived. He is no friend! How can you say that? He sold us guns to protect ourselves from Yusef's attacks. Exactly. He wants your money in his pockets. Efermi: Baladi! Baladi! Oh, Baladi, you are safe! With his hard work, Baladi, our bullock, provides the entire village with water. At least we have water. Because of the war, we have no money to buy food. What? You spend all your money on weapons? There is none left over for food? Please, my young friends. I am chief of this village. I will decide what is best for my people. We need more valuables  to trade for weapons! Everyone must contribute. A necklace --  that will buy many bullets. Thank you, Edam. No, Sahad, we don't need  your goat just yet. Ah! [ Goat bleats ] Now, you see -- My people will do anything to protect themselves from Yusef's cowardly attacks. [ Boom ] What is that? That, my friends, is the great man who is helping us defeat our enemy. Man: There's nothing like using clay pigeons to trap myself some live ones. [ Crowd shouting happily ] Woman: There he is! [ Woman sighs ] Looten Plunder!  He's the arms merchant! He and Bleak have deceived these people. We will never convince them to stop this war. We're not beaten yet. Come on! Greetings, helpful sir. Abu, my fine feathered friend. What do you have for me today? Well, there's nothing here but a few jewels and coins. Please, Mr. Plunder. It is all we have left. What about those old statues? Our sacred carvings? We could never sell those. I understand your enemy Yusef has bought new supertanks. Unless you buy some, too, your village will be reduced to rubble. But we have given you everything we have. We have nothing left. Gi: Hey, Plunder, why don't you tell them where the other village got its tanks? Who said that? I did. Planeteers? I'll teach you to meddle with commerce. Spies! Spies! Those people are spies from Yusef's village. Get them! [ Crowd shouting ] Abu: Stop! These young people saved my son from Yusef's tank. They are friends. I will not let you harm them. Linka: Gi, Ma-Ti, what happened? Gi: Looten Plunder is here, selling arms. Plunder? That double-dealing money monger! Let's grab him! Too late! There he goes! I sense that he will be back. Linka: It is good Gaia told us to bring food. Wheeler: Yeah, these guys are starving. Abu: You have not only saved my life, you have saved my people. If you ended the war, you could grow your own food again. Now we must take supplies to the other village. What? You would help our enemy?! They're hungry, too. Besides, we're going to ask Yusef to stop the war. Why would he stop it? He started it! When will you realize that Looten Plunder started it? Perhaps Mr. Plunder was right. Perhaps you are spies. Uh, come on, guys. Let's split while we still can. Efermi: Wait! Planeteers, wait! Please, give half of my food to my friend Khalil at the other village. I wish he was the village chief instead of his father. Looks peaceful enough. Something moved behind that bush. Whoever you are, come out. We will not hurt you. I saw you with Efermi today. I am Khalil. Khalil. Well, Khalil. I have a gift for you from Efermi. When you see my friend, give him my thanks. Now go tell your father we have brought food and medicine. I hope Khalil's father will help stop this war. Bleak: This is the ultimate tank! The weapon that will let you crush your enemies. Wheeler: It's Argos Bleak! Come on. Let's get closer. Kwame: Oh, no! Heh heh heh! You walked right into Mr. Plunder's brat trap! Made specially for you Planet Brats! It's soundproof so that your voices can't be heard. Planeteers, let our powers combine. Earth! Fire! Wind! Water! Heart! Don't bother wasting your energy. Our trap is lined with toxic plastic so you can't call your pal Captain Planet! And with our "planet problem" out of the way, Mr. Plunder can stir up wars all over the world. Heh heh heh heh! There must be some way out. I say we melt our way. Fire! No, Wheeler! You will turn this trap into an oven! But I can try. Wind! Aaah! Talk about a hot, sticky situation. If we don't get out of here soon, we're going to roast. Looten Plunder will spread war and hate all over the world, and there's nothing we can do to stop him. Plunder: Yusef, this tank is you! Take it for a test drive. Yusef: It must cost a lot of money. But look what it comes with. 4 land-to-air missiles... 200 rounds of 50-millimeter armor-piercing shells. Bleak: A heavy-duty flame cannon. And if you buy today, I'll throw in power windows, power brakes, and AM-FM combat stereo with cassette. We cannot afford to buy it. With my low monthly payments, you can't afford  not to buy it. You want to protect your village, don't you? Yes, I do, but-- Abu's village has 3 of these tanks. 3? And I hear he's going to be attacking soon. I can't help you if you aren't prepared to defend yourself. I will raise the money somehow. You're my kind of man, Yusef. Someday they'll name a war after me. [ Sighs ] Well, Bleak, counting the tanks I sold Abu this morning, that was my biggest sale yet. What do we sell them next, Mr. Plunder? Nuclear weapons? Unfortunately not, Bleak. They're both out of money. But there are plenty of other buyers out there. [ Explosion ] I thought Abu wasn't going to attack for another hour. This time we'll attack Yusef before he attacks us. Fire! [ People screaming ] Don't those fools know guns are dangerous? I think so, Mr. Plunder. That's what you told them in your sales pitch. Aaah! And this is one time you didn't lie! We will teach those jackals to attack us before we can attack them! The tanks are tearing up those fields! [ Laughing ] They'll never harvest that crop! Who cares? I'll get my money. Bleak: Mr. Plunder, you sure know how to start a war. Plunder: And a booming business it is. After I franchise my tank operation, the whole planet will be one big battlefield. Heh heh! [ Bullock bellows ] Hmm... [ Gasps ] Oh, thank you. We could not have lasted in that heat much longer. [ All gasp ] Kwame: Quickly! Aaah! We must stop this! It is time for teamwork! Then let our powers combine. Earth! Fire! Wind! Water! Heart! By your powers combined, I am Captain Planet! Go, Planet! Captain Planet: This village has been here for hundreds of years, and those weapons will destroy it in 5 minutes -- unless... The best thing to do about a war is to get out of it. Hmm. It's not like I think of my work as "tankless," but the planet should be! Rat! That tank wasn't even paid for yet! Now we'll never be able to sell it on the used-weapons market. I can't let Captain Planet stop me now. Bleak, get the Megamasher! Right away, Mr. Plunder. One Megamasher at your service, sir. Arm the toxic waste missiles. They'll take care of Captain Planet. Captain Planet: Now to turn these war machines into something useful. There's enough steel here to make 2,000 plows and 100 water pumps. Plunder: Waste him! Bleak: Missile on target, Mr. Plunder. Maybe I can burn that out before it explodes. Uggh! [ Gasping ] It must have... been toxic. I hope the Planeteers get here in time. How dare you attack my village, you coward! So, you can dish it out, but you can't take it. You started this war. I was only defending my people. I started it? You attacked me first. I was defending my people. Efermi: Father, listen to me. Please, Papa. You must listen to the Planeteers. Let me talk to m father. Efermi, wait for me! No! Come back! Papa! Stop! Do not fight anymore! Please, end this war. Both: Huh? Khalil! Look out! That tank is out of control. Abu: Efermi! Thank goodness you are alive, my son. Khalil! I almost lost you. How can I ever repay you? Yes, how? By finally listening to what your sons tell you. Stop this foolish war. Never! Do you not understand? Looten Plunder tricked you by making you afraid of each other. It is true, Yusef. Who told you that Abu was going to attack? Was it the same person who sold you arms? Mr. Plunder. And, Abu, who told you that Yusef was planning to attack? You are right. It wa Plunder. Efermi: Please, Papa, stop the war. Khalil and I want us all to be friends again. Abu: I am sorry, Yusef. I have been a fool. No, Abu. We have  both been fools. Peace. Peace. Excellent. Outstanding. [ Boys shout ] Ow! What's wrong, Ma-Ti? I feel a pain. Captain Planet is in trouble. We must find him. He's not moving, Mr. Plunder. It looks like the world is safe again for profitable polluting. My finest moment. One more missile, and it's curtains for Captain Planet. Wrong, Plunder. The critics have given your show 2 thumbs down. Your warmongering days are over. That's what you think. Kwame: Quick. We must get him out of the shade and into the sunlight. Here is the water you asked for. Quick. Wash off the toxics. Ahhh! Thanks, Planeteers. Where's Plunder? Getting away! Well, then I better get in gear. Are you sure you're okay? I'll feel a lot better when Looten Plunder gets what he deserves. Bleak: Mr. Plunder, Captain Planet's back! Plunder: If you keep bringing me bad news, Bleak, I'll fire you. What comes around goes around, Plunder. Nice tank. Mind if I take it for a spin? [ Plunder and Bleak yelling ] Linka: What did you do with Plunder and Bleak? Just set them down on a glacier to chill out for a while. I'll get you for this, Captain Planet! Ha ha ha! I just hope they don't try to sell any weapons to the penguins. Time for me to split, Planeteers. The power is yours! Kwame: Ugh! There! That should do it. One ready-to-go tractor. This should help you plant new crops to replace the ones that the war destroyed. First, we will plant the crops for your village, Abu. No, Yusef. We will plant the crops for yo village. Kwame: It looks like the two villages are going to spend their time working together instead of against each other. And it looks like your tank conversions are paying off in more ways than one. That well-digger just struck an underground spring. [ Boys laughing ] When people can be that happy sharing this good planet, why do they have to fight over it? If everyone in the world was as smart as those two, wars would never happen. [ Boys laughing ] Planeteers: Go, planet! Captain Planet: Our world can be a place of peace or a battlefield. Ma-Ti: Peace begins at home. Even your schoolyard can be a place for friendships. Linka: Or a place for making enemies. Wheeler: Fighting isn't about being brave. Kwame: It is about being dumb. Why fight when it's smarter to make friends? Gi: That way, everybody wins! The power is yours! Earth! Fire! Wind! Water! Heart! All: Go, Planet! By your powers combined, I am Captain Planet! * Captain Planet * He's our hero * Gonna take pollution down to zero * * He's our powers magnified * And he's fighting on the planet's side * * Captain Planet * He's our hero * Gonna take pollution down to zero * * Gonna help him put asunder * Bad guys who like to loot and plunder * You'll pay for this, Captain Planet! * We're the Planeteers, you can be one, too * * 'Cause saving our planet is the thing to do * * Looting and polluting is not the way * * Hear what Captain Planet has to say * The power is yours! ** 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 