Captain Planet and the Planeteers: Season 1, Episode 9 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Captain Planet and the Planeteers 
 s1e9 - Tree of Life - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Captain Planet and the Planeteers (1990–1996): Season 1, Episode 9 - Tree of Life - full transcript 
 Dr. Blight cuts down a magical tree that contains all the powers of Nature. With this power now at her disposal, even Captain Planet may not be strong enough to stop her from destroying the forest. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Our world is in peril. Gaia, the spirit of the Earth, can no longer stand  the terrible destruction plaguing our planet. She sends five magic rings  to five special young people -- Kwame from Africa,  with the power of Earth. [ Sirens wailing ] From North America -- Wheeler,  with the power of fire. ** From the Soviet Union -- Linka,  with the power of wind. From Asia -- Gi,  with the power of water. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 ** And from South America --  Ma-Ti, with the power of heart. When the five powers combine, they summon  Earth's greatest champion -- Captain Planet! All: Go, Planet! Captain Planet: The power is yours! ** And our legend says that the great tree of life grew here in the valley millions of years ago, when the Earth was still forming. The great rains flooded her roots. The howling winds lashed at her branches, 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 but still she clung to the ground and grew bravely towards the angry sky. In her sap was the power of life, and from her seedlings sprang all the trees in the forest. [ Chain saw buzzing, children chattering ] Children, return to the village! Hurry! [ Whirring ] So this is the famous tree of life. It's big. But the bigger they come, the harder they fall. Robojacks, cut it down! [ Chain saws buzzing ] Stop! You have harmed the forest enough, and you will not destroy the tree of life. Don't be foolish, Father. My son. How could you have revealed the great tree to this evil woman? Dr. Blight has offered a great deal of money to cut it down. No. If the tree of life dies, the entire forest will die with it. That's just a fairy tale, Father. I'm a collector. I collect big things. I'm a very busy villain -- I mean, woman. I don't have time for arguing. Cut it down! [ Chain saws buzzing ] You have underestimated the power of nature. The tree of life is far greater than your machines. Now go! Very well. Until we meet again... Which, unfortunately for you, will be very soon. [ Engine starts ] Gaia: To the crystal chamber, Planeteers. [ Twinkle! ] Dr. Blight has cut a deadly path through the great redwoods of North America in order to reach the tree of life, the greatest redwood of them all. What's so special about some old tree? That old tree happens to hold inside of it all the powers of nature. You must stop Dr. Blight, Planeteers. It just doesn't compute. How could you return  without the tree of life? Because my robojacks couldn't cut through it. If you're so smart, how come you didn't compute that? [ Gasps ] I'm sorry, MAL, sweetums. It's all that stress. It isn't easy being evil. Did you analyze the bark I gave you? The sap contains the molecular  polymatrix DNA configuration of nature's  inert energy quotient. Give it to me straight, Cutie Pie. Bottle this stuff,  and you'll be living lightning, strong enough to take on  Captain Planet. Your output is music to my ears. Now tell me how can I cut down the tree. The answer is logical --  build a bigger robojack. You're a genius, MAL! I'll get on it right away. Mwah! Ooh-ooh-ooh! I'm not programmed for romance. My super-robojack will cut through the tree of life like a hot knife through butter! [ Laughs evilly ] Ahh. Stay on the boulders, Planeteers! Don't lose your concentration, Linka! Ha! I was broad-jump champion of my district. Your advice I do not need. Aaaaaaaaah! Aaah! You're living in the past, Father. Move aside. Make way for the future. There will be no future for our forest if the tree of life dies. [ Rustling ] Aaaaaaah! Chort vozmi! [ Groans softly ] Sorry about my compadre's rude entrance. Hey, Planeteer, stay alert. We are the Planeteers. We want to help you protect the tree of life. It's none of your business. I'm selling the tree to Dr. Blight. Have you flipped your twig?! [ All scream ] Is it an earthquake?! No. Worse. Look! ** I will not let that hunk of tin harm the tree of life! Earth! [ Twinkle! ] Nice shot, Kwame. I think we made him mad! I'll take care of that robo-menace! Going up? Going down. Fire! [ Twinkle! ] Uh-oh. This is not good. Wheeler's in trouble! Water! [ Twinkle! ] Oww! Run -- before it's too late! So those measly little Planeteers think they can stand up to my robojack. Even if you could escape your prison, Planeteers, you'd have to take a dip in my moat. Ew! Those fumes are strong! Unfortunately, you'll find my tree defoliant a little harsh on the skin. [ Chuckles evilly ] Robojack, bring me the tree of life! [ Chain saw buzzing ] No! You must not! Stop! Nice. Very nice. Put it on the truck. We made a deal. You have the tree of life. Now pay me the money you promised. Pay him, robojack. Ugh! Ohh! Don't you know eco-villains always lie? I should have listened to you, Father. Ta-ta, happy campers! You keep an eye on those rotten Planeteers, robojack. I've got sap to tap! It has come to pass. The tree of life is gone. The forest is doomed. There must be some way out of here. It is time for Captain Planet! Let our powers combine! Earth! Fire! Wind! Water! Heart! The pollution in the moat is too strong. Our powers are too weak to summon Captain Planet. According to my computations, the tree sap has reached  the correct temperature. Excellent. Now to test it. Ahh. The essence of nature's energy. How do you feel? Nasty. And now I have the strength to be nastier than ever! Now that you're all-powerful,  what will you do first? Simple -- Crush Captain Planet to dust! [ Laughs evilly ] Ahh. If only Captain Planet were here. He could chop these walls into toothpicks! Sorry to disappoint you, but you'll have to settle for the Queen of evil. She has gained the powers of nature from the tree of life. You're dusted, grandpa. [ All screaming ] Pretty impressive, don't you think? I do not understand. Why are you letting us out? Because I want you to call Captain Planet. We will, and he will teach you a lesson you will never forget! Au contraire. This time, Dr. Blight is giving the lesson, and the captain is going to flunk. When Captain Planet comes looking for me, just tell him I'll be in the forest, chopping it down. [ Laughs evilly ] Ahh. We have to call Captain Planet! He can stop her! Let our powers combine. Earth! Fire! Wind! Water! Heart! By your powers combined, I am Captain Planet! All: Go, Captain Planet! Hey, Planeteers. What's the word? It's two words, Cap -- "Dr. Blight!" She's cutting down the forest! Bad news. She's got to be stopped! Wait! Captain Planet! You do not know the whole story! Hurry, Planeteers! He could need our help! [ Squirrel chittering ] [ Bird screeches ] Keep chopping. That do-good superhero will show up sooner or later. I prefer sooner myself. But first, a little game of footsie! Have a nice trip! What kind of twisted mind would want to destroy this irreplaceable forest? Didn't your mother teach you any manners? Only the bad kind, Captain Planet. Ugh! Don't you think you're going out on a limb here, doc? Ugh! You know, I didn't come here to fight, Blight, but don't think you can play me for some kind of sap! Uhhh! [ Grunting ] Whoa! Ugh! You know, I think your misplaced aggression is the root of your problem. I'll dip you in my toxic defoliants. Ugh! Ohh! Ugh! [ Laughs evilly ] I knew that would weaken you. Blast it all. Nowpowers are fading. Good thing I've got refills back at my secret lab. And I did manage to get an ugly storm going. ** Indian Chief: With the trees cut down, there was nothing to soak up the rain. The water and mud slid down the hill and washed away all the crops. Our people will vanish, like our animal friends who have also lost their homes. Then we must stop Dr. Blight before she destroys the rest of the forest. Fat chance! She's got Cap! And we do not know where. You know the old ways of tracking, Father. You can help us find Captain Planet! I will try. Are you sure you won't join me, Captain Planet? With our combined powers, we could take pollution to new heights. I want to save the planet, not destroy it! Suit yourself. I'll just turn the smog back up to first-stage alert, and you'll be permanently out of my hair. Ohhhhhh! The signs show Captain Planet was dragged into that cave. Wheeler: Nice going, chief! You found Blight's hideout! Now go. Find Captain Planet. Gi: There's Captain Planet! Wheeler: That computer's playing watchdog. [ Snoring ] You guys stay here, and I'll sneak past. Look! That vat must be making the spray that gives Dr. Blight her power! Ugh! Oof! My I.D. scanner detects  an unauthorized life form. Please identify. You keep him busy. I have to do a little rewiring. Hi. Wheeler here. What's the problem? You are a Planeteer,  and you're in big trouble. Right. What are you gonna do -- throw spears at me? Not a bad idea. No! Me and my big mouth! [ Laughs ] Hey, stop! Stop that! [ Laughs ] Who's tickling my circuits? [ Laughter ] Stop that. [ Laughs ] Hi. My name is MAL. I'm a computer. I like games. Shall we play? Yes! That's not such a good idea. I know what I am doing. Stay alert. Let's play "pin the spear on that vat." Oh, goody, goody! What fun! Sounds like a real kick  in the kilobytes! [ Chuckles ]  Yippee! Bull's eye! How did you do that? I reconnected his original circuitry, the way he was before Dr. Blight programmed him with her evil ideas. Now Dr. Blight can't get refills of her power spray. Come back soon. Bye. Are you all right, Captain Planet? [ Coughing ] Kwame: Recharge yourself? Ah, no time for that. I got to stop Dr. Blight before she destroys the entire forest! The only good redwood is dead redwood. You weren't supposed to escape! And you're not supposed to destroy this forest. I have the power to do what I want... [ Warble! ] ...And I want to destroy you! [ Warble! ] You don't matter! Trees don't matter! Only I matter! It can almost match her powers! He's giving her resources. You can't win! I have lightning-fast reflexes! Ugh! Looks like you've lost your spark, Captain Planet. Leave him alone, Blight! You have done enough! Yah! Ugh! I can't be bothered by pests. It's time for the final blow! The planet is not yours yet, Dr. Blight. Meet your fate, Captain Planet. Ohh! Ohh! Ugh! Ahh! Now that you're totally weakened, I'll make myself even stronger. Where is my superpower spray? Looking for this? You cheater! You picked my pocket when you grabbed me! Let's just say I'm putting the power where it really belongs. [ Gasps ] ** Thanks, Wheeler. Hey, thank the tree of life. Look! Dr. Blight is weakening! Not for long. I have a whole vat of superpower back at my lab. You do not have it anymore. Your computer friend, MAL, helped us destroy it. I hate you Planeteers! You make it harder and harder to commit crimes against the Earth! And this is one crime you're gonna pay for. What are you doing?! Stop! We owe you and the Planeteers so much for stopping Dr. Blight. And I have learned a lesson. If we lose the forest, we lose everything. But the tree of life is lost forever. Not forever, Kwame. ** Look! A seedling! Captain Planet: The power is yours! I will protect the seedling, Father, and someday my great-great-great-grandchildren will sit under the tree of life and learn its story and teach their children to protect the forest. [ Bird screeches ] Planeteers: Go, Planet! Captain Planet: The Earth needs more trees. We can plant new ones, and we can protect the trees we already have. For example... It takes 17 tall trees to make one ton of paper. This way, when you recycle one ton of paper... You make sure 17 trees remain standing. So recycle and help save our forests. All: The power is yours! Earth! Fire! Wind! Water! Heart! All: Go, Planet! By your powers combined, I am Captain Planet! * Captain Planet * He's our hero * Gonna take pollution down to zero * * He's our powers magnified * And he's fighting on the planet's side * * Captain Planet * He's our hero * Gonna take pollution down to zero * * Gonna help him put asunder * Bad guys who like to loot and plunder * You'll pay for this, Captain Planet! * We're the Planeteers, you can be one, too * * 'Cause saving our planet is the thing to do * * Looting and polluting is not the way * * Hear what Captain Planet has to say * The power is yours! ** 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 