Captain Planet and the Planeteers: Season 1, Episode 5 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Captain Planet and the Planeteers 
 s1e5 - Deadly Ransom - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Captain Planet and the Planeteers (1990–1996): Season 1, Episode 5 - Deadly Ransom - full transcript 
 Mad scientist Dr. Blight and radioactivity-dependent mutant Duke Nukem deliver a fake bomb threat to the Planeteers through Blight's smart computer MAL, who arrive and are forced to call Captain Planet. He disables the machine that's supposed to make everything work, but in freeing the Planeteers from a forcefield is captured. The villains say they'll only release him if the Planeteers deliver a lifetime's supply of radioactive waste - in which case not even Captain Planet could do much for the world... 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Our world is in peril. Gaia, the spirit of the Earth, can no longer stand  the terrible destruction plaguing our planet. She sends five magic rings  to five special young people -- Kwame from Africa,  with the power of Earth. [ Sirens wailing ] From North America -- Wheeler,  with the power of fire. ** From the Soviet Union -- Linka,  with the power of wind. From Asia -- Gi,  with the power of water. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 ** And from South America --  Ma-Ti, with the power of heart. When the five powers combine, they summon  Earth's greatest champion -- Captain Planet! All: Go, Planet! Captain Planet: The power is yours! This is Duke Nukem calling Dr. Blight. I'm approaching your laboratory. Get your mangy computer MAL to open that secret passage quick! Quick, I said! Quick! Dr. Blight, that computer of yours is a menace. Why must we put up with  this nuclear nitwit? 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 MAL, baby, you be polite. Dr. Nukem's here to help us be wicked. Keep your distance, Dr. Blight, or you'll fry like a strip of bacon from my radioactivity. No problem, sweetie. This designer lead suit will shield me from your deadly rays. Do you like it? Well? I'm all aglow. Now, why'd you send for me? I'm starting my most devious experiment, and I need your help catching the guinea pig. Captain Planet. What's in it for me? All the nuclear waste you can feed on, Duke. You certainly know how to treat royalty. But Captain Planet's no fool. How are we gonna capture him? We'll bait the trap  with Planeteers. I told you MAL was a genius. He's even sending a phony message to lure them into our clutches. [ Laughs evilly ] [ All laughing evilly ] Thanks for the Eco-alert, Gaia. What's up? There's a strange glow coming from Antarctica. Hey, Planeteers! Dr. Blight  and Duke Nukem here. How do you like our  nuclear waste bomb? With this,  we can waste the planet! Ciao for now,  Planet punks! Gaia, what will happen if they succeed? Once that nuclear waste poisons our Earth, it can't be cleaned up. It'll be deadly to humans and animals for millions of years. Where'd Blight and Nukem get that stuff? Kwame: Most radioactive waste is produced by nuclear power plants. It is so deadly, it must be put in lead containers. Dr. Blight must have broken in to a storage site and stolen it! You must stop Blight and Nukem before they cause a catastrophe. Nukem: Are you sure the Planeteers will fall for your scheme, Dr. Blight? How could they resist? We made them think that container really is full of nuclear waste. And by the time  they find out it isn't, Captain Planet will be  our prisoner. And then, dear Dukie, you will have all the real nuclear waste you crave. It's sheer genius  to get nuclear waste by pretending  we already have it. No one cheats, lies, and tricks  better than you do, Doctor. Oh, MAL! You say the sweetest things. Planeteer alert, gang. There's Dr. Blight's hide-out. Look. Here come the Planeteers, heading right into our super-trap. We can't make things  too easy for them or they'll realize  this is a trap. Let me zap 'em! No. Please allow me. I'll put them on ice them with my new freezer-beam. Uh-oh! The Geo-Cruiser is covered with ice! The controls are frozen solid. Fire! It is melting the ice! Pull up! Pull up! I cannot! The controls are still frozen! Oh! I told you to wear your seat belt, Suchi. Kwame: Nice teamwork, Planeteers. Whew! That was a close one. Don't congratulate  yourselves yet, Planeteers. You're not safe. You've just prolonged  your inevitable doom. Ha ha ha! Ah! Activate  the explosive device beneath  the nuclear wastes. How unfortunate  you can't join us in our radiation-proof  underground shelter. Au revoir, Planeteers. We've got to stop that explosion. Come on, Wheeler. Time for teamwork. First you melt that ice with... Fire! And now that it is water... ...I'll shape it into steps fast, before it refreezes. Cool move, Gi. Earth could be contaminated for millions of years, and you are making jokes. We made it! Now let's switch off the explosive device. Those goody-goody fools have played right into our hands! Then it's time for the final phase of our trap. Uh! Ah! Oh, no! We're caught in a force field. Wheeler: Yeah, and it's one minute to boom-boom time. My friends, there is nothing we can do to stop that nuclear-waste bomb. Then let our powers combine. Earth! Fire! Wind! Water! Heart! By your powers combined, I am Captain Planet! Go, Planet! Hey, there, Planeteers. Looks like you've got an explosive situation on your hands. You can say that again, Cap. In 10 seconds, we're history! History? Not in my book. Ah! An easy solution! Don't mean to be flip, but how's that for a quick switch? Captain Planet has deactivated the bomb. Go, Planet! Now to take out that force field. Gonna put the pedal to the metal. Ugh! I think I can iron this out. All right! We're free! All right! Hey! Hey! Well, Planeteers, looks like another  eco-emergency is down for the count. That's what you think, Captain Planet. Our deadly game is just beginning. Whoa! Heads up! Whoa! Whoa! Huh? Oh! [ Coughs ] Oh! Captain Planet! [ Coughs ] Oh! Uh! Uh! Oh. What's going on? Where am I? "Welcome to my parlor," said the spider to the fly. [ Laughs evilly ] Now for a dose of radioactivity to render you completely powerless! No! Our scheme worked. Captain Planet is ours! [ Both laugh evilly ] Ah! Everyone! Look! Gi: Dr. Blight and Duke Nukem are escaping! Kwame: And they have Captain Planet with them! Uh... Planeteers, over here! It's empty! No nuclear waste. Nothing. We've been tricked! What dummies we've been. This whole thing was just a setup to capture Captain Planet. And we fell for it. Now what are we going to do? We have an important message  for Gaia and her teenage dupes. What have you done with Captain Planet? He's unsafe and unsound right here  in my secret laboratory. You must release him at once! All in good time. But first you must meet  our ransom demand. Which is? Bring me a lifetime supply  of nuclear waste. And what if we refuse? [ Laughs evilly ] Then you'll never see  Captain Planet again. [ Gasps ] Oh! Can't...give in. Aah! There is only one thing you can do, Planeteers -- rescue Captain Planet. How are we gonna do that without our powers, Gaia? There is a way. Ohh. We will have to give Duke Nukem the nuclear waste he demanded as ransom. Then we'll be helping Nukem and Dr. Blight pollute the Earth. But if we do not, they will hurt Captain Planet. Captain Planet has never let us down. We will not let him down. [ Chattering ] According to my readings, Dr. Blight's ransom message came from just over this hill. There's nothing around here but that huge glacier. Dr. Blight hid inside a glacier before. Why not now? Maybe the Geo-Sensors can help. Planeteer alert! We found them! I still say we should attack this place head-on and right now. Nyet. Better to sneak inside and take Blight and Nukem by surprise. But what if we're too late? We can cut through this ice. Intruders! Intruders! Those Planet-heads  are at it again. They're trying to break into our hide-out! Is this guy a genius  or what? Mind your manners, MAL, and give those meddlers a cold reception. I always follow  doctor's orders. One avalanche  coming up. We're almost through. [ Rumbling ] [ Gasps ] What is that rumbling? Look! It's an avalanche! Aah! Ski for it! Faster, everyone! The snow -- it is gaining! Look! We're coming to a gorge! Jump! Whoa! Whoa! Whoa! Now that's what I call  a real snow job. [ Chuckles ] Nice work, MAL. That should make them realize they'd better forget trying a rescue and just deliver the ransom. I told you your plan wouldn't work. At least I did something besides just talk. Exactly! You set off the alarm. Oh, so now it's all my fault? If I had some help, it would have been different. Look! It's Gaia! Planeteers,  what's going on here? Gaia, I am afraid we have let you down this time. No, you haven't. But you must remember blaming  each other is a waste of time. The only thing that matters  is changing what's wrong. To rescue Captain Planet, you must stop  blaming each other and start working together. The power is yours! Gaia is right. We must stop saying it is someone else's fault. Sorry, Linka. Me, too. Let's put our heads together. I know we can come up with a plan to rescue Captain Planet. Aah! Your powerless flunkies better pay our ransom soon, Captain Planet! You won't survive much more of my radiation. Forget it, Nukem. The Planeteers will never agree to your evil demands! Attention!  Attention, malevolent master, and you, too, Duke radish-head! Watch it, computer. Your mouth's too big for your microchips. The Planeteers are approaching,  and with the ransom. Kwame:  This is the Planeteers calling Dr. Blight  and Duke Nukem. Wheeler: You win. Here's the nuclear waste  you demanded. Well, Supersap, it looks like you were wrong about your beloved Planeteers. Ugh! Ugh! Ugh! [ All laughing evilly ] Ugh! Ugh! There! We have kept  our part of the bargain. Now you keep yours. Release Captain Planet  at once! No way. MAL, give those young fools another taste of your powers. I thought  you'd never ask. Linka: [ Gasps ] It's a laser! Gi: Let's get the Geo-Cruiser out of here! Dr. Blight: The Planeteers are running away. Nice shot, Blight. I guess that polishes off the Planeteers. [ Both laughing evilly ] Now, wouldn't you know it? I do all the work, and  the mutant does the gloating. You double-crossing creeps. You never had any intention of letting me go! Ohh! Ugh! Of course not. I have something deliciously dastardly in store for you. There's enough nuclear waste here to keep me glowing for 100 years! [ Laughs evilly ] You've got what you wanted, my pernicious partner. Now it's my turn. What have you got up your evil sleeve now, Dr. Blight? My greatest experiment of all. I'm going to learn the secret of your power and then use it to destroy the Earth! And how do you plan to do that? You'll see. I'm afraid you're going to go all to pieces. [ Laughs evilly ] Ahh. Hold it right there, Dr. Blight! Planeteers! But how? We saw you fly away. Yeah. We blasted you out of the sky. We were not in the Geo-Cruiser. It was operating by remote control. Oops. Got to go. That was a mistake, Planeteers, the last you'll ever make. We must defend ourselves. Here. These lids are made of lead. They will shield us from the radiation. Okay, Duke, nuke your worst. [ Laughs evilly ] I always do, Planeteers. Give the duke and the doctor a dose of their own medicine. Aah! Are you all right, Captain Planet? I've absorbed too much of Duke Nukem's radiation. Don't worry, Cap. We'll get you back on your feet. Let's make like an atom and split. They're escaping with Captain Planet. Stop them! Ugh! Quick, I'll shield you! Come on, dudes! Hurry, Gi! Ugh! We made it! Now to re-energize Captain Planet. He needs to get back in touch with the powers that make him strong. A good, healthy dose of pure sunshine! With a touch of Earth, air, and water. And good friends cheering for him. Ohh. It's working! Captain Planet is throwing off the effects of Nukem's pollution! Thanks, Planeteers! Go, Planet! Go, Planet! Now to take care of Dr. Blight and Duke Nukem. It's Captain Planet! Very bright, Blight. But now it's about time for you and Duke Nukem to clean up your act. Nukem: He's transforming into water! And is entering MAL! H2O intruder!  Short circuit! Short circuit! I'm all washed up. The glacier's collapsing! Face it, you two. Your evil plans are on the rocks. I suppose this means I don't get my lifetime supply of nuclear waste. In a few seconds, there will be nothing left of Dr. Blight's secret lab. Look! Kwame: That is a good ending to an evil scheme. And best of all, Captain Planet is safe. Thanks for getting me out of that hot spot, Planeteers. With friends like you, the Earth has a chance. As always... Planeteers: Go, Planet! Radioactive waste from nuclear power plants is definitely a big problem. But if we all use less electricity, we can reduce the need for nuclear power. Don't use a 100-watt bulb when a 60-watt will do. Do not leave lights, the TV, or radio on in an empty room. Wash only full loads of laundry. Energy efficiency can help save our planet. The power is yours! Earth! Fire! Wind! Water! Heart! All: Go, Planet! By your powers combined, I am Captain Planet! * Captain Planet * He's our hero * Gonna take pollution down to zero * * He's our powers magnified * And he's fighting on the planet's side * * Captain Planet * He's our hero * Gonna take pollution down to zero * * Gonna help him put asunder * Bad guys who like to loot and plunder * You'll pay for this, Captain Planet! * We're the Planeteers, you can be one, too * * 'Cause saving our planet is the thing to do * * Looting and polluting is not the way * * Hear what Captain Planet has to say * The power is yours! ** 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 