Captain Planet and the Planeteers: Season 1, Episode 23 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Captain Planet and the Planeteers 
 s1e23 - Mission to Save Earth: Part 2 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Captain Planet and the Planeteers (1990–1996): Season 1, Episode 23 - Mission to Save Earth: Part 2 - full transcript 
 The Planeteers learn Commander Clash's radar station he releases Ma-Ti and Gi from was set up during the Cold War, which he doesn't know ended. He is depressed and doubts he has any purpose... 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Our world is in peril. Gaia, the spirit of the Earth, can no longer stand  the terrible destruction plaguing our planet. She sends five magic rings  to five special young people -- Kwame from Africa,  with the power of Earth. [ Sirens wailing ] From North America -- Wheeler,  with the power of fire. ** From the Soviet Union -- Linka,  with the power of wind. From Asia -- Gi,  with the power of water. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 ** And from South America --  Ma-Ti, with the power of heart. When the five powers combine, they summon  Earth's greatest champion -- Captain Planet! All: Go, Planet! Captain Planet: The power is yours! Ma-Ti: In our last episode, a false distress call lured the Planeteers into a trap. Linka: Our rings were stolen so Dr. Blight could create... Wheeler: ...five evil rings to summon Captain Pollution. Kwame: Meanwhile, Commander Clash, a soldier on a secret mission, 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 was tricked into hunting us down. Gi: But when we befriended him, he showed us his camp and the radar station he used to protect his home country. Linka: When he learned his country was at peace and he was no longer needed... Ma-Ti: Commander Clash refused to leave the island and face a new world he did not understand. Wheeler: But when we tried to leave the island, Captain Pollution attacked us! Ha ha ha! You can run, Planeteers, but you can't hide, not from Captain Pollution! Ha ha ha! If only we could summon Captain Planet. But without our rings, we do not have our powers. We still have our wits. Heads up if you want to keep them! Laughin' boy is making his move. He'll destroy this entire island! Get off my island now! Wrong, wrong, wrong, wrong, muscleman, all wrong. Nobody tells Captain Pollution what to do. Ha ha! Clash doesn't have a chance. Yes, he does! And I know what it is. Commander Clash, use your water cannon! Spray Captain Pollution with water! It is your only hope! Uh! [ Choking ] Of course! If pollution drains Captain Planet's powers... Then pure, clean things will hurt Captain Pollution. Ohh... Had enough, invader? I'll show you enough! You will show me nothing.  I will show you! [ Choking ] You can't beat me! Oh! That water  has drained me. I need toxics, but it's not over. Captain Pollution will return! You had surprise on your side this time, Clash, but Captain Pollution has some powerful friends. Wheeler is right. When our enemy returns, he will not be alone. Look! Captain Pollution's headed this way! I bet he took care of those Planet brats. I wouldn't make that bet,  Plunder. According  to my calculations, Captain Pollution  is in big trouble. Toxics. [ Gasps ] Need toxics. Ahh... He's going to crash! Uh! Uh! Ohh...dudes, I hurt all over. He looks worse than a rat in a trap. What happened to him? Those party-pooping Planet pests! Ohh... It's the only way to save him. The polluting power is yours! Those blasted Planeteers will pay for this. We cannot fix this without time. Terrif! Just how do we stop Blight, Sludge, Nukem, Plunder, Skumm, Captain Pollution, and a whole army of bad guys? There is only one way. We must get our rings back. That's where you come in, big guy. If anybody can beat those creeps, it's Commander Clash. Once, maybe, but not now. I'm a relic. I am of no use to you. This is not my kind of mission. You are wrong about yourself. Why do you say that? A relic would not build that or water wheels, like at your camp. And who better to lead this mission to save Earth than yourself? Please, Commander. If you don't help us, the entire world could look like this. Very well. I will lead you. Earth, fire, wind, water, and heart -- your rings gave powers. You're without your rings. I'll replace your powers with technology. For Kwame... A sonic jackhammer! Excellent! For Linka... A portable wind generator!  Bozhe moi! For Wheeler... A wrist-mounted flamethrower! All right! And for Gi... A water-pump backpack! Thanks, Commander Clash. But what about heart power? You cannot replace that with technology. I don't have to. No one can take away your heart power, Ma-Ti. And just sharing it has given me strength to do what I must do -- help the mission to save Earth. [ Buzzing ] The enemy has arrived! I've scanned  the entire island, as you requested,  Dr. Blight, but there's no sign  of those nature noodles. Quiet, Planeteers. Smooth and quiet. This ship is so big. Where do we look for our rings? I vote for Dr. Blight's lab. If she used our good rings to make evil rings... Then that's the place to start looking. A lab like that would need lots of power. It must be close to the main generators. Let's go! [ Buzzing ] Intruder alert! We've got visitors. Wheeler: All right! Dr. Blight's lab. Ma-Ti: Our rings -- there they are. Dr. Blight: Stop them! Yeah! I'll zap them, Doc, with smog! Better shed some light on this situation. Fire! This will shake you up, my friends. Earth! Oh! Whoa! They look like they could use some fresh air. Wind! [ Whoosh! ] And some cold water! Oh! Whoa! Good work, Planeteers! Now let's get your rings. Ah! That feels better. They have the rings! Use all your powers to stop them! I think it is time to call Captain Planet. Let our powers combine. Earth! Fire! Wind! Water! Heart! By your powers combined, I am Captain Planet! Go, Planet! If they want to play dirty... Then we'll call Captain Pollution. Let our polluting powers combine! Super-radiation! Deforestation! Smog! Toxics! Hate! By your polluting powers combined, I am Captain Pollution! Ha ha ha! Go, Pollution! Captain Planet, huh? You don't look so tough. Neither do you, Pollution. In fact, you look a little green around the gills. Oh! Oh! [ Cheering ] Go, Planet! Ha! Better check your appointment calendar. I think you'll find you're all tied up. And now it's time to teach those Eco-villains a good -- Watch out, Cap! Huh? Ew! [ Coughing ] Dr. Blight: How do you like my pollution pod, Captain Planet? [ Coughing ] Weak. Feel weak. Captain Planet's down! The pollution is sapping his strength! Destroy him, Captain Pollution! With pleasure. [ Coughing ] Ha ha ha! Haw ha ha! [ Gasping ] Ha ha ha! You're doomed, Planet. You're doomed. Go! Go! Destroy Planet! We have got to stop Captain Pollution with something unpolluted... like sunlight! But how? There! That radar dish is the answer! Huh? I'm gonna have fun finishing you off. We must turn the dish toward the sun. No! Oh! I can't stand so much...sunlight! We must get Captain Planet away from here. Quick! Before those Eco-villains get over here! That plane -- it will get us out of here! They're escaping! We've got to stop them! You get him! Don't be a fool, you sludgehead. We have an entire army at our disposal. [ Alarm sounding ] They've called in reinforcements. Then it is time to fly! [ Shouting ] [ Gasps ] You miserable Planeteers! Wherever you go, we'll find you and we'll finish you! Ohh...weak. I feel...so...weak. I hope this device will stop Captain Pollution for good. Linka: Commander Clash, we have finished this section of the ionizer. Will it be strong enough to draw all the toxics out of Captain Pollution? It has to. We must give Captain Planet time to regain his power. Otherwise, we don't have a chance. [ Shouting ] It's time to terminate Captain Planet and the Planeteers. And here comes the pollution solution. Ready to fight, my filthy one? Grrr! Let me at him! I can't wait to get my grimy hands on those Planet punks. He's ready. Dudes! Let's stomp those nature nerds! Oh, come on! Where are these global geeks? They must be around here somewhere. Oh! That beam! Losing my strength. What's happening? Our ionizer is drawing the pollution and the power out of you forever. Uh! Stop them. Destroy them. [ Shouting ] We cannot fight all of them. Maybe we won't have to. Wait, soldiers! Listen to me! Look around you! Take a good long look. This is the future of the world if you help monsters like Plunder! Monsters? Who are you calling monsters? You -- you and your kind. Don't listen to him. Money is all that matters -- money and power! [ Angry shouting ] What good is money in a world destroyed by waste and pollution? Listen to me! Until today, I was a lot like you -- a soldier paid to do a job without asking questions. But I have learned there are things more dangerous than missiles. There is greed, selfishness, indifference, prejudice -- everything that that monstrosity stands for. If you join him, this is our future. How long can you survive in a world like this? The time to choose is now! What are you doing?! You fools! We could conquer the world! You're a loser, Plunder. We ain't stickin' with you. All I have to do is find  the right frequency, and this jamming device will -- What's this? It is shorting out! Uhh. That's better. You will all pay for humiliating me. Huh? You will pay and pay and pay! Go get them, Captain Pollution! Go! We are trapped! Finish them off, Captain Pollution. Say goodbye to the planet. Yah! You're the only one who's finished, Pollution. Captain Planet -- he's back! This is for you, Dr. Blight. Whoa! You are full of hot air, Planet. I'll show you who's boss around here! There is no boss around here, Pollution. We're a team. And that's why we'll always beat you. I know what you need, Pollution, and I'm just the guy to give it to you. What are you talking about, fool? The pure elements of the Earth. I'm gonna give you a taste of every single one. [ Gasp ] Nooo! First, Earth. Then, fire. Uhh! And for our next element, wind! Yah! And, finally, water. Oh! Did you enjoy your bath, Captain Pollution? Ohh...have a heart, Captain Planet. Aw, don't worry, Pollution. Now that you're clean, I'm just gonna put you out to dry. Well done! Hurray! Outstanding! Yeah! Pollution has had it. We're all washed up. I got to go for now, but you can count on this -- I'll be back! What's happening? The polluting power is yours! Yow! It's burning me! My ring! Just remembered -- I left a beaker bubbling on my Bunsen burner. Got to run. [ Laughter ] Look at them go! I've never seen those flakes disappear so fast! Look, guys! Commander Clash has converted the villains' army into an environmental cleanup force. My men and I will travel across this world cleaning up pollution and battling greed as best we can. And you thought you were a useless relic, a soldier without a mission. But I found my mission, thanks to you. My work here is done. Time to go, Planeteers. The power is yours! Time to hit the road, troops, back to Hope Island. I hope we will see you again, Commander Clash. Our paths will cross again, Planeteers. The mission to save Earth is not over. It is just beginning. Planeteers: Go, Planet! Countries spend billions of dollars on armies and weapons to defend themselves from one another. But Earth faces a more serious and common enemy. Captain Clash: The enemy is pollution. Let's use our money, people, and time to help stop this threat to our survival. Let us make it a mission -- a mission to save Earth! The power is yours! Earth! Fire! Wind! Water! Heart! All: Go, Planet! By your powers combined, I am Captain Planet! * Captain Planet * He's our hero * Gonna take pollution down to zero * * He's our powers magnified * And he's fighting on the planet's side * * Captain Planet * He's our hero * Gonna take pollution down to zero * * Gonna help him put asunder * Bad guys who like to loot and plunder * You'll pay for this, Captain Planet! * We're the Planeteers, you can be one, too * * 'Cause saving our planet is the thing to do * * Looting and polluting is not the way * * Hear what Captain Planet has to say * The power is yours! ** 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 