Captain Planet and the Planeteers: Season 1, Episode 13 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Captain Planet and the Planeteers 
 s1e13 - Plunder Dam - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Captain Planet and the Planeteers (1990–1996): Season 1, Episode 13 - Plunder Dam - full transcript 
 Looten Plunder dams off an African village's river and offers the people electricity to improve services the river once provided, and some luxuries. The Planeteers realize that this means severe loss of fish-life and animals becoming wild with thirst, especially since Plunder had Argos Bleak block the water he didn't dam up. They convince Chief Morla, but not his people, not to do business with him. Shortly after they arrive, an elephant-stampede convince the villagers to reject his technology, but Plunder still hands out the electric bill for everything he's given them, which is too high to pay. The villagers can't continue their old ways of life or even survive long without the river, and just about every natural system there is threatened. Plunder builds a robot likeness of the villagers' river deity to terrorize them so they'll give him the land he now owns as payment, but the machine may cause more disasters than even he planned for. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Our world is in peril. Gaia, the spirit of the Earth, can no longer stand  the terrible destruction plaguing our planet. She sends five magic rings  to five special young people -- Kwame from Africa,  with the power of Earth. [ Sirens wailing ] From North America -- Wheeler,  with the power of fire. ** From the Soviet Union -- Linka,  with the power of wind. From Asia -- Gi,  with the power of water. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 ** And from South America --  Ma-Ti, with the power of heart. When the five powers combine, they summon  Earth's greatest champion -- Captain Planet! All: Go, Planet! Captain Planet: The power is yours! Man: Our river god has been good to us. We have enough fish for our feast. Thank you, Nyamenyami. Yay! Yay! Play one of the best new FPS shooters, search Steam for PROJECT WARLOCK Looten Plunder: This is as good a spot as any to dam up the river. Let her go! 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 One instant dam going down, Mr. Plunder! Quick, head for that stream! It's the only escape! [ All yelling ] Aaah! Plunder: Looks like we're causing a little panic down there. I just wish they'd scream louder so as I could hear them! Heh heh heh heh! Gaia: Looten Plunder is back, and, unfortunately, we've got him. He's dammed up this river. What's wrong with that? I thought dams were good. Only if they're planned and implemented with great wisdom. And unless we stop it, Plunder's dam is going to be a disaster. Yes, sirree, Mr. Plunder. That dam is the most gorgeous hunk of concrete I've seen in me life. You're watching the wrong show, idiot. Bleak: It's the Planeteers! I'll give them a toxic welcome. Hold it, mutton head. They're too late to stop the dam, and we've still got work to do, so get moving! Plunder won't get away. No time to chase them. Planeteer alert! Someone is in trouble down there. Uhh! Ma-Ti: Do not be frightened. We are friends. He's going to be washed away before he can grab the ladder. Not if I can help it. Just a little bit further! That's it! You're safe. Whoever you are, I owe you my life. We're the Planeteers, but who or what is that? This is the image of our river god, and I am sure the real Nyamenyami gives you his thanks. Your troubles are not over yet. Looten Plunder will stop at nothing to get what he wants. And all we have to do is figure out what that is. Let's go, Gi. Get a move on. Plunder wants the power connected to every hut by sundown. My village is on the other side of the ridge. Chief Mola! Praise be to Nyamenyami. He has delivered our chief. We'd better see what that pilfering pirate Looten Plunder is up to. Gather round, folks. I'll show you some fine merchandise that'll change your life, with plenty of power, courtesy of Plunder dam. What's your scam, Plunder? Ah! Fancy meeting you here, my dear Planeteers. You can attest to the value of these amazing labor-saving appliances. [ Crowd gasping ] These people need the river more than they need most of these things. Maybe, but I could go for a good deal on that CD player. Wheeler, be serious. Observe. No longer will you have to wash your clothes by pounding them on rocks in the river. What river? [ Trumpets ] Uh, that's just a temporary situation, an unfortunate miscalculation. That will be rectified. Do not believe him. It will only get worse. Kwame is right. This will anger Nyamenyami. Nonsense. Nyamenyami is a good god. He'll look with favor on that which brings happiness to his people. This is as clean as when I spend all morning washing at the river. [ Crowd murmuring excitedly ] My people want to give Plunder Dam a chance. So be it. But you can't trust that dude. Plunder's a two-faced sleazoid! I must abide by the will of my people. You made a wise decision. And don't listen to these doomsayers. I assure you the temporary damage caused by the dam is not as bad as you think. Gi: Plunder was right. The damage isn't as bad as we thought. It's worse. And here, where the water is plentiful, Bleak's mercenaries have fenced it off. The fence must come down for my people, for the animals. Watch out! Kwame, this is no time for games. This is no game. Wheeler: Kwame's right. Get a load of this fence-fried fruit. Bleak: Beat it! Plunder doesn't want you around here! The river belongs to the village. You have no right to fence it in. My people will be angry. Heh heh heh! Your people are as happy as clams. But don't take my word. Come see them at Plunder's trading post. Plunder: Step right up. Come one, come all. Give it a try, and then you'll buy. Everyone profits at Plunder's. Wheeler: Hate to say this, but it looks like your people caught shop-till-you-drop fever. Yes. They don't seem very upset about the dam. Sorry, folks. All sold out for today. But a new shipment is coming in tomorrow. See you then! Crowd: Wait! Come back! [ Trumpets ] What the -- I'll take care of those schnozzolas. [ Trumpets ] Beat it! Stop nosing around here! [ Bleak laughing ] Look at 'em go! Ha ha ha! They won't bother us no more. Here goes nothing. Aah! Yaah! Aaah! Wheeler: Tarzan, eat your heart out! Ma-Ti: I do not understand. All these generators for one little village. Something is very wrong here. [ Alarm sounding ] Bleak: Freeze! We got you covered! Plunder: Looks like we've got us some live ones. Your dam is bad! I will tell my people what I have seen here. I hate blabbermouth chiefs. Bleak, tie him up. Heart! Planeteers -- Mola, Wheeler, and I need help. Then let our powers combine. Earth! Fire! Wind! Water! Heart! Planeteers: Go, Planet! By your powers combined, I am Captain Planet! [ Laughing ] If you play with matches, you're going to get burned. Aah! Aah! Plunder: Arggh! Bleak, get that Planet out of my orbit! Activate all the generators. But that will overload the circuits. Plunder: Do as I say! Mola: Who is this strange man? Wheeler: He's Captain Planet. Captain Planet: No time for formal introductions. We got to fly! Use the battery acid from the transformers to cut him off. Ma-Ti: Thank you, Captain Planet. My pleasure. Watch out! Huh?! Quick! Go on! I'll shield you! Up, down, all around. Uggh! Yoww! Ouch! Oh! Now! Now to tie up some loose ends. I'll get you, you -- This is just not your day. Huh? Uh-oh. We are safe thanks to you, Captain Planet. That toxic battery acid drained me. I must return to the Earth to recover. The power is yours. [ Elephants trumpeting ] Oh, no! Elephants! Mola: They're crazy with thirst. They're going to trample my village! [ Villagers yelling ] I must go help my people. The elephants will destroy our village. Wait. I will use my ring to try and calm them. Heart! It is no use. Their thirst is too great. I will quench their thirst, using water to lure them away from your village. Water! [ Trumpets ] I've had enough of your bumbling. It's not my fault! It's those Planet brats! No excuses. From now on,  I give the orders! You're the boss, Mr. Blunder. Mola: My people realize that they paid too high a price for Plunder's gadgets and appliances. But it is too late. It would seem that way. Your crops are ruined. The fish and game are dying. Though this machine made my life easier, I would gladly go back to washing in the river. Only there is no river. Gi: Plunder really outdid himself this time. Kwame: Because of him, the entire region has been devastated. Surely we have angered our river God Nyamenyami. Dear me, what's the problem? Couldn't figure out the instructions? You greedmonger! Your scheme has caused these people great hardship! I'm terribly sorry, but I didn't come here to argue with you. I came here to make a presentation to the fine chief here. What is this? Your electric bill. Gi: It's a fortune. Outrageous! I do not believe it! Linka: I knew he was up to something! There's no way these people can pay this! In that case... Plunder here. Looks like the villagers are deadbeats. So, better cut off their electricity. And since you can't pay your bill, I can legally take over your land for further development. What do you mean? This is the perfect site to build a substation to distribute my electricity all over the continent. He cannot do that to us! Hey! Keep your mitts off the merchandise. I will make them regret this. Everything okay up here? Uh-oh! This is serious! [ Telephone rings ] Yeah? Bleak: You sure did a job on those villagers. They're ready to storm your precious dam. Let them. It's all part of my plan. Since those fools believe in their Nyamenyami river god, I'll use it against them. What do you mean? Ha ha ha! I'm going to give them their Nyamenyami and kick them off my land! Ma-Ti: Stop, please! This will not solve anything! Plunder tricked us. The river is not his. It is not for someone to own. Violence is not the way of our people. Chief Mola's right. This is not the time to panic. Yipe! [ Crowd gasps ] [ Roars ] Now's the time to panic! That Nyamenyami is for real, and he looks real angry. Something about this is not right. Plunder: Hah! They're scared witless. I'll turn up the volume and give them something to reall scream about. [ Roars ] [ Distorted voice ] You angered the great Nyamenyami. The mighty Plunder is your ruler now, not Mola. Do what Plunder orders. Give him your land. Do not listen to him. Mola is a good leader. Dare not defy me! For I alone control the sacred river. I will try to touch this creature's heart. Heart! Nyamenyami! That is no river God. His heart is as evil as Looten Plunder's. It is Looten Plunder's. Wheeler, use your power. Fire! Woman: It is Looten Plunder! Gi: Water! What the -- Kwame: It's out of control! If I couldn't stop Plunder's monster, maybe I can stop the water! Water! Our rings aren't going to cut it by themselves. It's time for teamwork. Then let our powers combine. Earth! Fire! Wind! Water! Heart! Captain Planet: By your powers combined, I am Captain Planet! Planeteers: Go, Planet! I'll go with the flow, Planeteers. You help out here. There are still people in my village in the river's path. [ Straining ] Aaah! Captain Planet: Uh! I got ya! [ Woman sighs ] Plunder and Bleak: Help! Help! Help! [ People shouting ] Don't worry, folks. All of your problems are about to evaporate. Look! Captain Planet turned the water into rain clouds. [ Cheering ] Ha ha! The clouds are over my village. Captain Planet: The rain will gently replenish your rivers and fields. Soon your land will be restored. And we will keep it that way. We will never let the likes of Looten Plunder cheat us again. Captain Planet: The power is yours! Mola: Thank you for helping us build our new dam. So you see, Wheeler, there are good dams and bad dams. For sure. Mola: This dam will help us without hurting our land. And there is a place for the wise use of these in our life as well. Do you think Nyamenyami is pleased? See for yourself. Look! It's Nyamenyami! [ Planeteers shouting ] Did you see that? Was it really Nyamenyami? Planeteers: Go, Planet! Captain Planet: Water is one of Earth's most precious resources. Don't let wasteful habits steal your water supply. Don't leave faucets running needlessly. Shut them tight and repair leaks fast. Use low-flow shower heads. Recycling saves water, too. Every ton of recycled paper saves 7,000 gallons. Captain Planet: Help us make sure there's enough water for everybody. All: The power is yours! Earth! Fire! Wind! Water! Heart! All: Go, Planet! By your powers combined, I am Captain Planet! * Captain Planet * He's our hero * Gonna take pollution down to zero * * He's our powers magnified * And he's fighting on the planet's side * * Captain Planet * He's our hero * Gonna take pollution down to zero * * Gonna help him put asunder * Bad guys who like to loot and plunder * You'll pay for this, Captain Planet! * We're the Planeteers, you can be one, too * * 'Cause saving our planet is the thing to do * * Looting and polluting is not the way * * Hear what Captain Planet has to say * The power is yours! ** 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 