Captain Planet and the Planeteers: Season 1, Episode 12 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Captain Planet and the Planeteers 
 s1e12 - A World Below Us - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Captain Planet and the Planeteers (1990–1996): Season 1, Episode 12 - A World Below Us - full transcript 
 Gi and Ma-Ti investigate polluted areas of water, suspecting Sly Sludge is pouring garbage and sewage there, and Ma-Ti is pained from hearing many cries for help underwater. Gi goes down to examine pollution levels, and is attacked by Sludge's robotic octopus, losing her oxygen-tank and consciousness. She's rescued by Pontus, a resident of the secret underwater city Oceanus, and discovers that the protective dome around it is leaking from the contaminants. The civilization's Council forbids her leaving to bring the other Planeteers back to help, and the others, captured by Sludge, don't know where or if they'll find her. But with the pollution threatening animal and human life, they will need to unite to summon Captain Planet soon... 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Our world is in peril. Gaia, the spirit of the Earth, can no longer stand  the terrible destruction plaguing our planet. She sends five magic rings  to five special young people -- Kwame from Africa,  with the power of Earth. [ Sirens wailing ] From North America -- Wheeler,  with the power of fire. ** From the Soviet Union -- Linka,  with the power of wind. From Asia -- Gi,  with the power of water. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 ** And from South America --  Ma-Ti, with the power of heart. When the five powers combine, they summon  Earth's greatest champion -- Captain Planet! All: Go, Planet! Captain Planet: The power is yours! Gi: And now back to "Captain Planet." Gi: Planeteer alert! I'm picking up high pollution levels on the ocean's surface. Take us down for a closer look, Ma-Ti. Look at these pollution readings! I just bet that polluter Sly Sludge is dumping waste into the ocean again -- but from where? 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Man: Okay, you good-for-nothing slimeballs! Shovel that garbage into the fog-making machine. We've got to make sure no one can find us. Uh! Looks like I fooled those stupid Planeteers with my phony fog cover. They'll never find my secret disposal plant now. Ha ha ha! At last, I can pollute in peace. I will radio we are heading home. Aah! Are you all right, Ma-Ti? Aah! What is it? Heart! I hear cries for help... from somewhere deep in the ocean. Gi: If sea creatures are in danger, I must go to their rescue. Be careful, Gi. Who knows what is down there? Don't worry. When it comes to the ocean, I am totally at home. This is terrible! The plants and fish are dying from all this garbage and toxic waste. Ahh! I think I've found the source. No life could survive these levels of pollution. What kind of twisted mind would think up something like this? What do we have here? Looks like one of those goody two-shoes Planeteers is spying on your secret dump site, Mr. Sludge. Very good, Ooze. 3 guesses what I'm going to do about it. Um...oh! Oh! Heh heh heh! Send out your mechanical Octo-Masher to scare her off, and, um, um, ah -- Good guess. While you're draining the rest of your brain, that's exactly what I'll do. I don't take kindly to trespassers. [ Clicking ] Wait! The reading is getting even stronger. There must be heavy metals down here. Oh! Aah! Aah! Ma-Ti! What is it? Gi! Gi! Uh! No! Let me go! Planeteer alert! Mayday! Mayday! Ha ha ha ha! Good work, Octo-Masher. That'll scare her. Enough pleasure, Ooze. We have work to do. Ohh, I'm gonna miss the good stuff. Aah! Help! Ahh! Sea creatures... in danger! I must help! Oh, you're all right! I was worried. You -- You're not a sea creature. Ha ha! Well, in a way I am, since I live under the sea. I don't understand. Where am I? How did I get here? After I rescued you from that 8-legged metal monster, a manta ray and I brought you here. You are in the underwater city of Oceanus. Underwater city? That is... impossible! Difficult, but not impossible. Our city is protected by a dome of thick glass made from sea sand. Special generators remove oxygen from the seawater and pump it into our dome. We harvest all kinds of kelp and seaweed. Everything we need to have a good life is here. My name is Pontis. I'm a marine biologist, and this is my lab. I'm Gi, and I'm a marine biologist, too. Seas, lakes, and rivers are my life. I used to dream about a place like this. It is...paradise. Yes...but soon it may be nothing more than a dream. This is the north end of the city. Only a few months ago, it was the home of wondrous creatures. Now look at it. Your people are destroying it with their poisons. [ Rumbling ] [ People screaming ] Those screams! They must be the cries Ma-Ti heard. What is wrong? The same poisons that kill the sea life are eating through the dome around Oceanus. If something isn't done soon, it will burst, and our city will be crushed under tons of water. Sly Sludge must be behind this. Take me to the surface. My friends and I will stop him! No! You must not tell anyone about Oceanus. But why? Our city has been a secret for thousands of years. We have sworn an oath never to contact outsiders. I have already disobeyed our laws by bringing you here. My friends are the Planeteers. We have dedicated our lives to protecting the planet. Together, we will make things right. Pontis: No! You must not. I am sorry, Gi, but we must go and talk to the elders. Ma-Ti: This must be the source of pollution Gi was telling me about. But where is Gi? There is no sign of her. Yes, there is. Without her tank, she would only have minutes. It is not true! I have this feeling she is still alive. Heart! Are you picking up anything? Pollution everywhere. I cannot get through. I wish... We all love Gi, Ma-Ti, but if something happened, we cannot wish her back. I bet Sludge did this, and he's gonna pay the price. Well, well. Those planet punks are all here. Get my pollution-powered submarine. It's time for some underwater underhandedness. Gi: But you must let me go to my friends and stop the creep who is polluting your waters! Let me call them. We know all about your pollution, my dear -- how the land-dwellers foul the air, destroy the land, and poison the water. We watch you constantly. Yes, but some of us are trying to make things better. Not enough of you, I'm afraid. That is how it is with land people. 10,000 years ago, our ancestors developed an advanced society in our undersea world. The land-dwellers will perish by their own doing. We will remain because we do not pollute. But your dome is failing. You will perish, too, without our help. Our scientists will make the dome resistant to your destruction. We will find a way to purify our waters of the land-people's poisons. But -- The Council of Elders has made its decision. You must never contact your friends. To ensure our secret spreads no further, you will remain in Oceanus forever. [ Rumbling ] Linka: And now back to "Captain Planet." Linka: This sure looks like Sludge's plumbing, and it leads up toward the shore. Maybe we can follow the pipes and surprise him. I think the surprise is on us. Launch the trick torpedo. Swim for it, guys! And now, to detonate the torpedo. [ Shouting ] Now I know how fish feel. I'm sure you'll find your new home very cozy. [ Rat squeaking ] Yeah! The rats seem to like it. Ha ha ha! Okay, Sludge. Tell us what you did with Gi! Oh, I'm afraid your friend had a close encounter with my Octo-Masher. And we haven't seen her since. I'll get you for this, Sludge! Fire! Ha ha ha! I don't think so. With your wrists chained, your fire power can't touch me. And even if you  could get loose, there's a 1,000-foot drop to that acid moat down there. But enough small talk. I've got a customer who's looking for a place to ditch thousands of gallons of toxic wastes. I'm hooking him up to my secret polluting pipeline. Ciao. That dumb customer thinks everything we do here is legal. We're geniuses! Ow! We cannot let Sludge get away with this. We must call Captain Planet. We cannot -- not without Gi. There's got to be some way to stop Sludge. If we could only get loose! Uh! Maybe you can bounce your fire power off the ceiling and melt your chains. Maybe. I hope I can pull this off. Fire! Boy. Am I hot, or what? Yow! Linka: Ouch! Take it easy, Wheeler. Our leashes are off, but we're still in the doghouse. Let me shake things up a little. Earth! Hey! Ouch! Time-out, Kwame! Nice job! We got a door, but... It sure is a long way down. Great. Now what do we do -- fly? If you spent more time being wise than being a wiseguy, maybe we would find a solution. What's that supposed to mean? That you are full of hot air. If you would stop arguing, you would realize you bo found the solution. We can fly with hot air and a balloon made of blankets. Ooze: The tanker truck is all hooked up, Mr. Sludge. The toxic wastes are flowing into your pipeline. Ha ha ha! Sludge: What a scam. And the customer pays for leg dumping. Wheeler: Fire! Linka: Wind! Okay, now! Kwame: We are floating -- barely. More fire! More wind! This is not a nice place for a swim. See what happens when we work together? I hear you, Linka. Now, what's our next move? We are going for a little ride. What's so bad about staying in this paradise, Gi? I-I'm not bad company. It's not you, Pontis. I have my duties as a Planeteer. Besides, this paradise may not last. Don't worry. My people have always solved their problems by themselves. You'll see. [ Rumbling ] Pontis: The dome -- it's cracking! I must try to stop the leak! Gi, wait! [ People screaming ] I-I hear the cries again! Heart! The vibrations grow stronger. Thousands of people in grave danger. We must find them! Which way, Ma-Ti? Down! They are below us. No way, Ma-Ti. They've been underwater too long. Maybe Gi is down there. Well then, what are we waiting for? Dive! Wheeler: There's nothing below us but solid rock. Wait! I-I see a passageway. [ Radar pinging ] Some kind of hidden tunnel in the ocean floor. Wow! I can't believe what I'm seeing. I see it, too -- an underwater city. Ma-Ti: This must be where the cries for help are coming from. Wheeler: That looks like an entrance. Let's check it out. Kwame, full speed ahead. I've got to try to keep the dome from bursting. Water! [ People screaming ] Aah! Aah! Aah! Gi! Fire! Aah! Give that girl a 10! You're okay! It's good to see you. Am I glad to see you! This is Pontis. He saved my life. Now we must save the city. We need Captain Planet. Let our powers combine. Earth! Fire! Wind! Water! Heart! By your powers combined, I am Captain Planet! All: Go, Planet! Yay! Outstanding! Yay! All right! Time for a quick patch job. First, a little sand. This oughta stir things up. And now, let's turn up the heat. Making glass from molten sand gives it the Captain Planet seal of approval. All: Go, Planet! We've got to stop Sly Sludge, Captain Planet. His pollution pipeline nearly destroyed the city. Hasn't he learned his lesson yet? First, for a little re-plumbing. I'm mad... ...and I'm "knot" going to take it anymore. Brr! Now I need to find somewhere safe to put those poisons -- and I think I see a pollution solution. Whoa there, boy! Well, I don't mean to be flip. This is a cleanup job that could take years, but I'm going to give it a good head start. Come on. There you go. Fill her up. You take this waste back to your boss and tell him to dispose of it safely. What's this? Something's wrong with my pollution meter. What the... Yaah! I-I think we have a clog in the pipes, sir. Yaah! The toxic wastes are backing up! She's gonna blow! Eh, shall I get the plunger? No, you idiot. Run! Yaah! I got to go on a diet. We're never gonna make it! Was it twice right or once left past zero? You bumbling fool! Yow! There. Thanks, boss. Now I got it. Faster, before we're wasted by our own toxic waste! Aah! Row for it! Oh, I hope your insurance is paid up, sir. Oh, my illegal disposal plant! It got trashed! Whoa! I hate to rehash the trash, sly, but if you're going to make a mess, you're going to have to clean it up. Now move! Yaah! Councilwoman: We bestow upon you, Planeteers, these medals of bravery for saving our city and teaching us that we cannot hide ourselves from the rest of the planet. We are all tied together in the Earth's ecosystem. Each of us is one link in the chain of survival. We are proud to have helped you. And I am proud to be made a Planeteer. I promise to patrol the oceans and keep them safe from polluters -- with the help of my new mechanical friend, of course. Ha ha ha! Okay, Planeteers. Time to head back to Hope Island. Are you sure you won't stay here in the place of your dreams? I can't, Pontis -- at least, not until the rest of our planet is as beautiful and clean as Oceanus. But I'm going scuba-diving on Saturday -- around noon, if you happen to be swimming my way. Wheeler: We'll be right back with more Planeteer action! All: We're back! Go, Planet! Go, Planet! Kwame: Don't they see all that trash they are leaving behind? Why don't they pick it up? Because they think someone else will do it. Now they know that trash does not go away by itself. We all have to do our part. Do not be part of the pollution. Be part of the solution. When it's trash time, can it. The power is yours! Earth! Fire! Wind! Water! Heart! All: Go, Planet! By your powers combined, I am Captain Planet! * Captain Planet * He's our hero * Gonna take pollution down to zero * * He's our powers magnified * And he's fighting on the planet's side * * Captain Planet * He's our hero * Gonna take pollution down to zero * * Gonna help him put asunder * Bad guys who like to loot and plunder * You'll pay for this, Captain Planet! * We're the Planeteers, you can be one, too * * 'Cause saving our planet is the thing to do * * Looting and polluting is not the way * * Hear what Captain Planet has to say * The power is yours! ** 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 