Captain Planet and the Planeteers: Season 1, Episode 14 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Captain Planet and the Planeteers 
 s1e14 - Meltdown Syndrome - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Captain Planet and the Planeteers (1990–1996): Season 1, Episode 14 - Meltdown Syndrome - full transcript 
 Duke Nukem enters a nuclear power plant with a radiation-leak while the manager is seeing reporters instead of repairing it. He breaks into the machinery and prepares to trigger a meltdown to give himself strength. The Planeteers arrive to stop him, but Dr. Borzon mistakes them for more reporters and locks them in a cramped room full of radiation where their rings don't work. They need Captain Planet to prevent Nukem's creating a worldwide fallout, but first must save themselves and regain their powers. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Our world is in peril. Gaia, the spirit of the Earth, can no longer stand  the terrible destruction plaguing our planet. She sends five magic rings  to five special young people -- Kwame from Africa,  with the power of Earth. [ Sirens wailing ] From North America -- Wheeler,  with the power of fire. ** From the Soviet Union -- Linka,  with the power of wind. From Asia -- Gi,  with the power of water. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 ** And from South America --  Ma-Ti, with the power of heart. When the five powers combine, they summon  Earth's greatest champion -- Captain Planet! All: Go, Planet! Captain Planet: The power is yours! Woman: We are outside the world's newest nuclear power plant. In a moment, we'll be interviewing the chief engineer -- Dr. Borzon. Computer: Danger.  Radiation in  cooling system... Another radiation -- Why couldn't they build this as perfectly as I designed it? Danger, danger. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Radiation  in cooling system. Just when I have to give a tour to that snoopy TV reporter. I'll turn off the alarms and fix it later. Alarm system  stopped, but danger  not fixed... Stop nagging. I'll fix it as soon as I can. Aha! There's another nuclear power plant starting up, and it's already leaking. Leadsuit: Hey, Mr. Nukem, come here. They're talking about it on television. You say  this totally  automated plant is the safest  in the world? That's the way  I designed it. We even have state-of-the-art security systems. Nothing can go wrong. Ha! It already has. Duke Nukem's instruments never lie. What about rumors that the plant has developed  several radiation leaks? Nonsense. If there were any leaks, all those red lights would be flashing. You're a liar. Your plant leaks like a sieve. And I'll make a feast of your leaky radiation. Leadsuit: It's a big one, Mr. Nukem. You'll get your fill of radioactivity if we get in. Don't be a leadhead. I'll just zap the security system. Dr. Borzon said nothing can go wrong. Well, watch this. [ Alarm blaring ] Computer: Danger.  Security system  malfunctioning. Just what I needed -- another breakdown. Warning.  Radiation leak  in cooling system. You still  haven't fixed it. I'll get to it. I'm only human. Ahh. We're getting close to the leak. Don't dawdle, Leadhead. Leadsuit, sir. Whatever. Dig those radioactive neutrons. They really give me a charge. Leadsuit: Radiation's rising, boss. Time to catch some rays -- gamma rays, that is. Ha ha! [ Cackles ] Gaia: Planeteers, to the crystal chamber. Gi: What is happening, Gaia? There's a disaster in the making at the nuclear power plant, Planeteers. There's enough radiation leaking to fry an egg in its shell. Gi: We saw that plant on the news. It's supposed to be 100% safe. Nothing is absolutely safe, especially when nuclear power and human error are involved. If a nuclear disaster happened, this could be our future -- a mutated, radioactive Earth... ...where people survive only by wearing radiation suits. We've got to stop that leak. And we better do it fast before Duke Nukem finds out. It would be awful if people really had to wear these suits all the time. Radiation poisoning would be worse. Radiation can cause terrible sickness, like cancer. Linka: And the trouble with radioactivity is you cannot see it or feel it until it is too late. At least we will know where it is with this Geiger counter. Wheeler: Uh-oh. The Nukemobile. Borzon: That will stop the radiation leak. Now I'll put the system online and make sure everything is working. Wheeler: Looks like Duke Nukem beat us to it. Kwame: And he left a trail of radiation. He must have broken in there. Stand guard, Mr. Nukem says. Hmm, that's crazy. This place is deserted. It is Leadsuit. Duke Nukem must be close. Let's find out. Planeteers. Where's the Duke, Leadbrain? [ Gulps ] Uh, he's in there. It figures. He's going for the fastest nuclear fix he can find. You stay in here while we take care of Duke Nukem. But I -- I'm scared of the dark. If you were smart, you'd be more scared of your boss. Come on, Planeteers. Let us get the drop on that radioactive renegade. Duke: Ahh. Ahh. Ahh. Well, if it isn't the Planeteers. Why don't you grab a rod and go fishin'? Nuclear "fission." Get it? [ Chuckles ] Spare us the bad jokes. The game is over, Nukem. On the contrary. It's just beginning. What's the matter, Planeteers? The Duke's gamma rays too much for you? [ Clicking rapidly ] The rod is too hot. Our suits cannot handle it much longer. Back outside, Planeteers. This'll speed you on your way. Wind. Whoa! Ha! Nice try, blowhard. Ready or not, here I come. He'll save me. He'll save me not. Oops. Help! Fire! Water! Didn't your mother ever tell you not to play with matches? [ Breathing heavily ] Chort vozmi! It is hard to run with this heavy suit on. You should try it... carrying a Geiger counter. [ Breathing heavily ] Ma-Ti: Duke Nukem is coming. It is time for teamwork. Let our powers combine. Earth! Fire! Wind. Water. Heart. By your powers combined, I am Captain Planet. All: Go, Planet! Uh-oh. I see old Glow-in-the-Dark Nukem is up to his hazardous high jinks. Watch out behind you, Captain Planet. Hyah! Let's see you dodge my gamma rays, Planet. Look out, Captain Planet. Whoa! Captain Planet: Ah, just what I needed -- a Duke-catcher. Time to corral this cancer-causing creep. Aah! Don't fence me in. Just putting you where you belong, Nukem... behind bars. Get away. Stand back, Planeteers. This cooling rod is full of radiation. We have to put it back in the storage vault where it can't harm anyone. Any volunteers? Count me out. 8, 9, 10. You're out! Now, pick up that rod and get going. [ Sighs ] Captain Planet, look at the reactor. Gi: Radioactive steam -- it's heading toward the city. Planet: Don't worry. I'll handle it. You guys make sure Leadhead puts that cooling rod back. Lead on, Leadsuit. This lead and cement mixture will patch the leak. Now to catch that carcinogenic cloud. Time to bust a little radioactive dust. Play one of the best new FPS shooters, search Steam for PROJECT WARLOCK Now to send this little time bomb to the heart of the sun, where it can burn up safely. Planet -- out of the stretch. Here's the pitch. Fastball -- low and inside. Strike one. I'm heading back to the bench. The power is yours. Looks like a wild pitch to me, Captain Planet. This game is far from over. Borzon: There. I finally fixed the broken security system. Computer: Danger.  Intruders in Sector 17. Those must be more reporters spying on me. Danger. Intruders have entered  cooling-rod storage vault. I don't want any bad press. It might hurt my career. I'll keep the reporters under wraps until I get all the leaks fixed. Oh, no. Let us out! Stand back. I'm going to burn our way out of here. Fire! It's no use. Our rings won't work in here. The radiation leak must be getting worse. We are trapped. Aha! There's the nuclear reactor. Time to heat things up. Computer: Danger.  Reactor overload. Meltdown. Meltdown. No! [ Planeteers talking at once ] Planeteers, we must get out of here. But our rings will not work. The reactor's out of control. I got to get out of here before it blows. Oh, no. I forgot about those reporters. I've got to let them out. Nothing's happening. Drat it! I'll have to let them out myself. I can't let them die there. They don't have to die. They could become like me. You're going to blow us up. Precisely. I'm going to melt this nuclear power plant right into the ground. Who -- Who are you? Wh-What are you? Duke Nukem -- Radiation King, at your service. As for what I am... ...the ignorant call me a mutant. I prefer to think of myself as the future of mankind, and I could use a guy like you on my team. You can be a leader of the nuclear age. Unlimited power, all the neutrons you can eat. Are you with me or against me? Scientists don't take sides. Scientists aren't supposed to lie, either, but you do. You're my kind of guy, Doc. Maybe I was, but I'm not now, not after meeting you. Perhaps I can change your mind. Come with me. * My name is Duke Nukem * * I'm a nuclear shark * * I'm hotter than Elvis * * And I glow in the dark * Nothing like a hot radioactive shower to make you feel like a million volts, eh, Doc? Sure you won't join me? No, thanks. Take your time. Wheeler: Hey, Leadsuit, why don't you clean up your act and come work with us? No way. When Duke Nukem takes over the world, I'm going to be second in command. And you and your Captain Planet can't stop us. Borzon: Come on. There's a mutant maniac loose. The plant is going to blow. We're out of here. Oh, my. They're getting away. I've got to warn Mr. Nukem. Well, Doc, you're awfully quiet over there. Duke, Duke, the doc let the Planeteers go. And I thought he and I were pals. We've got to stop those Planeteers before they call up Captain Goody-Goody. No running in the halls. Ha ha ha! Back off, Nukem. I'm warning you. Oh, boy. Dueling death rays. Choke on this, planetoid brat. Fire! Get out of here. I'll hold him off. Let me give you a hand. Water! You're getting my Hawaiian shirt all wet. Leadsuit: Duke, they're getting away. [ Alarm blaring ] Can we do anything to stop this nuclear plant from blowing up? It's -- It's too late. Hurry. Everybody out. Hold this, Ma-Ti. I am going to slow Duke Nukem down. There. That will hold him for a moment, long enough for us to call Captain Planet. Whoa! Aah! Whoa! Whoa! Let our powers combine. Earth. Fire! Wind! Water! Heart! By your powers combined, I am Captain Planet. All: Go, Planet! Has our radioactive Duke been acting up again? Worse than ever. He is causing a meltdown. Uh-oh. Disaster time. You said it, Planet. Taste the rejuvenated nuclear powers of the Grand Duke! Can't we settle this peacefully, Nukem? Sure, Captain Planet. I'll blast you to pieces. Oh, this is getting old. How dare you trash my Nukemobile? I just had it painted. Take this, Planet. I knew I shouldn't have made that fender out of lead. Take a dive, Duke. Bye-bye. Aah! Oh! Aah! I need some way to keep these two out of action. We have lead foil in the storage room behind that wall. I like your prescription, Doctor. You'll pay for this, Planet. Aw, don't be mad, Dukie. I've always thought of you as royalty. That's why I'm giving you the lead carpet treatment. [ Duke growling ] That should keep you under wraps. Now I've got a meltdown to stop. Wow. This is worse than I thought. I'm going to have to cool off this time bomb by changing into liquid nitrogen. If my big chill doesn't work, this'll be worse than Chernobyl and Three Mile Island put together. That did it. But now I have to get rid of these fast. It's too late, Captain Planet. You can't stop the meltdown. Wrong again, Nuclear Noggin. That's strike 2. And here's strike 3. There's the heater, right down the center. You're out, Nukem. The game's over, and you lose. But what will we do for power? There is a safer way to get it. Geothermal power -- power from the heat of the Earth's core. No radiation. Gi is right. And you won't have to worry about nuclear terrorists like Duke Nukem. You win the battle, Planet, but you haven't won the war. The world's still full of nuclear power plants and nuclear warheads. There will be other accidents. I will have my day. Then everyone will be like me. [ Laughing sinisterly ] Not while I'm here to stop you, Nukem, and not while there are kids like these in the world to help me. If I drill a hole down to the lava layer -- I can build a geothermal plant. It's a deal, Captain Planet. Pardon me while I go for a spin. [ All cheering ] The power is yours. Yay, Captain Planet! Yay! Yay! Can I take off my radiation suit now? With Captain Planet's help, you may never have to wear one again. You must be very happy, Dr. Borzon. Your geothermal plant is a great success. Thank you. I'd like to dedicate this plant to those who really made it possible, to Captain Planet and the Planeteers. May they continue to show us how to keep the world safe for everyone. [ All cheering ] Planeteers: Go, Planet! Captain Planet: We all take energy for granted, but power has its price. Gaia: Think about it. When you turn on your lights or stereo, you're using up energy. But you are also using up Earth's resources and contributing to pollution. We need energy, but we also need to use it wisely. Don't waste it. Turn off the lights and TV when you are not in the room. The little things you do at home can make a big difference for our planet. The power to save power is yours. Earth! Fire! Wind! Water! Heart! All: Go, Planet! By your powers combined, I am Captain Planet! * Captain Planet * He's our hero * Gonna take pollution down to zero * * He's our powers magnified * And he's fighting on the planet's side * * Captain Planet * He's our hero * Gonna take pollution down to zero * * Gonna help him put asunder * Bad guys who like to loot and plunder * You'll pay for this, Captain Planet! * We're the Planeteers, you can be one, too * * 'Cause saving our planet is the thing to do * * Looting and polluting is not the way * * Hear what Captain Planet has to say * The power is yours! ** 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 