The Greatest Love: Season 1, Episode 9 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 The Greatest Love 
 s1e9 - Episode #1.9 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 The Greatest Love (2011–…): Season 1, Episode 9 - Episode #1.9 - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Ae-jeong. My heart doesn't beat faster because of you anymore. Why? I don't have butterflies in my stomach because of you anymore. Why? There is just one answer to all this. What would it be? Then... You don't like me anymore? Ding dong. It was an after-effect of my surgery from ten years ago. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 My whole face nearly disappeared from embarrassment, but I recovered! I'm all recovered. Do you really feel nothing? Yes. The moment I found out that it was all because of that song, my heart woke from the trance. That's great, right? I need to check to see if it's true. -What are you doing? -Stay still. Your heart is beating, though. I'd die if it's not. Thump, thump, thump. It's beating very normally. It's not beating like crazy like before. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 I think it is, a little. So stop rubbing yourself on me. Even if my heart is back to normal, if you rub your body on me like this... Hey, Ae-jeong. Are you disappointed about this? You're feeling pretty bummed that my heart is beating normally instead of beating like crazy, right? That hurt. What was that for? I came because I was worried about the weak azalea you talked about. It's a relief it's fine. Gosh, she's so strong. But are there other medical cases of the heart reacting to a song that was played during surgery ten years later? Isn't that strange? It's not strange, it's unfair. I shaved my mustache and beard because I was fooled into thinking I liked you. And I lost so much weight. I feel so wronged. I'm sorry about that. Well, it does make more sense than magical or sexual powers. I've never heard of such a strange thing. Someone's heart responding to a song they heard during a heart surgery... My goodness. But that heart was perfectly normal for the last ten years. Why would it suddenly respond to this song now? It is strange. This song was something I turned on to cheer the heart on to beat faster when it was about to stop beating. What if that heart needs to hear this song again to beat faster? I need to see the test results for Jin's heart from last time. Bring that to me. CHUNYEONG CLINIC Well, I have something strange to ask you. Could you please tell me if it makes sense to you as a doctor? -Okay. -The heart... The heart... The heart beats faster for some reason. When that happens after seeing someone, could it be mistaken for liking the person? Are you asking whether external factors that cause your heart to beat fast be mistaken for love? It's strange, right? Love can't be mistaken, right? I think you could. I've read a research that when people see someone of the opposite sex while having a faster heartbeat after running or riding a roller coaster, they feel much more attracted to them. So you can actually mistake it for love? If an external factor that raises your heart rate continues, it would be possible. AE-HWAN Your song "Heartbeat" made my heart beat faster. So you could mistake it for love if that external factor keeps affecting you. That's really unfair. We're going ahead with the commercials. I won't let anything unfair happen again. Right. You were mistaken about something, right? What? I thought she had leverage on you and she was using it. It's gone now. I was surprised that I was someone who could be used, but it turned out to be wrong. So you absolutely can't be in love with Ae-jeong, right? Who is it? Who made up such a rumor? I'm going to sue them. Was it you? I was so out of my mind that I wasn't in control of the people around me. I have to take care of this before rumors spread. I feel bad for Jin. He totally got rejected by Ae-jeong. Don't show that you know. Anyone who spreads rumors will get sued. -I knew Ms. Moon was on my side. -Jin would do that for sure. To be honest, I found the situation quite amusing. You too? I had to listen to him bossing people around like a complete tyrant. I felt angry about it sometimes, too. Imagine how bad it was for me! Jin thought the world revolved around him until now. But he got rejected by a woman. Ae-jeong did a great job. Jin doesn't know about this, but Ae-jeong's family doesn't like him much, either. Poor Jin. No, it's great. -Is it good? -Yes. Now, tell me about your family. What exactly are they saying about me? Hey, Ding Dong. Seven-year-olds can babble about things without thinking about other people's feelings. Just tell me what you heard, okay? It's fine. -"Dokgo Jin is an asshole." -That's enough! I got it. Mister. Do you want to be stuck to Auntie like this? I thought I did, but not now. I thought I was being pulled to her by some great force, but it's gone. There's no force now. See? It doesn't stick. It sticks. I won't be dragged along anymore. Hyeong-gyu, why are you watching TV here? Come on, let's go. No, I'm going to watch some more. Hyeong-gyu, don't make me scold you. Come on. Just let him be. There's a 3D Monkey King popping out in front of his eyes. How can he not stay and watch? Come here, let me talk to you. Come on. Look. There is a rumor going around that I'm chasing after you while you reject me and try to get away from me. Fix that. It's true, though. I can't let this continue. It's too embarrassing. My situation is the opposite now. I'm going to go my own way. Hey, doing this makes you come to me. That's crazy. Why go after someone who turned their back? Ae-jeong. Are you attracted to me? You are, aren't you? What are you talking about? I was talking about the magnets. You're getting pulled toward me like the magnet after hearing that I'm not interested in you, right? Don't compare me to that magnet. Then... why don't we put this on you and check again? -Why would I do that? -I'm curious too. Let's put this on and check. Come on, here. I don't want to. Seeing how you're refusing, you're really attracted to me, aren't you? You're attracted to me. You're really attracted to me! Let's go, Hyeong-gyu! Ae-jeong is really attracted to me. Hyeong-gyu, let's go. Ae-jeong is attracted to me. Too bad, I'm not interested in you anymore. Hyeong-gyu, get up. Let's go. It's almost over. Hey, Ding Dong. Finish watching that. You can watch the episodes after that, too. Bye, Ae-jeong. I'm going to stay peaceful within my 60 to 90 range. That embarrassing one-sided love is yours. -Are you that happy about it? -Yes. I feel like all the embarrassment I felt is disappearing now. Just admit that it's right before you go so my pride gets fully restored, too. You're attracted to me, right? Too bad. I’ll never admit it so that you’ll never recover from your shame. Hyeong-gyu, I'm really going to leave now. Get up right now. Come on! Get up. Hurry up! Leave those glasses here. Okay. Ae-jeong is attracted to me. She's attracted to Dokgo Jin. Even though Ae-jeong shook me up, my heart rate is still at 88. And now she's the one attracted to me. Gosh, what a pity. Oh, I feel so sorry for her. Recovered! All better! Happy! Oh, gosh. Pil-joo. It's my fault for forcing you to go on TV when you said you didn't want to. You can go to China and study like you wanted to. I won't try to stop you anymore. No, I will do what you've told me to do. -I'm not going. -Is it because of Ae-jeong? I'm never going to allow that! Since you're sincerely trying to stop me, I guess my feelings seemed sincere. That article about you and Ae-jeong makes me so embarrassed I can't even go to my usual gatherings. I can't even go golfing. I'm going to become a total loner because of you. I'll hang out with you. According to this medical chart, Ae-jeong's house should be here. I heard she's living in a palace her Yakuza boyfriend had built for her. I can only stop Pil-joo if I go in there myself and get evidence to show him. You have reached your destination. What? What is this? Where is that palace? My goodness. What are you doing here? Is this where Ae-jeong lives? Yes. This is where her family lives, and she lives somewhere else with someone else, right? Ae-jeong and our family has all been living here for the past seven years. And there isn't anyone else! This is bad. Someone with a shady secret would be easier to separate from Pil-joo. It's more difficult to get rid of a poor person. What did she just say? "Poor"? So everything I did until now was because of the side effects of my heart surgery. You both understood, right? So don't get the wrong idea. I can’t believe that could happen. You just confused Ae-jeong for no reason. I have to take care of everything the pathetic asshole Dokgo Jin did until now. Just continue with that commercial contract with Kang Se-ri. Good. That's a relief. Thanks for coming back to us. And also, tell Ae-jeong to do that shoe donation charity event. Why? You like showing off things like that. Like you said, I caused trouble for Ae-jeong. I'm doing that to make it up to her. It'll help with her bad reputation if she makes that donation. Okay, I'll get her to do it. But her bad reputation will get better while she's with Pil-joo, so you don't need to worry. All right. Then tell that doctor to join her. I won't have to ride the van for a while. So tell Ae-jeong that she can use it in the time being. She'll probably ride that van to go on dates with that doctor. That's good. She'll look decent in front of him. Tell her she can ride it with him if she needs to. We'll do our best in the spin-off about Ae-jeong and Pil-joo's real date. Yes, do your best. It's a great chance for Ae-jeong. Oh, right. You can't tell Mr. Yun that she's going to accept him, okay? We need to get a realistic reaction of him getting surprised. Okay. Oh, my. Mr. Gu. Are you crying? Ae-jeong is going to appear in her own show for the first time in ten years. She got criticized for everything during the last ten years, and her idiot of a brother couldn't do anything for her as a manager. This show is really important to me as a manager, but as Ae-jeong's brother, I want to ask you to help her end up with such a decent man. Goodness, it's dripping. Don't cry. Stop crying. You're a man,. Don't cry like that. Stop crying. It's the first time since I became Ae-jeong's manager that the air in a broadcast station felt so refreshing. I haven't been in a broadcast station in so long. It's nice here. Should I follow Ae-jeong from now on? I could keep an eye on Se-ri, too. Really? Then when we get married, should we change roles? I could run the restaurant. No! I'll take care of her restaurant. What are you doing? Don't interrupt. Why are you here? I'm here because of Jin's special, Jenny. Ae-jeong is releasing an album now, and doing a variety show. If she just does some acting now, it'll be a triple crown. She's not Lee Seung-gi, you know. It's really Lee Seung-gi! Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello! I'm a huge fan of yours. -Can I have a handshake? -Sure. Nice to meet you. -Thank you. -Well, then. Wait a minute. You're wearing the same scarf. It's the same one. You're right. Thank you. He has great manners, and he's nice, too. He's just like what he seems on TV. You're right. He's really kind and friendly, even when he's a top celebrity. He's totally different from Jin. When I first saw Jin, I was fooled into thinking he was that kind, too. Is this something anyone can just wear? -It's a limited edition-- -Anyone can wear this. I'm not wearing something like this. Hello. Hi. -Seung-gi. -Yes. That show you're hosting, Steel Heart. Invite Ae-jeong on the show, she's in my agency as well. The writers and producers choose the guests. I can't do anything. Come on, you're a pro. I know you'll have your way if you keep insisting. Are you not even at that level yet? Well, since you asked for it, I'll try to discuss it with the team. But is this so important that I have to insist? If you do this for me, I won't mess with your refrigerator commercial. The refrigerator commercial? I'm Lee Seung-gi. Even if you're my senior, you're not in the position to steal my commercials whenever you want. I've always kept my commercials, and I'll always keep them. Don't you dare enter my safe zone. All right, I won't. So go to your show and insist that Ae-jeong should be on your show. Refrigerator. No. -It's Seung-gi! -Oh, my gosh! I can't believe it. One, two, three. -Hello. -Jin. Your face is so small. -Thank you. -Okay, it's a deal. Yes, we're so popular. -It's nice to meet you. -Thank you. BOOKS ABOUT RELATIONSHIPS HOW TO WIN HER AFFECTION Would studying be helpful? PUTTING MEDICINE ON YOUR HEART HOW TO WIN HER AFFECTION "Express what you want to do together with gifts." "A gift." I'm not sure what I should suggest doing together. Would she like it if I asked to go take photos together? Your girlfriend will like it. There's a function that makes your face look smaller and brighter. She doesn't need that function. She already looks bright and pretty. He got you invited to Steel Heart, and he even told you to do the charity event. He even said you could use the van whenever you want. I thought Jin was over you. Is he starting again? This seems pretty serious to me. That asshole is always unpredictable. Should I go and talk to him? You're not good at stuff like that. Then should I go give him a piece of my mind? No way, you could really get sued for it. What do we do, then? He might keep acting like this. I should go and ask him what he's trying to do. He's so annoying. You're lying. -What? -You shouldn't lie. -What's wrong with this thing? -You're lying. -You shouldn't lie. -Maybe it's out of batteries. The sound is smaller than before. Stop playing with toys like this. This is so irritating. I'm back to normal now. My heart rate never goes over the 60 to 90 range. Look. It's 88 right now. Very healthy. I called you because I was worried that your artificial heart couldn't control the heart rate. It's a relief, then. Anyway, since you said you actually felt pain, you should still get tested. No, there's no need. It was all because of the hypnosis. Are you sure that you felt it because your heart beat from hypnosis? -Of course. -Your heart could've beaten faster because you liked that person, instead of the other way around. Are you sure which came first? Going to the hospital just made me feel more uneasy. All right. Iron Man's artificial heart... My heart beats faster What? Why did that song pop out? -What is it? -Why did you do that? Did your heart change its mind? Are you saying you like me again? Is it something like that? I see that you're disappointed, but that's not true. Then why? I did it because I feel uneasy, grateful, and sorry for you. About what? I feel uneasy about how I asked you out, grateful that you rejected me, and I feel sorry that you're attracted to me now, when I don't feel the same. The smart Dokgo Jin is taking care of the mess that the pathetic Dokgo Jin made. I did it to make up for the mess, so don't feel burdened by it. Really? You really are smart. Wait. What is it now? I can't leave because I'm attracted to you. -What? -You're right. I feel disappointed that the pathetic asshole Dokgo Jin doesn't like me anymore, and I'm attracted to this smart Dokgo Jin who's rejecting me. I admit it. Ae-jeong. You said you'd never admit it. Why are you startling me by suddenly admitting it? Just give me 10 seconds of your time. I want to see if you're really not going to go over that safe range. Are you really attracted to me? Yes. Now that I'm standing close to you, I want to stick to you like a magnet. Did you do that since you thought it was unfair? You can't even stick to me properly. Just go. When you were trying to stick to me, were you really thinking of sticking to me properly? Were you thinking of staying with me until the end, without separating? I guess that heart turned its back on its own without you having to think about all the complex and realistic issues. You said it's an artificial heart, right? It's really smart. This thing beat like crazy, so I couldn't even think about the complex and realistic issues. Right? So Jin really did turn his back? He says so. He seems to be in a terrific mood since yesterday. Why did he shake her up like that if he was going to turn his back and be in such a good mood? He made Ae-jeong feel uncomfortable about going to Pil-joo. Wasn't it decided that she was going to accept him? Right. If we're going to make them a couple for sure, I should set up the mood for them. Okay, I'll head over to your restaurant for dinner. All right. I guess it's nice to have someone to help out like this. It was hard trying to ask her to have dinner together today. Calm down. I'll make more mistakes if I don't get a grip. Next patient, please. Dr. Yun, Ms. Kang is here. Se-ri? I didn't know you were the next patient. Don't I look really weak and pale? You do. I overused the medicine from before. I felt so stuffy inside and this medicine helped empty out my inside. You shouldn't do that. Let me see. You feel weak, don't you? Are there any other symptoms? No matter how hard you look, you'll never know why I'm sick. I'm not such an incompetent doctor. You know what a bad reputation Ae-jeong has. If you're with her, you'll just get hated along with her. Are you still going to do it? If I show people that I sincerely like her, people might begin to like her as well, don't you think? You know she like someone else, right? I'm hoping that things will work out somehow if I like her more. It really hurts to see the person you have feelings for like someone else. You're supposed to be a doctor, and you don't even have a countermeasure. He's totally incompetent. Your baby's healthy, don't worry. Se-ri, could I have your autograph? I'm a huge fan. You're so pretty. I'm really enjoying your show. Se-ri... Se-ri! -Oh, no. What do we do? -What's going on? Se-ri, are you okay? Are you okay? Dr. Yun! Se-ri, are you okay? Can you get up? -Get a bed ready inside. -Okay. Ae-jeong stirred me up before leaving, but I really feel fine. Why do I feel so ashamed that this heart is so smart? Having my heart rate back to normal isn't enough. I should erase everything from the beginning. The bribe I sent to Peter. The wine made from grapes. It all started with this, so I should end things with this, too. You really are a skilled cook. -Hello. -What is all this for? What about Ae-hwan? He's looking over Hyeong-gyu's homework. Is today someday special? It's to congratulate you. There's a lot of stuff to congratulate you about these days. Someone must be your lucky charm. Lucky charm? He'll be here soon. It's about time. You prepared a lot. Your lucky charm must be here! You... I'm just a powerless manager. This is something that had a big role in making everything this way. This is the wine made from grapes that got returned after I sent it to Peter. Why did you bring this? Did you come to make up for the uneasy, grateful, and sorry stuff? I forgot one other thing. Ae-jeong, I'm... I'm sorry. Did you hear what I just said? You hear that, right? I said something. Did you hear that? "Sorry." You hear this, right? I can't hear it. Anyway, that's why I brought this. I hope this will make you recover. "Recover"? We started out with this, so opening it will let you recover. -Do you think that makes sense? -Trust me. I had strong faith, and I recovered. It will be the same for you. Sleep! I've hypnotized you. If you open the beginning and empty it, everything will end for you, too. Nice, Ae-jeong! Ae-jeong. Recovered! You're recovering. All recovered... She's... She's downing it... What are you doing? Hey, that cost 15 thousand dollars! -Ae-jeong! -Ae-jeong! I'm fully recovered now. You're about to puke since you gulped it all down without thinking. I'm never going to throw this back up. I'm going to eat and digest everything that happened between you and me and make that into crap. Ae-jeong, are you okay? Ae-jeong, are you okay? I'll get her. What do we do? I can't believe it. Mr. Dokgo. Pil-joo is going to come soon. Would you please leave? Pil-joo is a really good guy who really cares for Ae-jeong. Even when she lost something of his that was precious to him, he just bought another one and lied to her about finding it so she wouldn't feel bad. That's how much he cares for her. What? -What was that? -His pen. That pen you got after you threw it in the ball pool. Didn't Ae-jeong buy that and say she found it? No, you were mistaken. I thought over what you said. About how it hurts to see the person you like liking someone else. Does it hurt a lot to break up with Jin? If you've suffered so much that you became this weak, I guess your feelings must've been really sincere. Yes, my feelings are sincere. I didn't know they were this deep. Looking at him makes me like him even more. I'm in the same situation, so I can't tell you how to solve it. But I hope you get better. You're someone who is loved by so many people. Those people will feel sad to see you look so down. So cheer up, okay? Then stay with me a little longer. I feel more depressed if I'm alone. So just stay with me a bit longer. Okay, I'll stay for a little longer. Did you have symptoms of depression? A little. Having some tea is good for depression. I'll give you a list of teas that will make you feel better. Orange peel tea, longan tea, rose petal tea... PLUTO Ae-jeong's not in the bathroom. Did she go outside? I didn't see her. I was watching Jin leaving. Where did she go? If she drank that whole bottle, she'd be drunk right now. Call her, Jenny. Ae-jeong? Ae-jeong. Ae-jeong, what are you doing here? -Come on, please pick up. -She's not answering? -Where is she? -Why are only you two here? Ae-hwan, didn't you see Ae-jeong on the way here? No, why? She downed a whole bottle of wine, and she disappeared. Is she drunk? We're in trouble if she grabs hold of a stranger while she's drunk. Wasn't she involved in a drunk assault scandal before? Are you okay? Are you drunk? "Are you okay? Are you drunk?" What is this? "What is this?" Ae-jeong, get a grip. "Get a grip." Ae-jeong repeats other people's words when she's drunk. It was a middle-aged woman back then. Repeating her words made Ae-jeong sound rude to an elder. So she got angry and made a fuss. And Ae-jeong kept repeating her. That woman said, "Is this bitch out of her mind?" And Ae-jeong repeated the same thing. What are you two doing? Go and find her! Ae-jeong... -"Ae-jeong..." -is an idiot. "is an idiot." So you repeat other people's words when you're drunk? "Repeat..." Why didn't you explain about the pen? "Explain about the pen..." I guess you didn't trust me. "Didn't trust..." Then that time, about how you said you were never going to like me... you were really going to cancel it? "Going to cancel it..." And you brought the potatoes to give to me. "To give..." So you came to feed the fish. "You came to..." I'm sorry. -Hello. -You're here. Ae-jeong got a little drunk, and she must have gone outside. Ae-hwan and Jae-seok are looking for her right now. -Is she really drunk? -A bit... I'll look for her, too. PLUTO Ae-jeong. -Ae-jeong, are you okay? -"Are you okay?" Can you get up? How much did you drink? Do you think you can get up? Ae-jeong. You're going to hold my hand tomorrow, right? You made a promise. So Ae-jeong did come to feed you. I should've raised an animal that could talk. If I had a dog, I would have asked, "Did Ae-jeong come here?" And it would have at least barked. Why didn't you even move your mouths? Mr. Jang. About when National Treasure Girls disbanded... I'm the one who got hit, and I didn't say anything. Why did you disband our team as soon as Ae-jeong asked to, when she's the one who hit me? I'm sure there was someone helping her out secretly. The production company CEO received money from that person and just let you disband. There was someone like that helping her? Who? Would I just sit and watch if I knew? Do you think Mi-na would know? She was really close to Ae-jeong. She disappeared, remember? There are so many questions I want to ask if I find her. I want to meet her too and ask her about Ae-jeong. But I feel uneasy about a lot of things, so I don't know if I should look for her. Tell me if you find her. I'll find out Ae-jeong's secrets without causing any issues that might trouble you. Ae-jeong, take your medicine. Jenny... Pil-joo brought this over for you, saying your stomach might hurt when you wake up. He told me I should warm this up for you. He's a really nice guy. Ae-jeong. I want you to live happily without getting hurt. So even if I know why you're confused and hesitant, I'm going to pretend not to. I'm leaving. Make sure to drink that. This is killing me. It's cold. This is warm. The weather is nice. Right. Why is Jin here again? Maybe he's trying to kidnap you to stop you from doing that show. He probably came because of what I said when I was drunk yesterday. I should straighten things out with him before I go. Go first without me. Ae-jeong, you're going to come, right? I know you will. Are you okay? Your wine is really strong. Give me something to soothe my stomach. And give me a ride while you're at it. I'm going to eat this and get rid of my stomachache and headache. So don't rile me up while I'm eating. Now that I think of it, I've never sat with you somewhere until the end. You made me run away before. You never let me sit with you comfortably until the end. But that was a good thing. If I stayed instead of running out that day, we'd have been on the front page. SPORTS NEWS Then we'd have fallen to the bottom. You've already hit rock bottom, so it wouldn't have made a difference, but it would've been a disaster for me since I'm at the top. If you know that so well, you shouldn't have shown your affection so much. I liked you so much that I couldn't hide it. Did you really like me that much? Yes, I did. You saw me become the pathetic Dokgo Jin suffering from one-sided love. I'm only telling you honestly because I don't like you anymore. If my heart hadn't gone back to normal, I would really have hit rock bottom and it would've broken my heart. Why are you laughing? Are you mocking me? It's nice to hear that you didn't turn your back because I was lame. You turned your back while you still liked me. Laughing like that doesn't affect me at all. You're right. That kind of annoys me, though. I've always been someone smart who's great at mind control. What are you doing? I was checking how good you are at mind control. -Checking? -Yes. I see that you're totally unaffected. The food's here. -Enjoy your meal. -Thank you. I'm going to be as unaffected as you are after eating this. Even if my head and stomach hurts right now. Did you check all the props? What about the guests? Check on the guests, and the lighting. All right. Let's check the lighting. Make sure to check the surroundings. We can't let any spoilers get out. -Okay. Did you check everything else? -Yes. Let's begin shooting now. Get everything ready. -Block that section over there. -Okay. -Come and check this. -Okay. Pil-joo. You believe Ae-jeong's going to come, right? But I don't think she's coming today. -What? -You seem surprised. Was that a joke? I'm already nervous, don't make jokes like that. You were surprised a while ago, and now you're angry, right? Remember those feelings. Don't forget them. It'll be easy to explain later. I'll do my best at the shooting over there. Thanks for the ride. That doctor is waiting for you where you're going, right? Yes. Jin. You told me everything honestly, so I'll be honest with you as well. My heart actually fluttered a lot. After meeting you, cherry blossoms and camellia flowers and azalea flowers blossomed in my heart. But flowers wither eventually. So I felt really happy, but I was afraid to hold out my hand. I just barely made one step toward you, and fortunately, the flowers withered first. Thank you for letting me see such beautiful flowers on a nice spring day. Something is weird. My heart is beating so fast... I'll be off, then. Ae-jeong. I think something is wrong. I think I should check for myself, too. It's totally normal. Totally normal? No. It's a relief. Thanks for showing me that you really feel nothing for me. I'm sure there's something wrong. TIMER One, two, three, four. Pil-joo, the Perfect Man of Couple Making season three, gave Ae-jeong all three roses last week -to the disappointment of the others. -Okay, looks good. So pretty. He's standing here now, hoping that she'll accept his feelings. Will Ae-jeong come here tonight to accept Pil-joo's feelings? Tonight is a sweet spring night. Fifty, fifty-one, fifty-two, fifty-three, fifty-four, fifty-five, fifty-six, fifty-seven, fifty-eight, fifty-nine, sixty, sixty-one, sixty-two, sixty-three, Sixty-seven, sixty-eight, seventy... Eighty-two, eighty-three... A hundred and twenty, twenty-one, twenty-two, twenty-three... Twenty-nine, and a hundred and thirty... A hundred and thirty. Pil-joo. You feel excited and happy to start something with Ae-jeong, right? But I don't want to just keep seeing you like this, so I'm going to tell you now. Those feelings I told you to remember... That's how I feel right now. I like you, Pil-joo. Why is his expression like that? You're right. What is he looking at? -It's Ae-jeong! -She's here. Finally, the woman he has been waiting for -Turn the camera. -has arrived here. A sweet love battle on a fresh spring day. The finalist of Couple Making season three is Gu Ae-jeong. Is she making her steps toward him for a new beginning together? Or is she coming here to make a heartbreaking refusal? Her face looks flushed. Pil-joo also looks pretty nervous. Please stay on the channel, everyone. Ae-jeong has suddenly stopped in her tracks. Is she hesitating about her decision? Will that hesitation lead to a happy ending, or will it lead to a graceful goodbye? This is a tense moment. She is once again walking toward Pil-joo. What will her decision be? All right, Pil-joo is ready. Ae-jeong, make your decision. Ae-jeong... Ae-jeong, I'm in so much pain. I feel like I'm going to die. Subtitle translation by Ju-young Park OpenSubtitles recommends using Nord VPN from 3.49 USD/month ----> osdb.link/vpn  
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 