The Greatest Love: Season 1, Episode 7 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 The Greatest Love 
 s1e7 - Episode #1.7 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 The Greatest Love (2011–…): Season 1, Episode 7 - Episode #1.7 - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Don't look. You're Dokgo Jin. Don't look. Go. Go. Don't look. CURRY I wonder if she talked about her album with Dokgo Jin. Why would she do that? Remember that actor she dated a long time ago? Don't you know that turned into a rumor about how she used him to become an actress? 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 That's not going to happen. Dokgo Jin has feelings for her. That guy had feelings for her, too. Plus, she can't date Dokgo Jin. He's dating Kang Se-ri. -He's going to break up with her. -That guy said the same thing. He said he ended things, but then he stabbed Ae-jeong in the back. He made it seem like Ae-jeong stole someone else's boyfriend. Maybe I shouldn't have said that to Dokgo Jin. You should think before you do anything, okay? And plus, you're rooting for the wrong guy. Give up Jin, go for Pil-joo. So you went to that clinic and got all this expensive medicine because you want her to date Pil-joo? 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Don't eat that. I'm going to return this. I'm okay now. The truth is, I wasn't hurt. I was embarrassed about something. In the entertainment industry, I'm known to be cheap and dirty, and I thought I was fine with it since I know that I'm not. But today, I felt like I really seemed like a cheap and dirty person. I feel so ashamed. Didn't you say you're a national treasure that no one can buy, even with ten billion won? A national treasure is precious, not dirty. Thank you for saying that. I couldn't do anything when the first national treasure got ruined, but I promised I'd heal the national treasure in front of me if she's hurt. When I was a National Treasure Girl, I was the second oldest, so I was the second national treasure. You were a tower, then. Yes, I was sitting on a tower of popularity at the time. No, I mean a stone tower. The second national treasure is the Wongaksa Pagoda. Wasn't it Dongdaemun? That's the number one treasure. -Oh, right. -You should study some more. Then what's the third national treasure? Bukhansan Monument, commemorating King Jinheung. Then what about the 128th national treasure? That's... I don't know. Curry without potatoes is really horrible. I just got fooled by a kid's toy. I should've known better. Is it fun to play with my feelings because you're a top celebrity? PRINT Did you tell Gu Ae-jeong that you'd help her with her album? They talked to you about it, too? I heard Mr. Gu was going around saying that. Did you two decide on something? No! Really? Your guest is here. Come in, Ms. Gu. I invited her over for a meal. It's okay with you, right? There was an article about A and C after that incident at the studio. I should handle any uncomfortable situations among our agency family members. Get your facts straight. C isn't really a family member. She's just a guest. If a guest caused trouble, the CEO shouldn't resolve it, they should punish the guest. Why are you saying such a thing when she's right in front of you? Ms. Gu isn't the kind of person who'd get upset about such things. She's really shameless. Isn't that right, Ms. Gu? Yes. I don't get upset about such things. I just ignore crap like that. What should we have? Let's have something expensive. The A Course here is okay. Let's have that. I don't actually want a course. I'll just have a single menu. Why are you refusing? You want to get on Ms. Moon's good side by eating something cheap, don't you? Well, you're releasing an album, so of course you'd want to get on her good side. The CEO of Coen Entertainment is in the next room, and he wants to see you for a minute. I'll just go out for a minute to see him. I was trying to see if they were dating, but they seem to be on really bad terms. You seem to have come here to talk about your album with Ms. Moon. You two can talk. I'm leaving. You can't leave. You need to promote my album, and film the music video, too. -You should discuss things with us. -What? You told me to ask you to do it. What's the problem? You're not going to do it since you didn't get my body that you lust for? What did you say? You kept talking about The Camellias, so I thought it was all pure and innocent. But yesterday, I realized you wanted to shoot an erotic film. What? "An erotic film"? Your body isn't even the quality to be in an erotic film. Your body is the quality to be in my music video. Who says I'm going to be in it? You can't afford to not be in it. Your mouth is an asshole, so everything that comes out is crap, but my mouth is a bomb, so it's going to explode if I say anything. -What do you think you're doing? -What happened last night... Would it be better for me to open my mouth and write a novel about it, or would it be better to sell my albums by making you film my music video? I made some calculations, and both options seemed okay. I'll give you a chance to choose. Which would it be? If you want to get on my good side, you should choose the expensive choice, not the cheap one. He's not the only one who can look down on me. I can do the same to him. That jerk. What do you think you're doing? Are you blackmailing me into helping with your album, or are you protesting about your hurt feelings? Get something out of this, or reclaim your pride. Pick one. Don't make me confused. What's there to be confused about? Think however you want. That's the person you are anyway. You treated me like a pathetic person who tried to use you. So you can be someone pathetic who gets used by me. Fine. I'll become someone pathetic for you, so use me properly. Do it in a way so that I won't get confused again, Gu Ae-jeong. Ms. Moon. I told Ms. Gu that I'd help her with the stuff we talked about. Call the best music producers in Korea. When? Right now. ALBUM PROPOSAL SINGLE ALBUM It's a proposal for the production of your single album. As you can see, they're the best producers in the nation. This team is going to work not for Uhm Jung-hwa or Baek Ji-young, or Lee Hyo-ri, just you, Ms. Gu. Jin asked for it. If we're making an album with a team like this, it's going to cost a fortune. Of course it is. But Jin asked for it. But even with such a great team, the artist is Ae-jeong, so it would be hard to earn enough profit... It would be. But Jin told me it wouldn't matter. Then, what should I do? ALBUM CONTRACT It's your contract. You just have to sign this, and your album will be made right away, just as Jin planned. This will show me the real reason why you came here. If she signs that contract, I'll consider you all meaningless, and execute you. Ae-jeong, this is a huge chance for you. Why are you hesitating? I know it's shameless to accept the terms, but let's just do it this time. Get something out of this, or reclaim your pride. Pick one. Jin is testing me right now. But still, the conditions for the test are great. We got by with just one song, "Heartbeat", for ten years, but we reached the limit. If you succeed with just one new song, you can keep doing performances even if you leave this agency. You can even sing at Misari. Come on. Just think about it, okay? ARTIST GU AE-JEONG GU AE-JEONG She signed it? Okay. Now I know for sure why you came here. You were meaningless. I'm going to execute you. Ae-jeong, you really are cruel. Getting rid of all of these at once could make me go into shock. Think of this as a prison. I'm executing you later. Ms. Gu. Are you ashamed about signing that? What? This was a battle of pride between you and Jin, right? If you kept your pride and refused to sign, you would've lost your chance but you would've gotten Jin's heart. I don't intend to get his heart, and I'm not in the situation to refuse such an opportunity. You made a good choice. If you'd refused to sign and kept leading him on by keeping your pride, I would have kicked you out. You have a sense of reality. Keep it going. She's totally like a mother-in-law. You know, like mothers-in-law in dramas where they give you money, telling you to break up with their sons. The women in those dramas don't accept things like this. I just accepted. You did a good job. Plus, Ms. Moon isn't the only mother-in-law. The whole nation is his mother-in-law. If I get trampled on by the whole nation, I'd turn into dust and disappear. Don't worry, that won't happen. You said he treats you like some gold digger now, right? -Don't ever meet him again. -A gold digger? Stop thinking about it. You don't have feelings for him anyway. Right? Of course. I don't like him. Gold diggers don't like anyone. I have absolutely no feelings for him. I feel so stuffy. Let's go get some fresh air. It's a lie. You shouldn't lie! This Pororo toy is making me so angry. I'm going to destroy this. I'll break it with a hammer. Don't do that to this cute Pororo. If I was a top celebrity too, I'd be an innocent penguin, not a lame gold digger. Looking at this thing makes me so annoyed! What's wrong with her today? Ae-jeong! The medicine you gave me last time helped with the bloating. It's a relief it was helpful. I need to lose weight and look pale and weak for a personal reason. Would eating two pills at once be more effective? If you overuse it, you'll get diarrhea. And I don't think you need to look more skinny. You're already slim and pretty. Do you usually tell people that they're pretty so casually? You're not just anyone. You're one of the most beautiful people in Korea. People do say my beauty is a national treasure. I see. "National treasure." You would've been the fourth national treasure in the group. Did Ae-jeong say that? I was the fourth popular? No, I meant that you were the youngest, so the fourth... Were you the fourth popular as well? Why are you asking that? I was just wondering if you know what the fourth national treasure is. The fourth national treasure? The first is Namdaemun, and the second is Dongdaemun. And is the third Seodaemun? I'm not sure about the fourth. I guess your group wasn't interested in the national treasures. The fourth one is Godal Temple in Yeoju. You must be really interested in the national treasures. I recently got interested, so I'm thinking of studying about it. Studying something you're interested in from a distance is boring, isn't it? I'm going to announce that Jin and I are officially over. -Really? -If I look really pale and thin, you'll know that's the reason. Over here, Mr. Kang. Oh, hello. One, two, three. I only ate three, so I'll return the rest. And I'll tell her that my daughter is Ae-jeong. Hello. You asked to meet me so suddenly so I just told you to come here. Is that okay with you? Yes, well... It's fine. One of my friends opened this restaurant recently. We have a gathering here today. Oh, really? Would you like to join us? What? Me? No, I'm okay. Have some, and next time, come with Se-ri and help promote this place. The meat... looks really nice. The meat here is all top quality. Have some, and ask Se-ri to recommend this place as a great restaurant. But actually, my daughter is... She's actually... Yes? She's actually a huge meat lover. If I come here with Se-ri next time, she'll really love it. This is really delicious. Who can go and find it The noodles that can't walk for long Ae-jeong. We came here to cheer you up and congratulate you. Why are you still looking so down? I'm just a bit dazed, that's all. Have fun, don't worry about me. Hey, Jenny! Come over here, come on! -Chicken soup -Chicken soup -Chicken soup -Chicken soup -Trust his firm legs -Trust his firm legs -Trust his rough skin -Trust his rough skin -Chicken soup -Chicken soup Why did you drink so much water? You must be feeling down because of Ae-jeong. Instead of this... Here, drink this. Jae-seok. A manager could be clueless about some stuff. They could have a big mouth. It's okay. They're people, after all. But... I won't let my manager be like that. Okay. I'll go, then. Hey, Jenny. I'm at Jin's house. I'll be there right away. Is it okay not to bring anything when you're celebrating? Okay, I'll buy a cake and go to the karaoke room. -All right. -A karaoke room? Jae-seok. Are you going to buy a cake and go to a karaoke room to celebrate? Yes. And the one who's getting congratulated -is Ae-jeong? -Yes. Well, it's to congratulate her for releasing her album. Did Ae-jeong hold that party? No. Jenny started it to cheer her up since she was looking down. I guess she does have a conscience, since she's looking down. -Cheers! -Cheers! Ae-jeong, don't sit there like that. Cheer up a little. I'm not in the mood, Jenny. Hey, just think about the good stuff. Go, Ae-jeong! Go! Come on, Ae-jeong! Hurry up. Gross, it's gum! Gosh. Hey, there's a fly. It's a fly. Gosh! A fly? What's with this fly? What do I do with this, Jenny? Oh, no. What should I do? Ae-hwan! Get rid of this! Jin! Try to get a perfect score next time! You seem really excited, Ae-jeong. What brings you here? I came to congratulate her. Congratulations. Good luck to you. -Since you're here... -Okay, fine. What are you doing? Sing. Sing something upbeat. I don't fall behind wherever I am I'm still useful, I haven't died yet My body was ruined because of you Broken dreams, missing heart I can risk myself if it's for you I will race to where you are But you still say goodbye to me Goodbye You say you hate me What is the reason? Your confident expression shows it all And it saddens me But even if I say I still like you Even if I ask for a chance You turn your back on me I hate that cold look you give me What did I do wrong? I'm going to leave you I really am Let's see how well you'll do I'm really sick of this It's so unsteady My tragic love My heart almost broke for real. Jin. Are you okay? Yes, I'm fine. Anyhow, I'm really grateful. Well, I do deserve your gratitude. Yes. Thank you so much. Hey, Ae-jeong. Let's talk for a minute. Since you signed that contract, I'm going to believe that the potatoes you brought were for your album. Are you okay with that? Think however you want. Right. I was harsh to you that day. You were right to get angry. If you tell me now that you came that day not just for the album, but to make me curry as well, I'll understand you. There's no need. Are you really going to make me someone pathetic who gets used? You're not pathetic. You're someone I'm grateful for. I just feel grateful. If you're really that grateful, give me just one minute of your time. What are you doing? If your heart rate doesn't go over the safety zone of 60 to 90, I'll just be a person you're grateful for. What? Don't do this. Just let me use you and leave. If I want to earn a living, I shouldn't have feelings for someone like you. Just leave me alone so I can live in the 60 to 90 safety zone. Okay, I won't look. Give that back. Just take this. -This is... -Yes. It's that doctor's pen. I found it. You found this? I found that pen that got lost in the ball pool. But you even lied to that doctor that you found it to win his favor. That's why I was angry at you. You get why I did that, don't you? Why? Are you embarrassed that I found out that you lied? But I'll still understand, since I know what your situation is like. It's amazing how someone like you made a fool of me. Don't go around telling people. Or else I'll sue you. In the cake box... Never mind. What's this? Isn't this the shoe you lost in that ball pool? It is. And... This is Pil-joo's pen. But you already found it and gave it back to him. Hi, Ae-jeong. Did Mr. Yun buy another pen and give it to her so she wouldn't feel so bad about losing it? I knew he was the right guy. He's so considerate. But I think Ae-jeong is feeling really confused because of his consideration. It's totally over between her and Jin. Look at how he treated her. He totally looked down on her. He has an awful personality. He might have a bad personality, but he actually gave Ae-jeong a lot of help. If you think about it, he was pretty considerate toward her. If he's going to be nice to her, he should keep being nice. If he's going to be mean, he should keep being mean. Going back and forth is worse. He's such a bad boy. Jin has a terrible personality, and Mr. Yun is really considerate. But women always go for the bad guy instead of the nice guy. That's the cause of all this. I'm not like that. I like men who are really sweet to me and do everything for me. -Jenny. -Jenny. You should just pick one. I want to have both. -She's a bad girl. -She's a bad girl. It seemed like you were feeling bad about losing this pen, so I made you think they found it. I'm sorry. You did it for me. And you said it was a precious gift from your father. It's a relief you got the real pen. I really did something useless. I think I just made you more uncomfortable. I don't feel uncomfortable, I just... feel frustrated. There was a misunderstanding. It keeps bothering me. If I caused a misunderstanding, it should be cleared up. I can explain things myself if needed. No, it's fine. It doesn't need to be cleared up. I don't think it can be. How can I clear that up now? I already accepted the offer and I can't undo it. Since it is a done deal, the only thing I can do is help him snap out of it. Even after seeing that, I guess she still won't make excuses or explain what happened. I don't have any feelings for you. I'm never ever going to like you. You're so evil and selfish, your first love at that age will never come true. No matter how much I bully, hold, or try to test her feelings for me, there's only one answer. I have to admit it. My love... is an embarrassing one-sided love. You're sprouting. Potato sprouts are poisonous. I should remove it. Jin, I didn't lie to you. I was about to take back what I said about never ever liking you. I look great. Perfect. I have to look better than ever if I don't want to look like the pathetic guy who's suffering from unrequited love. You didn't forget today's schedule, right? We're having lunch with the president of MBS, and we're going to discuss productions for a Dokgo Jin special. I'm going to refuse if it's going to be shorter than the Kim Myung-min special. Whether you're poisonous or not, it sprouted, so I'll keep taking care of it. I know Challenge, I Can Do It makes you do all kinds of things, But doing a frog leap race is a bit much. It's better than a flying race as eagles. Ae-jeong, we're releasing a high-quality album soon. Shouldn't we be more careful about choosing shows to appear in for your image? I'm going to discuss that album over again with Ms. Moon. What? Are you going to say you won't do it? We need to talk about adjusting the production costs. I shouldn't just waste away other people's money. You're right. It is a bit unrealistic to make an album like some top singer. Let's live with a sense of reality. I should focus on this frog leap competition for now. Right. I saw some positive comments about you posted on the website recently. Really? I guess I'm gaining more fans. Of course. They said you can participate in the personal items auction. -Really? -Yes. I said you'll donate these. That's okay, right? You're going to give them these? You said you weren't going to wear these anymore, didn't you? Should I take these back? No, it's a good idea. It'll give me some closure. The documentary special on Dokgo Jin will be made in collaboration with Japan's NHK. We would like the documentary to be different from the former celebrity specials. Of course. We're thinking of having it shown in prime time. It's Dokgo Jin we're talking about. We should put in our best efforts. -Come on, we're late. -Ae-hwan, this is so embarrassing. It's fine, it's really funny. -Ae-hwan. -What is it? It's going to be hard to go to the bathroom with this on. I should have gone to the bathroom earlier. Then go before we begin. And I gave your sneakers to the Couple Making team. -You already gave it to them? -Yes. I'll head to the studio first, so hurry up, okay? Okay. That's the sneaker Jin found for me. Should I get it back? I can just keep it. There's nothing wrong with keeping it. I should go get them. The Dokgo Jin special... Oh, my gosh! Oh, this is Gu Ae-jeong, she's in our agency, too. Hello. She's really funny. Ms. Gu, good luck! As I was saying... Are you doing a sexy dance in that frog costume today? No, I'm doing jumps on the field since I'm a frog. Can you jump with that fat belly? But I'm a human, so I need a handicap to compete with a frog. It's pretty hot outside. You're going to get exhausted. He's the president of MBS. You should go. All right, Ae-jeong the frog. Do your best. He should just yell at me. Why is he being so nice? He's going to drive me crazy. I should just leave those sneakers. If I have them, I'm going to want to wear them. And if I'm wearing them, I'll want to run to him. I shouldn't have any lingering feelings. You wanted to meet me in person. I guess you got sick of just studying. I have something I want to ask you. I don't know much about this industry. What do you want to know? What exactly is the relationship between you and Dokgo Jin? Officially, we're still dating. You told me last time that you're going to reveal your breakup. Are you two over now? The way celebrities break up is different from other people's. Normally, when two people break up, it's just their relationship that ends. But for us, there are many things at stake. Even if our relationship is over, we have to be careful not to damage each other's images, and we have to take care of all kinds of contracts involved. All those things have to be taken care of to say that we're completely over. Then if people find out that there's someone involved between you, that person would get severely hurt. That's why we have to be very careful. But why are you curious about that? I'm worried about someone getting hurt. Hello. I saw you when you were doing that event for Se-ri. I'm the assistant writer for Couple Making. Oh, right. -What is all that? -Oh, this? We're holding a charity auction on our website. The guests on our show donated personal items for the auction. There's a bag Se-ri donated, too. I see. I'll be going, then. -Good luck. -Okay. I found that shoe for her, and she just gave it to them. Mr. Yun. -Hello. -Hello. Are you here to see Mr. Kim? He's in the editing room right now. -This is Ae-jeong's. -Yes. Give that to me. It's better for me to take that. I'm letting you take that. Be careful with it. Anyone could try to take it if you drop it like that. Let me take that for you. I'm not "anyone," right? PERSONAL ITEMS AUCTION GU AE-JEONG'S SNEAKERS Ae-jeong's sneakers are on the website. "I'm not 'anyone,' right?" That's what he said, so he'll probably buy this to show that he's not just "anyone." PERSONAL ITEMS AUCTION GU AE-JEONG'S SNEAKERS It's 30,000 won right now. How much do I have to bid to get it? Where did all those National Treasure Girls fans go? Thirty thousand is way too low. All those fans are my anti-fans or Se-ri's fans now. This won't do. I should raise it up to about 100 thousand. Don't do that. That's more pathetic. Plus, it's better for someone to take that for 30,000 won than for it to return to me. Gosh. Hey, it went up! It's 500 thousand won! Five hundred thousand? I still had such a dedicated fan? Would this be enough? HIGHEST BID: 500 THOUSAND WON Five hundred thousand? If it costs 500 thousand won, that "anyone" could get it right away. Then they'll just be sneakers that anyone can get. No. Someone special like me found it for her. I can't let those be something just anyone can get easily. I should raise the cost a bit. PLACE BID: 1 MILLION WON HIGHEST BID: 1 MILLION WON One million won? It rose so suddenly. Could it be Ae-jeong's fan? Be careful with it. Anyone could try to take it if you drop it like that. Could it be him? What? Two million won? What am I doing with this guy? Forget it. I'm Dokgo Jin. Getting involved will just make me more pathetic. You paid two million won for my sneakers? Yes, I'm not just anyone to you, right? No, you are "anyone." Three million won! All right, then. Mr. Anyone, try wasting all your money on this. I guess he doesn't want me to take it. Then... I should take it. PLACE BID: 4 MILLION WON Ms. Han! There's something strange on the website. What is it? -What about this? -All right. Let's do it. Until a moment ago, Ae-jeong's sneakers were only 30 thousand won, but it suddenly went up to four million won. Five million... Mr. Kim! Come over here, come on! Come look at this! Ae-jeong's sneakers went up to five million won. Six million. Six million won? All right, then I'll bid seven million. Eight million, then. Eight million. That's a lot. Then I'll... attack with nine million won! Nine million? -Is this for real? -Isn't time almost over? It's almost time to end. PLACE BID Dr. Yun, there's an atopy patient. Please wait over there. Please have a seat and wait. PLACE BID: 10 MILLION WON Please be seated for a minute. DIRECTOR YUN PIL-JOO Sorry, it's something urgent. Could I use this? Sure. Time's up. SOLD It's sold. Ae-jeong's sneakers got sold for 10 million won? Look at this. Your sneakers sold for 10 million won. Wow, you're right. This is crazy. Who would buy sneakers for 10 million won? Ten million? Maybe something went wrong. GU AE-JEONG'S SNEAKERS 10 MILLION WON SOLD I've won. The special Dokgo Jin won against Dr. Anyone. Wait a minute. 10 million won? Why did you just do that? Please. It's my fault. He took it. He got it. GU AE-JEONG'S SNEAKERS 10 MILLION WON Even if I got these sneakers, I can't give them back to Gu Ae-jeong. Don't you think it's Dokgo Jin. I think it's him. But there's another person who was raising the price with that guy. Who would that be? It's probably one of her fans. Or someone could've been doing that as a joke. PERSONAL ITEMS AUCTION Who is the one who got Ae-jeong's sneakers? It was a man in his mid-20s. But there's a bigger problem right now. -What? -I'm the only one who knows this. The other guy who was raising the bid was Yun Pil-joo. Yun Pil-joo? Yes. He used his own ID on the website to bid in the auction. He was totally bent on buying those sneakers. He raised the price to eight million won. It must have been a prank. Is he the type to play pranks like that? He even tells jokes seriously. So the National Treasure Girl he was interested in was Ae-jeong? I got pushed aside by Ae-jeong? That's ridiculous. Ms. Kang. Hello, Mr. Kim. The celebrity personal items auction you did is quite a hot topic. It's just a few people talking about it on the website. But everyone is curious about who paid ten million won to buy Gu Ae-jeong's sneakers. Do you know who it is? It's personal information. We can't reveal that. I don't need details. Please just tell me if it's a fan of hers or a fan of the show, things like that. The truth is, the production crew doesn't know, either. Anyone can use any kind of ID on the internet, you know. Someone could have used ten million won to make news about Ae-jeong go viral. She could've done it herself as a joke. Herself? Anyway, Ae-jeong really wanted some attention, and it's great that she's getting that for a positive incident. It feels like Jin could have done it. But he hasn't said anything to me. That's weird. Ae-jeong! There's a weird article posted online. -What? -Well, about how your sneakers got sold for ten million won... The article's saying that you did it yourself to make yourself a hot topic. What do you mean? That's ridiculous! GU AE-JEONG SUSPECTED OF BIDDING ON HER OWN ITEM You didn't do it, did you? I didn't. I don't have that much money. If that person who bought the sneakers doesn't reveal himself, you're going to be in quite a tight spot. We have a shooting tomorrow. It'll get swarmed with reporters. This is a pain in my neck. I'm sorry. I really am. Ae-jeong doesn't have the money to do such a stupid thing. You used my ID to get it, so should I go say something? Saying a manager in the same agency bought them for ten million won is the same as admitting to the suspicions. I guess you're right. There will be tons of reporters at the Couple Making shooting site tomorrow. If the truth doesn't get revealed, people will just assume that the suspicions are true. Don't worry too much. The production team knows that I didn't do the bidding myself. So there's no reason I'd get kicked off the show. She's right. They're just rumors with no evidence of you doing it. Rumors are the worst. Right. You never did such a thing. Just tell everyone it's not true. All those stupid rumors will go away soon. Auntie, what's a "sponsor"? Hey! I told you not to look at the computer. People are saying that she bought the sneakers using her sponsor's money. Why are they calling you a "slut"? Hyeong-gyu, don't read stuff like that on the internet. I told you that it's all a lie. Dad said your sneakers would be at Jin's house. Should I go find them? No. You shouldn't go to him, okay? And don't tell anyone about this. And Hyeong-gyu. Like I told you before, don't ever tell your friends that Gu Ae-jeong is your aunt. And also, don't use words like "slut." You shouldn't say that word, okay? Isn't Ae-jeong saying anything? She'll give some sort of explanation. Did anyone hear anything? -What would she say? -Well... I'm sorry. I'm sorry about this. I'm sorry. I'm sorry for all the reporters out there. You should do something about the reporters before we start shooting. DRESSING ROOM All this happened for doing an online event on our website. I'm sorry. I'm really sorry. I'm sorry, Mr. Jang. Sorry, Ru-mi. Does this even make sense? This was a charity event. She should take responsibility for causing this. She didn't really bid on it herself, so I can't tell her to take responsibility. In other variety shows, if someone is in a scandal, they get kicked out of the show right away. Why can't we do that? Let's discuss it after we see how the reporters react today. Please give us an explanation. -Gu Ae-jeong is coming out! -She's coming out. -Tell us what happened. -Gu Ae-jeong! What do you have to say about the suspicions? -Please give us a comment. -Please tell us something. -What happened? -Tell us the truth. -Give us a comment. -Just one comment. -What really happened? -If it's not you, who did it? I'm sorry. Ms. Gu, did you really do the bidding yourself? Did you really buy your own item for ten million won? Ms. Gu, was it really you? Ms. Gu, did you really bid on your own item? Did you pay ten million won on your own item -to get attention from the public? -It is you, right? Why did you do it? -Whose ID did you use? -Where are the sneakers? Are you keeping them for yourself? I don't know what's going on. -We'll talk when my manager comes. -Who do you think it was? Sorry. -Please give us a comment! -Please give us a comment! It's her shoe! -It's her shoe. -Take a photo! -Her shoe. -Do you have anything to say? I don't know anything about what happened. Please give an explanation. Mr. Yun. If you get involved, you'll just put her in a tighter spot. You don't know much about this industry. Just stay here. -Tell us something. -Give us a comment. -I really don't know. -Tell us about what happened. Give us an explanation. Give us a comment. -Tell us about what happened. -Say something. Are you saying it wasn't you? Come on, tell us. Give us an explanation. Please. -They're here. -Tell us what happened. -Please explain. -It's Dokgo Jin. I have Ae-jeong's sneakers right here. Hey, take a photo. The one who bought Ae-jeong's shoes is me, Dokgo Jin. This is surprising. Take photos! I can't believe it. He put on her shoes for her. Aren't you afraid of getting a bad reputation for being involved with me? Don’t be concerned about what I do with my business. Does Ae-jeong have some sort of leverage on you? Yes, an extremely big one. Do I really have to eliminate Ae-jeong? The way to protect Gu Ae-jeong is to help her go through another week. You may think you were protecting Ae-jeong, but I think you just made it harder and more confusing. I like you. "When you are disgusted to see me and leave..." Did he ever listen to this song... Subtitle translation by Ju-young Park 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 