The Greatest Love: Season 1, Episode 11 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 The Greatest Love 
 s1e11 - Episode #1.11 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 The Greatest Love (2011–…): Season 1, Episode 11 - Episode #1.11 - full transcript 
 Se Ri offers to help Jin with Ae Jung and let go of him because she wants Pil Joo to herself. Jin also contemplates his impending surgery, 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 I was too much of a hero today, so I'm really tired. What are you doing? Stay still. I need this strength to carry out my heroic acts. Recharge. We have to go. Be quiet. I'm charging myself right now. The reporters will be here soon. Haven't you charged a phone before? 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 It needs at least one bar to be able to work. Let me just charge one bar. The power is off right now. Go charge somewhere else. I'm not your charger. Where are you going? You stopped me from charging. I should eat to charge my batteries. Ae-jeong, make me some curry. This isn't the time to have a meal. I have to have curry right now. Do whatever you want, then. I'm going. What if there are reporters outside? You can't leave like that. They're already here. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Was that white car here when you came in? No. They're reporters, then. How do you know? There aren't any white cars besides mine in this neighborhood. We're in trouble. When the reporters swarm in, they won't leave until they see me. Then we could be trapped in here for about three days. Three days? Yes, being trapped for three days would be troublesome for you. As you've noticed, my bathroom doesn't have any doors. You can use it if you want. I'll be sleeping on the first floor. I'm going to leave even if I have to dig a tunnel. Since you seem so worried, I'll tell you a secret about this house. There is an emergency exit here. -An emergency exit? -You saw Batman, right? Batman made an emergency exit in his house, and he sometimes rides his car out of that exit. It's the same system. In an emergency, I can escape in this car. You're lying, right? That's not even a real car. Why wouldn't this be real? Look at this. It works fine, and it's really fast. Gosh. But you can't go out the front door. Of course not. So when the emergency system goes on, another exit will open up with this sound. That's ridiculous. But first, escaping would require lots of energy, so let's eat first. You're lying, right? Ae-jeong, make me some curry. Then I'll tell you everything, okay? -Ae-jeong. -How could you let her go to Jin's house? She said she'd go because she needed to check something. If Jin threw away such a chance because of Mr. Jang, Ae-jeong will get swayed by him again. Pil-joo, you haven't left? I came here to ask you something. CURRY What are you doing? I'm soothing the arm you burnt. Is this why you did it? Go sooth Mr. Jang. There's no need to do it to me. Go get some potatoes. No, I'm not killing potatoes in this house. Would I eat those fish in my aquarium if I want to eat fish? I wouldn't. It's the same. I grow potatoes, not eat them. See? It's still good without the potatoes. Is there really a way to get out? Since we're done eating, shall we begin? All right, which exit should we use? Should we exit through Gangnam Station, or through the alley behind the department store in Yeoksam-dong to Gangnam-daero? Just say the word. Stop fooling around and tell me where the exit is. Is this going to slide down into a basement or something? You said it's like Batman's house. Ae-jeong. Do you really not have anywhere you want to go with me? I have a lot. There are so many places. No. Anywhere I go with you would become the place I'd like to go. You must be crazy. No, I'm the one who's crazy. I'm the idiot for believing you and getting in this car. I'm not crazy. I'm just broken. It's broken here. Is it really that bad? It's broken. And this car is here because it's broken, too. I can't control myself because I'm broken. My heart keeps beating over the 60 to 90 range. So I'm going to chase after you like a broken car. So just keep running. And keep your head straight like you are now. Can it be fixed, though? Of course. It'll return to normal once it gets fixed. Afterward, I'm really going to rush past you. So don't get hurt by the broken car that's chasing you. Make sure you keep avoiding it. You told me I'm hypnotized, so I should wake up. But now you're telling me to run away since you're broken? Is it fun doing whatever you want to do all the time? Fine. Try chasing me, I'm sure I can avoid you. It'll stop eventually since it's broken. Yes. So keep avoiding me until I stop. Ae-jeong. -It's Dokgo Jin! -Where? Wait a minute! Wait! Dokgo Jin! I'll tell you everything later. Right. Why would such a terrific car give me a ride unless it was broken? Get yourself fixed up, and go your own way. Why does Mr. Jang act so harsh toward Ae-jeong? He suffered some loss when National Treasure Girls disbanded. It's because Ae-jeong took all the blame for our team getting disbanded. It's true that she asked for the group to split up, though. But I still don't know why she did that. I believe there was something going on with Mi-na, but... Mi-na was another member of your group, right? Yes. Han Mi-na. My previous name was Han Mi-na. I was a member of National Treasure Girls with Ae-jeong. I think it would be better to pretend I didn't see her. Please hide me. It's nothing. Head home safely. Ae-jeong is my savior. I begged her to tell me for ten years, but she still didn't. So I have no clue about what happened. Anyway, Mr. Jang has a grudge on her because of some misunderstandings. But he went too far today. I should've hit him before Dokgo Jin... That incident about Dokgo Jin on the news was because of that. Does Ae-jeong know this too? Yes, she probably found out by now. She went to meet him. Using violence against another person cannot be justified in any circumstance, but I lost my temper and punched you. I'm sorry about that. I'm letting this go since you came here personally to apologize. But I won't let it go if something like this ever happens again. I also came here to say that I won't let it go if something like this happens again. If you hurt Ae-jeong ever again, I'm going to break you. You're doing this because of Ae-jeong? No matter how well you built your reputation it's going to crumble down if you keep acting like this. I could make that happen, you know. Try me. If you try to shake a mountain, you'll be crushed to death from a landslide. So you're saying you'll make it seem like I was to blame, when I'm the one who got punched? That's right. That's the power of the reputation I built that you threatened to destroy. Turn your head. Is this where you got hurt? Get better. I only did that because I was told to. You should be honored. Who is Ae-jeong to you that you're acting like this? She's a powerless colleague of mine from the same agency. I'm a man of justice, and you're a bastard who hits women. That's it. If you start making up stories, I'm suing you. Jae-seok! You missed the ceremony because there was a sudden problem with the heart disease you had. That's what the articles will say. There wasn't any other way to explain. My heart really is broken, so it's not a lie. From what I see, you really are ill. You just ruined the most honorable moment in your life where you would've shined. BEST ACTOR DOKGO JIN It would've been amazing. I feel so disappointed. The only way to cure this is to stay far away. You'll get better when you go to Hollywood as planned. -I'm not going. -What? What about that superhero thing? Instead of being a Hollywood superhero, I'm just going to be a man of justice who protects a colleague from my agency. Why are you doing this? Ae-jeong doesn't want you. Why do you keep acting like this? It's fortunate that she doesn't want me. It won't cause any problems. Don't worry. BEST ACTOR DOKGO JIN Hey, potato. You're worth giving up this award for, right? Hey, you've grown quite a lot. You might even blossom flowers soon. Hang on. Would the poison disappear if flowers blossom? SHOCKING NEWS ABOUT DOKGO JIN'S HEART SURGERY DOKGO JIN WAS UNABLE TO ATTEND AWARD CEREMONY DUE TO HEART PROBLEMS DOKGO JIN'S HEART PROBLEM SHOCKS FANS The scar on your chest was from a heart surgery? Why didn't you tell me? Was there a chance to tell you? When we had a good relationship, we didn't really talk much. It was just body language. Anyway, people were asking me about it and I didn't know what to say. And I was astonished when I heard about Mr. Jang from Ms. Moon. Do you like Ae-jeong that much? What's with that expression? -Why do you look so gleeful? -Well, I'll let you go if you're going to date her. -Are you going to? -What are you up to? You and I aren't people who selflessly want others to be happy. Fine. You already know what I'm like, so I'll just tell you. To be honest, I like Pil-joo. -What? -If things work out with you and Ae-jeong, she'll let Pil-joo go. Then I'll try to get him to date me. Things can't work out between me and Ae-jeong. So just leave the doctor who's being kind to Ae-jeong alone. What? You got pushed aside by the doctor? I wasn't pushed aside. I just can't go ahead of him. DOKGO JIN'S HEART SURGERY This isn't true. He didn't attend the ceremony because of Ae-jeong. -I already know. -What? Did you come to tell me this, and not because you're sick? I am sick. I'm sick of seeing Ae-jeong having Jin on one side and you on the other. Your heart is sick. My clinic can't cure cruel hearts like yours. Last time, when you told me that you had feelings for me, that was based on jealousy, right? Don't you know why people get jealous? It's because they're losing what they care about. So are you saying you're so noble that you don't get jealous when you see this? I do. I get really jealous. I'm sorry. You showing me this hit a nerve and I ended up being mean to you. So you understand how I feel, right? Then don't scold me like that again. I'm already having a rough time. GU AE-JEONG MUSCLE PAIN RELIEF -Are you signing autographs? -What is that? These are for a promotion event of a product that Jin advertises. -He sure does a lot of commercials. -Right? -Well, good luck. -See you later. MUSCLE PAIN RELIEF Don't look at me. You're broken. Stop staring at me. He keeps smiling like that. I should just turn that around. I shouldn't be so emotional. You rude, stubborn, broken asshole Dokgo Jin. Why do you keep bullying me when you're broken? Why? Why? I put a dot on his face. What if he tries to get revenge for this? Oh, no. What do I do? All right. Can you be satisfied with that? You're really on fire now. It's not like that. There was something on this, so I was just wiping it off. Look, there's a smudge here. Were you doing stuff to it that you couldn't do to the real Dokgo Jin? All right, you can do it do the real one. Don't touch me, just look. It wasn't like that! I was just wiping off something here, look. Okay! I'll let you touch me once, too. How greedy. Come on. Aren't you going to touch me? You're good at ignoring me. I'm used to all your pranks. Fine, then whatever I suggest we do, you have to dismiss it as a joke. If I suggest being on the front page tomorrow as a couple, -it's just a joke. -Ding dong. Even if I ask you to marry me the day after tomorrow, it's a joke. Ding dong. Even if I disappear, saying I'm going to die, that's a joke as well. Ding dong. How can you say that as a joke? I'm the asshole Dokgo Jin who has an asshole for my mouth, you know. How many autographs are you signing, anyway? Here. Eat this while you do that. It's free. Isn't it an honor? You're grateful, aren't you? Answer me. Okay, fine. Just eat it. He makes me so confused. Is this some sort of joke? Who in the world did this to you? I can't tell you who. You're not the sort of person who'd just let this slide. Right, I can't just sit back. So, do you remember Han Mi-na of National Treasure Girls? She dated the leader of the idol group KK, Hui-jin. He was in your agency. What is he doing these days? He's been performing in China for a while. Would I be able to find Han Mi-na if I get in touch with him? I'm not sure. Are you looking for Hui-jin, or are you looking for Han Mi-na? Han Mi-na. I need to find her to find out someone's secret. Are you really not going to Hollywood because of Ae-jeong? I can't because of something I've done. There needs to be a threatening mountain so that people don't try to mess with it. We can still discuss things with Jerry Heimer. But Jin... What about the results from the hospital? Aren't you going to tell me about it? It's possible that you might not be my manager for a long time. What did I say my manager has to be like? You said managers could be clueless or have a big mouth, but I can't be like that. That's right. Keep that in mind. Jae-seok. Ten years ago, the patient's cardiac function declined rapidly due to a virus. He has been living until now by using an artificial heart, but recently, the cardiac output has been dropping. Therefore, he needs another surgery. As you know, re-operating on an artificial heart has only a 50 percent chance of success due to adhesion. So I want each of you to prepare much more thoroughly. Dokgo Jin's artificial heart surgery will be done in absolute secrecy. Since the patient is a well-known celebrity, please make sure no information gets leaked to the public. We're making preparations so we can operate within a month. When the surgery begins, -my heart will stop, right? -Yes. It'll beat again when we succeed. Or it could just stop forever. Think positively. The song "Heartbeat" cheered you on ten years ago is with you right now. Keeping her by my side is too selfish, so I'm restraining myself right now. I miss Ae-jeong. Restrain yourself. Mind control. No matter how much you miss her, think it over at least three times. I miss her. I miss her, I miss her. That was three times. No! Think it over 30 more times. But I still miss Ae-jeong. Ae-jeong... I thought it over 300 times. I need to charge. I'll just see her for a minute. Hello, Mister! Hey, Ding Dong! Where's your aunt? She's not here. What are you doing with that? You're tall, so please help me. -Where is it? -Over there. -Here. -Thank you. Auntie put it there, saying she's confiscating it. Don't tell your aunt that I got it for you. You got that by yourself, okay? Give me the chair. That's the evidence. Mister. Did you come to see my aunt secretly? No, Ding Dong. Spying on someone secretly is what pervert stalkers do. I came to see her. I'm going to go trade this with my friend. -Wait here, okay? -Okay. It's my drink. CHUNYEONG CLINIC GU AE-JEONG So, that "anyone" doctor even gave her medicine. I bet this is why Ae-jeong didn't look so good these days. Is this Ae-jeong's room? Hey. Are you a pervert stalker? What are you trying to peek at? I should knock before going in. I knocked. She's so sloppy, she doesn't even put the cap back on. It's Ae-jeong's scent. I'm just going to take a little bit. Ae-jeong's scent. Hyeong-gyu. Hyeong-gyu. Damn it. Where did he go with the door open? Gosh, it's so hot. It's so hot. It's so hot. What's going on? Ae-jeong! We bought a watermelon. Hey, Ae-hwan. -That looks delicious. -Right? I'll go get dishes and stuff. This is really cold. Come outside. -We'll eat this on the patio. -Okay. -Come on. -Okay. I'll just get changed first. It's so hot. Where did my pants go? Where is... Who is that? Feet? It's me, Ae-jeong. Don't go! Hey! Ae-hwan! Hey! It's me. It's me, Dokgo Jin. I just ended up coming here, and I hid for some reason. It's going to get really weird if your family sees me, so be quiet. -Got it? -Okay. -Ae-jeong! -Hide! Oh, my gosh. Come on out and eat. What's taking so long? Hey. We should sprinkle sugar on it. What's this? -You're going to sleep? -Yes. Aren't you going to eat some? I'll just eat after I get some sleep. Aren't you hot? It's fine. Your feet... What? Wipe your feet, they're so dirty. Is he gone? Did he leave? What were you doing in my room? I'll explain. I... I was just... Why are you acting like a pervert? It smells like my face cream. Did you use my cream? Just listen to me. I was just... My pants... It's... You... Are you thinking that I'm some sort of a perverted stalker? I'm Dokgo Jin. I came in politely after knocking. My family is here now. How are you planning to get out? Ae-jeong. What do you think? How should I leave? Goodness. There's a way out through the rooftop. Come with me. That's a good plan. I sprained my ankle. You could get arrested if I report what you just did. But since the front page of tomorrow’s paper can’t say, "Dokgo Jin broke into Gu Ae-jeong's house, used her face cream, and tried to run off with her pants." So, I'll let you go. Go now. I'll leave after I rest a bit. My ankle really hurts. Seriously. What's the point of looking at it? Did you learn some stuff from that doctor? Yes, I might not be able to give cupping or acupuncture treatment, but I can give you a hot towel. Why did you come here? To charge. -What are you doing now? -Stay still. Let me just charge one bar. Charging. Jin, is your problem serious? I'm preparing for a repair. I just need to charge right now. This is driving me crazy. What is? I want to keep you in my house and use you as a charger. Ae-jeong, I told you I'm broken, right? It'll take about a month to repair my heart. Will you stay by my side until then? How can you say that to me? A month? Because you're broken, and not because of love? Yes, just stay with me during that time. You said you're just going to leave me after getting it repaired. Why are you doing this to me? Just think of me as a broken down car. Grab the wheel and stop me from getting into an accident. I could stop before a month passes if my battery runs out. So keep me charged, and stay by my side. Then I'll be really good to you. Then... Be straightforward. Tell me you want me to stay with you because you like me. I can't say that. I told you I'm broken. Leave if you don't want to get scrapped right here. She really is driving me crazy. That jerk. I convinced Pil-joo to go on your show since I trusted you as his friend from high school. How could you let this happen? I'm so sorry. I didn't know Pil-joo would make such a choice. He had so many blind requests coming in, but now there are none. Did you and the writer urge Pil-joo to do this so you can get higher ratings? You would know if you saw the show, but it all led to this situation right now because he sincerely likes Ae-jeong. Then maybe you told Ae-jeong to hit on Pil-joo and seduce him. We have to tell the guests on the show to act as if they have feelings for the male guest, even if they don't. It's all for the show to be interesting. Are you saying Ae-jeong is forcing herself to do this show while Pil-joo is doing it because he likes her? Yes, it is a bit ironic. Is Ae-jeong really pretending to have feelings for Pil-joo for the sake of the show? She does believe that Pil-joo is a very decent man. All the matchmakers in Gangnam know that Pil-joo is a decent man. So you're saying she thinks he's decent, but she doesn't like him? Ding dong! Then she could just reject Pil-joo someday on the show? Ae-jeong would never do such a thing to him on the show. She can't. So she's just going to keep seeing him until the end just for the show, when she doesn't even have feelings for him? I can't allow that, either! My poor Pil-joo... What do I do about my poor Pil-joo? I think your mother is very worried about you. That must have been uncomfortable. I'm sorry. No, it's fine. I think she's having useless concerns about us getting into a serious relationship. I'm really sorry. It's not a useless concern. I was thinking of a serious relationship since the beginning. I've learned something from someone I know. If someone's heart is filled with someone else, you can't gain that person's heart. Ae-jeong. If you care about me at all, please let that man out of your heart. The demo for your song is out. Listen to it. This is my song? Yes. I've heard it already, and I have a good feeling about it. I think it'll be a huge success. And one other thing. It's something small, but you got a commercial deal. I got a commercial deal? Yes. I told you your bad reputation was going to change soon, right? At this rate, you'll experience a second golden age. And also, I have a favor to ask you. I'm telling you this because I know you have a sense of reality. Please convince Jin to go to Hollywood. How could I convince him? He has the biggest sense of pride in the world, so provoke him using that. And make sure you completely reject him. The one who bought Ae-jeong's shoes is me, Dokgo Jin. Be straightforward. Tell me you want me to stay with you because you like me. I can't say that. I told you I'm broken. CLOTHING DONATION I got some information on Mi-na. She changed her name to Hye-jin. Hye-jin? Her name is Hye-jin now? I heard she went to the States right after she got married. But I'm not sure if she's still there or in Korea right now. She's in Korea. I've seen her before. I'll look for her. CHUNYEONG CLINIC Hello. Is there someone named Han Hye-jin among the patients here? -I've seen her here before. -Han Hye-jin? Please wait a moment. Yes, she's one of Dr. Yun's patients. That's great. She's an old friend of mine. Could I get her phone number? I can't give you any personal information. She has another appointment soon. I'll tell her next time that you wanted to meet her. There's no need. I'll come and see her myself when she comes next time. Don't tell her about me. I want to surprise her. DIRECTOR YUN PIL-JOO What was Se-ri asking for? She said she met a friend here by chance, and was looking for her. A friend? -Who was she looking for? -Han Hye-jin. Don't tell Ae-jeong or Se-ri that you saw me here. Why is she looking for her? Mi-na and Se-ri weren't close. And I'm sure Se-ri would never want to see Mi-na. But how do you know Mi-na? I just heard about her from Se-ri. CLOTHING DONATION BIN Spiderman. Hello, Mr. Conan. What are you doing here? I need to find something. Sir, can you help me? I have to get something that my aunt threw away in here. Is that what you were looking for? Yes. Didn't your aunt throw it away? Yes. She wouldn't like it if you bring back something she threw away. She didn't throw it away because she hated this. She cried when she was throwing this away. MUSCLE PAIN RELIEF Jin, don't confuse me anymore. I really want things to work well with Pil-joo. Everything will be fine without you in my life. So get lost. I'll practice these lines to this, and I'll say the same thing to the real Jin. I'll just practice one more time. Jin, don't confuse me anymore. Ae-jeong. You're being swayed by me, aren't you? You're so confident and full of pride. You really are. I have something to show you. Come to my house. Aren't you going to ask what it is? Jin, come to think of it, I came when you asked me to come, and left when you asked me to leave. I was so obedient until now, wasn't I? So just listen to me this time as well. -Why don't you listen to me this time? -Listen to what? That line you were practicing? I'm not going to get lost. Jin, let's go on a picnic. What? Do you want to? If you want to, will you wait for me? Will you come if I wait? Can't you just wait without asking questions? If you want to wait and go on a picnic with me, wait in front of my house today. I have a shooting to go to, so I'll be off. Ae-jeong. I'll wait. Please come. Do it like this. -Hey. -Yes. -Did you check everything over there? -Yes. All right. Today will be about Mr. Yun's hobbies. You two can do a puzzle over there together. You know, last time when we asked you to cook together, you were too focused on the cooking, and you didn't even talk. Don't do that again today, and do some talking, okay? -Talk. Talk, please. -Okay. We shouldn't talk when focusing on a puzzle, but it's difficult since she's making us talk. I'll do the talking. How could I dare focus on a useless puzzle when you're talking? What I said last time made you feel pressured, didn't it? But you were right. I should feel a bit pressured. So I've made up my mind to get rid of him from my heart today. So please help me with that. Please hold me here today so I won't run over there. Thank you for making that decision. I'm sorry I have to ask you for this. Hey. potato. I'm risking the remainder of my life today. I'm going to go wait for Ae-jeong. FROM: BROKEN PERSON AE-JEONG, THE POTATO YOU BROUGHT... What were you doing? I got confused since we have the same cell phone. I accidentally saw your text. It's from him. I don't want to see it. Just delete it for me. DO YOU WANT TO DELETE THIS MESSAGE? YES They really aren't saying a word. Is this a puzzle championship or what? But don't you think there's a lot of tension going on? If you like that so much, go join them. No, there's something going on between them. I'll help you. If it's hard, just follow my lead. Where would this go? -It was a good movie, right? -Yes. The day's almost over. I'll help you. If it's hard, just follow my lead. I did a good job going past him coldly, didn't I? He would have noticed that I ignored him, right? If he has any pride, he would leave me for sure. It's all over now. I'm sorry. It's probably hard for you, too. I'm so sorry. I didn't delete the photo he sent you. FROM: BROKEN PERSON Ae-jeong, the potato you brought grew this much already. I heard potato sprouts are poisonous, but I just kept growing it. It might blossom flowers soon. I can't hold you because I'm broken. So, can you come to me? Come and charge me so I can move without stopping. You evil jerk. Recharge. Subtitle translation by Ju-young Park 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 