The Greatest Love: Season 1, Episode 5 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 The Greatest Love 
 s1e5 - Episode #1.5 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 The Greatest Love (2011–…): Season 1, Episode 5 - Episode #1.5 - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 DOME NIGHTCLUB You rejected Se-ri's invitation and you're joining me in picking up women? I sent her flowers instead. Don't you have more patients since you went on the show? That's why I escaped with you. I can't tell if I'm seeing patients or if I'm on a blind date these days. SPECIAL PERFORMANCE BY GU AE-JEONG I guess Ae-jeong is doing a show at a nightclub. So she's singing over there? 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Yes. It's the tenth anniversary of her debut, too. But one sings at a concert hall, and one sings at a nightclub. Goodness. Hey, over there. Welcome, are you here alone? Ae-jeong is singing here tonight, right? Ae-jeong? I'm an acquaintance. Could I see her for a moment? She was supposed to perform, but it was canceled, so she left. -What? -It was suddenly canceled. Hey! I told you to take down that banner. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Hey, go take that order. Excuse me... Jin? Where am I? It must feel like you're dreaming since you're here with me instead of your dreadful reality. Did you bring me here? I was waiting to do a performance in front of the nightclub. I bought that performance. That performance you were waiting to do while eating cheap food on the day of your tenth anniversary. I bought that. Why? I was about to see how low you'd go, but I just couldn't stand it. -Why? -I hate seeing you like that. Why? I don't even get myself, so of course, you wouldn't understand. There's one simple explanation to everything. What do you think it is? Jin, do you... Do you like me? Ding dong. You really like me? Yes. That's why I'm so ashamed of myself. You said you were meeting someone. Did you see them? No, I just missed her. You didn't even see her then? Who is it? NATIONAL TREASURE GIRLS "HEARTBEAT" Did she go back to Seoul? DOME NIGHTCLUB I guess you're really upset that you didn't get to see her. Eun-ho, that guy is Dokgo Jin, right? I guess he really is famous, seeing how you recognize him. He's dating Se-ri, the host of our show. Really? But why did you mention him? I just think I saw him a while ago. No way. They'll probably be together since it's Se-ri's tenth anniversary of her debut. Why would he be here? DOKGO JIN So you're telling me that you have feelings for me? I'm making a confession. You kept giving me butterflies and tortured me by continuously lurking around with your pitiful looks, so I'm finally giving up and confessing. Well, whatever it is, you're saying you like me, right? -How many times are you asking me that? -It's just hard to believe you. I know it's unbelievable, but according to the numbers, it's true. It's over 110. It's 20 beats past the safe range. -My heart is pounding. -Let me see. Maybe this monitor is just broken. If you can't believe this, try touching it yourself. All right. Say something. Why? Is this too overwhelming to say it's an honor and that you're grateful right away? Of course, you wouldn't be that shameless to accept right away. Are you at a loss for words from getting butterflies? It really is an honor, and I'm really grateful. But I'm not getting butterflies. -What? -I feel bad to say this after I hearing your heart beat so fast. But my heart isn't beating any faster. Of course, you should try everything out. Playing hard to get in a situation like this isn't a bad idea. -That's not what I'm doing. -Then what is it? There's only one answer. What do you think it is? I don't have any feelings for you. I'm sorry. Is there something wrong with you? Are you still not fully awake? This situation does feel like a dream. You're right. It's a dreamlike situation for you. People can't just come in here. But you're here. Why? Because I'm Dokgo Jin. Get it? Do you know why the lights at the amusement park over there are still on when it's already closed? The best actor in Korea said he had business here, so the best amusement park in Korea turned on the lights, so it wouldn't be dark. So I could do business in a well-lit environment. But how dare you ruin this dreamlike situation? It's a dream, so I have to wake up. You know, Jin, I don't want to get butterflies in a dream. I have to keep my eyes wide open and live diligently. So why don't you tell people to close up this place now and tell them to turn off the lights? Let's just pretend I didn't dream this dream. Then you won't be ashamed. Why did Dokgo Jin do that? It was nothing. I'll tell you when I get home. Yes, I'm going home right now. My goodness. Are you crazy? What are you doing? You nearly caused an accident! -Jin. -Get in. -What? -Leave your car and get in this one. We finished talking about this. -I want to go home. -You're not going to get in? Should I say you hit me from behind this time -and stay in the hospital? -Are you crazy? I did that when I got rejected by Peter. Do you think I wouldn't do it after getting rejected by you? Get in! I didn't tell anyone when I heard you got rejected by Peter. I won't tell anyone about this, either. How considerate. Why did you follow me? It's just more awkward and embarrassing. I'll just forget everything. I'll just remember this as a day I saw pretty flowers thanks to you. You saw pretty flowers thanks to me? Fine, then I'll tell you something about pretty flowers. You have to listen carefully, so I'll pull over for a minute. The title is The Camellias. The title is nice. The story is nice too, so listen. The main character is a pretty decent guy. He's from a decent family, and he's handsome. He's a decent guy that doesn't have any flaws. But that decent guy happened to fall for someone lame. -"Lame"? -Yes. She was very lame and pathetic. Anyway, that guy handed the girl a very tasty-looking potato, showing her his love. But that lame girl refused the potato, not knowing her place. How would he have felt? It wouldn't have been just embarrassing and awkward, right? -So? -That lame girl had a chicken she really cared for. -A chicken? -Yes. A chicken. The main character who got rejected started bullying the chicken that the lame girl cared for. He bullied that chicken endlessly, mercilessly, and violently! So what happened? That lame girl cried lamely, begging for forgiveness under the deep red camellia flowers. I'm looking for it right now. Gu Ae-jeong. I wonder what your chicken is. The shameful cherry blossoms of my heart have withered and now the deep red camellia flowers of revenge are blooming. They're blooming. It's him again. KANG SE-RI It's me, Kang Se-ri. I got the flowers you sent me. You must have been busy. I went somewhere with Eun-ho. What are you doing now? I just came back home. Do you want to join the after-party of my fan meeting? Mr. Kim said he'd come. I should get some rest since I'll be busy tomorrow. I didn't mean you have to come, I was just asking out of courtesy. Can I ask you something as well? What is it? This man named Dokgo Jin, is he there with you right now? Why do you want to know that? You weren't with him earlier either, right? He's not with me right now. He went somewhere on business. You're not a reporter or anything. Why do you want to know? It's my privacy. I'm sorry if I offended you. Have fun at the after-party. He just hung up. Was he embarrassed about asking that? Why is he curious about whether I'm with my boyfriend? This is your house. Why are you stopping here? What's wrong with parking my car in front of my house? Aren't you going to get off? Why are you doing this? -I can't go there. -What? Do I look that easy to you? You don't look that difficult. Get out. I'm not going in that house. Who told you to come in? Go to your house. Didn't you bring me here to take me to your house? I didn't. Get off. You could've dropped me off in front of my house. You made me misunderstand because you stopped here. I'm going to seem too easy if I drive you home. I'm going to make things difficult for you from now on. Did you already forget how I told you to listen to that story carefully? Jin, do you know what a weird person you are? Normally, if a man gets rejected by a woman, he'd be cool with it and give up, or he'd try hard to get her to like him. I'm as uncool as I am tall. And I can't be nice after getting rejected. I'm going to make your heart beat faster -with the method I'm best at. -What? You should be anxious about what I'm going to do from now on. I'm going to make your heart beat faster whenever you think of me, whether I'm near you or not. You're so strange. All right, then. I'm fine with all sorts of weird things, so I can tolerate all your childish tantrums. I'll just treat you like my nephew and show you affection. "Show me affection"? Okay, then. Try showing me affection. Ae-jeong, you look beautiful tonight. You told my impostor at the nightclub that if I said that, you'd show me lots of affection. Try showing me affection. Why are you acting so childishly? There's nothing I like about you. How could I? What do you mean? I'm perfect from head to toe. That's how I earn billions of won for a single ad. All you do is show off. You touched the fake Dokgo Jin so easily, but I guess you just can't bring yourself to touch the real one. That's the kind of guy I am. You can tolerate my actions? You really want me to show you affection? Good boy, Jin. My little Jin... Good boy. Do you think I'm your nephew Ding Dong? The way to show affection for a seven-year-old and a 37-year-old are totally different. Why don't you show me affection properly? No. Even if I'm cool about most things, throwing yourself at me like this makes me uncomfortable. If you keep feeling uncomfortable while watching someone, you might eventually see flowers blooming behind that someone. Ae-jeong. Keep watching me carefully from now on. One day, you'll see camellia flowers blooming behind me. See? You're already forgetting to go home because you're thinking about me. Go home. What am I going to do? My eyes, nose, and mouth almost disappeared from embarrassment, but I've recovered. I've recovered from it well. I'm tired. I'm so tired. THE CAMELLIAS That's a lot of bullying just for rejecting one potato. How does it end? You promise not to do that anymore? I do. If you do that again, I'm going to keep bullying you. I won't. I'll never do that again. Don't worry about the dead chicken. I won't tell anyone. And as if he was pushed by something, he fell down, holding my shoulder. So I fell down with him, and we got buried beneath the yellow camellia flowers. What was Dokgo Jin implying to me? Does he want to fall down with me? The sweet and strong scent of the flowers made me feel dizzy, as if the ground was sinking beneath me. "An amusement park event for Kang Se-ri's tenth debut anniversary"? I didn't even go near an amusement park. What is this? It's better than an article saying that you broke up since he didn't attend your fan meeting. Is Jin dating someone? What are you talking about? Even if he's dating someone, he wouldn't do a cheesy thing like this. There's no way. Are you reading the paper? Right. Now that you're on TV, you should start having an interest in this field. Oh, my. Your friend Se-ri is on the front page. There's always talk of them breaking up and getting back together. I don't know what's real. The one he was with was probably not her. Did you hear something from Se-ri? Tell me, so I can tell my friends. Give me your ear. Mother, I'm not really close to Se-ri. That Dokgo Jin guy is busy dating someone, but he still has time to meddle in Ae-jeong's business? That jerk. Dad, there's something weird about this. I'm sure Dokgo Jin canceled Ae-jeong's performance to take her somewhere. Ae-jeong said he was bullying her about doing that performance. How dare he do that when he isn't even the CEO? Se-ri really improved a lot in the last ten years. She wasn't much back then. She even got a special surprise from Jin at a place like this. Jenny. Would it be nice to be asked out by a guy like Jin at a place like this? Wouldn't it be overwhelming if the guy is too famous? I don't want to admit it, but Se-ri is also a top celebrity, so she matches his level. If it was someone like me, our levels would be too different, right? Then he would fall with you down to the bottom level and get ruined. Sorry. No, it's fine. That would never happen to me anyway. If I get involved with someone like him, I'd be totally ruined and just get cursed at by everyone. Is Jin seeing someone these days? What? Could it really be a woman? He's not the guy who would do such a thing for a woman. Ae-jeong. -Hello. -Hello. I have something to say, so wait in my office for a minute. What do I do? It's awkward to be with him. Should I just leave? No, if I leave like this, it'll seem like it's bothering me. Let's just pretend I'm totally fine. Excuse me. Ae-jeong. Did you sleep well? Yes. I slept very well with nothing on my mind. I didn't. I was thinking about you. To be more specific, I was thinking about your chicken. -My chicken? -I told you I'd catch it. I found one already. Do you want to see? What is that? DISCO NIGHTCLUB Ta-da. It's a flyer for my gig at the nightclub. Ae-jeong. It's a breach of contract to do a gig behind the agency's back. Wouldn't you be in trouble if Ms. Moon sees this? Did you bring that all the way here to threaten me about telling her? Seeing your face, I guess I got the right chicken. You canceled all that anyway. I'll pay you back. Give that to me. Give me that. Where do you think you're touching? -You were here. -Yes. And why are you standing there like that? Sit down. It seems like you did something pretty interesting last night. What happened? I just looked at some flowers. That's all? You just looked at flowers? Yes. Things just ended with me looking at pretty flowers. I'll go now. You two can talk. Ms. Moon. CLUB What is it? Do you have something else to say? This... What is it? Tell me. Cherry blossoms are in full bloom. You should go see them when you have the time. He's never going to tell me who he went to see the flowers with. You saw the article too, right? You must have a hard time blocking all his scandals. There's never been such a romantic one, though. -It's the first time? -Yes. It's the first. The one with Se-ri got out because she was following him around and the paparazzi took a photo of them together. And I didn't block the articles because there were ridiculous rumors about him being gay at the time. Anyway, they're not officially broken up, and there's a huge commercial contract with them as a couple. I'm worried he might cause trouble. Why did you want to see me? It's hard to get a hold of your solo album. Bring me any if you have some. Why? Don't you want to sing again? You're going to get me a record deal? This is excellent! She's really going to get a record deal for you? She said we'll think about it. Ae-jeong, your career is starting to blossom again. Appearing on a show as a fixed member, and now a record deal? Right? If my career is blossoming again, I'm going to water it well and make great results. I should keep my mind off things that would ruin me, and come to my senses. Ae-jeong. -Are you leaving now? -Yes. Are you going to perform at another nightclub today? How did you know about that? I went to that area to pick up women and I saw the flyer. You saw that. Please don't tell my agency about that. So you did it in secret. I get it. But Pil-joo saw it, too. Please don't tell anyone. I'm a celebrity that desperately needs to earn money. Please understand my situation. All right. I won't tell anyone. There's no one to tell anyway. But it was your tenth debut anniversary, wasn't it? Did you have a good time? I got to see flowers, thanks to someone. The flowers were pretty. You should try going to that nightclub. If you mention my name, they'll shoot up more flames for you. They shoot up flames at nightclubs? Yes, with the lights. I've never seen it. I haven't been to a nightclub. You never went to a nightclub before? It's really fun if you go there once in a while. I enjoy studying more. What? Your mother must be really proud of you. She has a son who enjoys studying. I should have a son like that someday. If you want a son like that, you should marry a man who's like that. Right? But men like that are very obedient to their mothers, so they won't marry someone like me. I sometimes rebel against my mother, though. How? I purposely do things that my mother hates. Like drinking, smoking, and gambling? No, not like that. It's actually a secret. -I eat ramyeon. -Ramyeon? Yes. My father who passed away used to tell me I should listen to what women say and make them happy. But sometimes, you don't understand them and get angry. Then my father and I would eat ramyeon together. The only way we rebelled against my mother was eating that ramyeon and not enjoying the food she cooked. I should really have a son like you. Who did you go see the flowers with? You should've told me. We're supposed to be a couple, you know. We're only pretending. If I meet someone that I want to date, I'm going to show you who he is. Don't be too cool about it if I do. Show me a little jealousy. I'll do the same. You don't have to. I guess you do have someone. She better be really decent. Or else I'm never going to let you go. I promise to let you go even if you meet someone lame. He's an up-and-coming composer. Just think of this as getting to know each other over dinner. Okay. Yes. What is it? Jin? All right. I'll be there. We have to stop by the studio where Jin is shooting. Why? Dokgo Jin. Let's shave it. I will absolutely not shave it. I look the best when I have this. Shaving will reduce the quality of my looks. The advertisers earnestly asked for you to shave it. They want you to show people a new look. Right. I saw a photo where your fans photoshopped your mustache off. You looked really handsome. You're already handsome, and without your mustache and beard, girls will go crazy over you. Yes. What do you think, Gu Ae-jeong? What? How would I look if I shaved my mustache and beard? I'm not sure... -Is she serious? -Seriously... She's unbelievable. "I'm not sure"? -How could she say that? -What's wrong with her? See? Some people might not like the idea of me shaving. I will not shave my beard and mustache! "I'm not sure"? Dokgo Jin. You put me in a tight spot. Just shave it off. I'm not sure. I think you're going to look great if you shave. You'll be really handsome. Girls will go crazy. -Are you happy now? -I'm not sure. You're doing this to me on purpose, aren't you? You're playing a prank on me, right? -Ding dong! -Do you think you're a doorbell? Stop saying "ding dong" all the time. That's how I can go inside. -Go where? -Your chicken coop. Ding dong. Cock-a-doodle-doo. I have to catch your chicken. I read that story, The Camellias. Even if you keep bullying my chicken, I will never fall down with you. -What? -I'm going to be totally fine with it. I told you, I'm cool with pretty much everything. Hearing that takes away all the fun out of chasing a chicken. Fine, Ae-jeong, who is cool with pretty much everything and will never fall down with me, how will I look if I shave? You have to shave, it's a billion won contract. Forget all that. What do you think, personally? Well... I think you'll look good. Really? I'll shave, then. -What? -I'm shaving because of you. If I tell you not to, are you going to keep it? Of course. Should I not? Of course you should shave. The whole staff is waiting for you downstairs. You should get ready now. Since I'm shaving because of you, you have to do something, too. What? I can't believe it. You look so great. You're the best! You never cease to amaze me. You should've tried shaving it earlier. You really are the best. Did you expect such results? Shaving it looks so much better. You look more handsome. All right. Everything is perfect. You just need that makeup. Ae-jeong? The photographer says your lips would be perfect. And Jin says he'd feel more comfortable if you did it. It's just for the makeup, so don't feel too awkward about it. Help him out. For his fans, this is something only someone who did something amazing in their past life could do. All right. Kevin? Are you nervous? Then just close your eyes and stay still. Hurry up, everyone. I'm going to make your heart beat faster whenever you think of me, whether I'm near you or not. This is driving me crazy. I should wash up and pull myself together. My gosh. I'm going to make your heart beat faster whenever you think of me, whether I'm near you or not. Why am I seeing this? I should get some fresh air and pull myself together. I must be crazy. CAMELLIA FLOWER ACCEPT CALL -What? -There's someplace we need to go. Come out. Do you think I'd go anywhere with you? Your heart is beating fast right now. When that happens, you need to go all the way to confirm it. I did that, too. I came to your house so I'd seem easy today. So come down. What are you doing? This is exhausting, come on. Okay, fine. If I go all the way and see the end, I'll be able to come back to my place, right? Jin left by himself again. I think he went to see a movie with that someone. A movie? Jin always goes to the theater to see the first and last screening of his films, saying it's etiquette. Is today the last screening of his movie Fighter? Yes, so he rented an entire VIP theater. He always forced me to join him even when I begged not to, but today he said I didn't need to come. That's strange, right? I'm sure he's taking someone else instead of me. Ae-jeong. Why in the world do I like you? -What? -You look cheap and have a poor background. What do you think is the reason? How would I know the mind of someone who has an elegant exterior and a luxurious background? Why are you asking me that? Who else could I talk about this with? I only have you to talk about it with. So you're talking to me about this because you're too ashamed to tell anyone else? Yes. So keep this secret. If you go around bragging about this, I'm going to report you. Anyway, I feel much better after talking to you about it. But I still have doubts. So I've thought about this seriously, and... Ae-jeong. Do you have some kind of magical powers? Magical powers? I think it'll explain things if you had magical powers. You know how there are stories about shamans using their powers to change the hearts of men who've cheated on their wives. Maybe you have powers like that, and you're using them to control my mind. Are you saying that I'm a shaman and that I made you fall for me? Well, this situation is really mysterious. I'm just saying it could be a possibility. If it's not that, then... Maybe you have a lot of special energy, or stuff like that. Special energy? Sexual energy? Try to be more discreet. You know how people say men are drawn to women with that energy. You're the one who said you liked me, and now you're blaming me. I might not have magical or sexual energy, but I have some crazy energy. Be quiet before that crazy energy starts exploding. Of course, your crazy energy is well-known. You slapped Se-ri with that crazy energy and lost your popularity. And now you're in this state ten years later. How is it that whenever you open your mouth, you always say stuff that seems as if it's coming out of your asshole? What? "Asshole"? I made a huge decision to come outside, so don't make me upset. Just don't say anything. Gosh, you're always so rude. Seriously! You're so clumsy. It's dirty. Wipe it off. You're blaming everything on me when it's your fault. I mean, wipe yourself, not the car. Forget it! During the studio shooting, the kind of date you'll be doing with each woman will be decided. Then you just have to shoot the outdoor dates. All right. We worked really hard to get this cruise date. Ae-jeong shouldn't get this one. Why shouldn't she? We prepared the cruise date to be a really elegant and luxurious one. But with Ae-jeong there, she'll make it look kind of cheap. We paid the most for this one. But still, if she acts a bit silly in such an elegant environment, it could be quite funny. If she gets this, she could do a parody of Titanic! I should tell her to do this to look funny. Don't play along, just show her a bit of reaction. You know what that parody of Titanic is, right? I don't know. Your order is here. Please bring it here. -It looks delicious! -How much is it? -It's 20,000 won. -Okay. -Enjoy your meal. -Okay. Let's eat first. Join us, this place has great kimbap. No, thanks. I'm not eating. Does he hate kimbap? No, he's not picky. I'm sure he eats everything. Then why isn't he eating? How weird. Whatever. Go have dinner while I'm in the meeting room. Okay. Hey, Se-ri. You only had chicken breast all day. Should I buy you a sandwich or something? Don't you know that I'm careful with my diet before a shooting in case I bloat? Are you trying to tease me? I'll be back later. You recognize me well now. What's that? -It's ramyeon. -Ramyeon... FRIED KIMCHI You have kimchi, too. Yes. Fried kimchi. Do you want some? I have a shooting tomorrow. Ramyeon will make me bloated, so I can't. I'm really just going to have one bite. All right. Aren't you going to eat this? FRIED KIMCHI Then, should I just have one more bite with the kimchi? Okay. I ate everything... Why didn't you stop me? I ate the whole thing! I didn't get the chance to stop you. You just kept eating. I must be crazy! Is it such a big deal to eat one ramyeon? What would you know about this? If my bloated face gets shown on TV, people will take screenshots and upload it online, mocking me. Do you know how many people would say things like "She got fat" or "She got an injection"? Darn it. What was I thinking? -What do I do? -Ms. Kim. I'll send you a prescription right now. Can you make it and... Gosh. Where should we send it? To my house. Nonhyeon-dong, 234-5. I'll send you the address as well. Please send it early in the morning. All right. The medicine will help reduce the bloating. I guess you just found out my home address. I don't tell that to just anyone. Should I have it sent somewhere else if it's uncomfortable for you? No, it's fine. But make sure you're the only one who knows my address. Okay. Then, I'll get going. Mr. Yun. I ate your ramyeon, so I'll buy you a meal next time. Instead of a meal, could I ask you for one favor? -What is it? -For that cruise date, can you make sure I don't have to do that Titanic parody? -All right. -Thank you. Well, then. It was so good. I must have gobbled it up so fast. What if I looked disgusting? I should've eaten it slowly. Then I could have talked with him more. Mr. Yun! Instead of a meal, I'll take you to the movies. FIGHTER There we go. The last screening of Fighter is today, but I haven't seen it yet. Mr. Yun, what movies did you see that my boyfriend starred in? I haven't seen any that Dokgo Jin starred in. There are two films that had over 10 million viewers. I'm not that interested in movies. Did you just come with me because I asked you to when you don't even like watching movies? Pil-joo's not the guy who would do something he doesn't want to. Nowadays, it seems like he's become Dokgo Jin's fan. He kept asking about him. Is that true, Mr. Yun? No... Yes. I'm curious about what he's like. It's the VIP theater, right? I'll go inside first. I'll get drinks and stuff to eat. No. What I hate the most in the world is people who make noises while watching a movie. Then I'll just get some coke. We have to sit there for over two hours. I think we'll get thirsty. No. The slurping sound is the most annoying thing in the world. Can't I at least get some dried squid? I won't make any noise eating it. No. Don't get anything. Why is she so obsessed with eating stuff? He always tries to get everything his way. Ms. Moon, I'm at the theater. Okay. Just check who it is from far away. Don't let Jin see you. I'll wait in front of the VIP theater and see who it is. And... Should I take a photo, too? FIGHTER The others went to get drinks and snacks to eat. Okay. Mr. Yun. I'm curious about something. Last time, on the day of my fan meeting, you asked me if I was with my boyfriend. Well... Why were you curious about that? You said you didn't have any interest in celebrities. But you seem a bit interested in Jin. Are you curious about what my boyfriend is like? If we have the chance, let's all meet together. With Dokgo Jin? Isn't that Ae-jeong? Why is she going in there? It was Ae-jeong? I can see a movie with him. It'll be fine up to this point. Oh, no. Look at my hair. My hair's all crazy from wearing that hat. What should I do? Should I tell Ms. Moon? Jae-seok? Are you here to see a movie? You must be here to see Fighter since it's the last day. Great, I came with my team. We can watch together. Mr. Yun, I'll show you my boyfriend. Is that okay with you? Sure. Where's Jin? Is he inside? -He's in the VIP theater, right? -You can't! I don't think we can watch together. Is he with someone? No. Excuse us for a moment. He's with that woman from before, right? -I don't know. -Don't say you don't know. Who is it? I don't know. -Who is it? -I don't know. -Who is it? -I don't know. I can just go inside and check. I won't tell him you told me. Tell me who it is. -Who is it? -I don't know. -He has a woman, right? -What? -A woman? -There's a woman, right? It's not? It's not a woman? Who is it? I said, who is it? Are you sure this is enough? -Are you buying, Ms. Han? -I am. You haven't done that in a while. I'll buy again next time. -Here's your snack. -Okay. Wow. This looks delicious. It looks good. Thank you. Hello. I'm a bit... Can you pretend you didn't see me? I'm sorry. What are you doing, Ae-jeong? AE-JEONG Where are you? Watch the movie by yourself. I'm not going inside. Coming here is the farthest I can go. I'm going to come to my senses and go back. I even bought the coke and popcorn you talked about, I even bought potatoes. Why are you doing this? Those potatoes really scare me. Are you avoiding me because you’re afraid I'll catch your chicken and harass you? Yes, I'm scared. I'm scared that I don't avoid you. Honestly, I'm scared because I don't feel harassed by you. I want to be cool about this whole situation. I went through a lot during the ten years and I learned my lesson. I'm scared I'll forget what I learned just from getting butterflies at my age. I think you're not afraid of anything since you're mad at me. But what will you do if I ask you to not let go of me? Subtitle translation by Ju-young Park OpenSubtitles recommends using Nord VPN from 3.49 USD/month ----> osdb.link/vpn  
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 