The Greatest Love: Season 1, Episode 8 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 The Greatest Love 
 s1e8 - Episode #1.8 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 The Greatest Love (2011–…): Season 1, Episode 8 - Episode #1.8 - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 What are you doing? The person who bought Ae-jeong’s sneakers to donate ten million won to charity is me. We’re from the same agency, and a special person in my life is also the MC of Couple Making. I wanted to quietly donate money through this charity auction... But things went out of hand. I apologize. Mr. Dokgo, was it just a simple donation? 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Then, why did you bid on Gu Ae-jeong’s sneakers and not Kang Se-ri’s bag? I guess I’ll have to reveal something else that I wanted to keep quiet. It was all for a simple reason. Along with the ten million won, I was planning to donate 1,000 pairs of sneakers. -What’s that? -Is that a truck? What is it? They're shoes! He's awesome. What is that? -Just take a photo! -What is it? -So... -He's amazing. Whenever I do something like this... 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 I’m given the title, “Charity Angel" Dokgo Jin, or the "Wingless Angel”, which is burdensome and embarrassing. I really didn’t want anyone to find out this time, but since it has caused a stir, I would like to bow my head and sincerely apologize. -Dokgo Jin is amazing. -He really is. -He really is something. -Recovered! GU AE-JEONG'S SCHEME IS TURNS OUT TO BE DOKGO JIN'S ACT OF CHARITY CHARITY ANGEL DOKGO JIN SPREADS THE LOVE WITH SNEAKERS Dokgo Jin supposedly bought the sneakers to make peace with Gu Ae-jeong regarding the Ankle Girl and Riot Girl incidents. Isn't a thousand sneakers a billion won? With all his commercials, he sure is causing a stir over a tiny donation! What the... Did you ever donate 100 won? Donating sneakers is admirable. The general consensus approves of my donation. Your sneakers are famous, too. If you were a little more liked, you could’ve gotten some commercials. Since you did the good deeds, you should be getting the commercials. That not a bad idea. Sports athletes have always been chosen for those commercials. I'll target them with my new image. I should tell Ms. Moon at once. You really surprised me earlier when you showed up, and-- Did you think... I'd say I bought the sneakers because I liked you? Aren't you afraid of getting a bad reputation for being involved with me? I don’t like it. It’s burdensome. Although you slightly broke my heart, my brain functions well enough to know not to start a scandal with someone who doesn't like me. I decided to accept what you said and the fact that this is a one-sided love. As embarrassing as it may be, there seems to be a few perks. Since it is one-sided, we won't have to get involved in real life. If you know that, from now on, don't buy ten million won worth of sneakers. I can handle my own business. The upside of a one-sided love is that I can do whatever I want. I know you won't love me back and I don't plan on asking you to. Don’t be concerned about what I do with my business. It would’ve have looked better if you had bid on my bag. A designer bag is a collectible. Sneakers looked better. Jin... Does Ae-jeong have some sort of leverage on you? Yes, an extremely big one. So, don't treat her badly. I won’t have to deal with her anymore anyway. Today will be her last taping. What? Why? She'll be eliminated today. The crew is discussing it with Pil-joo. If we want our show to keep going, we have to take Ae-jeong out. Your true feelings aren't an issue here. But to protect our show, please eliminate Ae-jeong today to make things look good. Eun-ho, do I really have to eliminate Ae-jeong? The thing is, if you fixate on Ae-jeong and don't give the other girls a chance, the show loses too much suspense. We can’t force you to do anything, since the ultimate choice is yours, but try to understand our situation, okay? So, the person who won the bid was you. Thanks to a certain “anyone” who kept raising the bid, I was able to donate a large amount. You may think you were protecting Ae-jeong, but I think you just made it harder and more confusing for her. If that's the case, then you can save her by not eliminating her from this show that she’s betting her life on. If only I could, I would like to take Ae-jeong away from your world that keeps hurting her. Yes, this world is like that. Yet despite how much it hurt her, she survived. She pathetically held out and won each time. That's what's amazing. For someone who is not a celebrity, the only way you can protect Ae-jeong is to hand her the rose. Help her by not getting her eliminated from the show that she is willing to do whatever it takes to stay on. Okay? COUPLE MAKING I explained everything to Pil-joo, so he'll know what to do. Okay. You don’t look well. We thought your bag would be an issue-maker. How did this happen? Are you okay? I'm sorry I was just watching by when you were in a difficult position earlier. Everything worked out, so it’s okay. I don’t think I can protect you the way you’re supposed to be protected in your world. I’m going to do it the only way I know, so please forgive me. If you have to eliminate me today, don’t worry about it too much. I won't blame you. Hello, I’m the host of the third season of Couple Making, Kang Se-ri. I believe today is the second round of eliminations. There are three roses left with four contestants remaining. Everyone seems quite nervous as they await a rose from Pil-joo. Who will ultimately be eliminated? All right, Pil-joo. Are you ready? Okay. It’s now time to choose. Pil-joo, please hand out the roses. We expected it. He really doesn’t get it. So she survived after all. His first choice is Ae-jeong. Now, please hand out the second-- -What? -She got two? What's going on? What? What's happening? This is amazing. Really? What’s he trying to do? Wow! Hurry! Take a picture! I told you to give her one rose. Who told you to go all out? Se-ri! End it! We’re going to take a short break. The leverage Ae-jeong had... was his heart? Why did you do that? Even if they decide not to air today’s taping, that won’t fix anything since the reporters saw everything. I told you I was going to do it my way. Although I apologized to you earlier, but it is more accurate to say... that I was upset at myself. It upset me to see you hurt and misunderstood. And to see him show up and confuse you. That upset me, too. Pil-joo-- Jin is the person who’s on your mind, right? I've seen you two together. You all live in a world where things don’t match up. I don't understand it. I wanted to take you out of that world. To do that, I felt like I had to take one honest step towards you, and stop you from being swayed by him. These... are my way of honestly showing you my feelings. Now, I want to protect you from getting even more hurt, before I cure you. Ae-jeong. I... like you. That doctor is no good. Ae-jeong is betting her life on the show. But he just made it worse for her by going all out with the roses. She could become a doctor’s wife. Why would the show matter? Do you have any idea how passionate she is for television? She works so hard just to make a living. If she doesn’t need to earn a living... the show wouldn't matter. Does it hurt again? I'm fine. Whether it’s one rose at a time or a whole bunch of flowers at once, they're both shocking. I just need to get past this. As long as I don't see her. The thing is... the producers are having a meeting to discuss how to keep the two of them on the show. What? They're not being kicked out? What’s done is done. Let's get a grip and straighten this out. What should we do about next week’s taping? Although we’ll be able to find new female celebrities, how do we find the perfect man in a week? We’ll follow the Pil-joo and Ae-jeong storyline. Until we reorganize the show, we’ll just follow the story of Pil-joo and Ae-jeong. That's right. Will Ae-jeong accept Pil-joo or not... Just this would be enough for an entire week’s episode. Since Pil-joo knows what he did, he won’t be able to say no. And Ae-jeong would definitely want to do it, right? Ae-jeong, there’s a lot of talk over the article about you and Pil-joo. The women are dying of jealousy. Once it airs, people will go wild. It'll look nice because they'll overexaggerate it to make it seem like a pathetic Cinderella was saved by a prince. How about in real life? Doesn't it actually feel nice? In real life? It’s nice. They don’t want you to do any interviews until the next taping. So let's hurry and avoid the reporters. -Wait here. I'll get the car. -Okay. I can't go to this person. And what to do with this person? I've become full of luck. She was dying for joy after one rose. Now that she has a whole bunch, she's lost her whole mind. All right. Let's just drive past in a cool manner. I can recover. Why? Because I'm Dokgo Jin. Depart! Jin... What? Why did you stop me from rushing out? I thought something was wrong with the car. If nothing is wrong, then goodbye. No! Might as well get in. -I need to talk to you. -About what? You’ve lost your mind after that bunch of flowers. But I have to tell you another flower story. The camellia flower story? That’s over. Another story. Aren’t you curious? Get in. The title is... Azaleas. The poem? I know that one. "When you are disgusted to see me and leave, I will be silent and send you off in peace." I want to lay down azaleas on the path you'd take. You don't need to go that far. No, I'll make sure that I do. To see if you'll be able to gently tread over them. Listen to me carefully. This is an elementary school. I didn't really get to go to elementary school. -Why? -Because I couldn't. I was always in the hospital. -Why? -It's hard to believe since I'm so healthy and incredibly sexy right now, but I used to be a sickly boy. You used to be ill? That's right. I was sick. For a very long time. I couldn't do anything. After a miraculous surgery ten years ago, I decided to become an actor, because it was a job that let me do everything. I’ve never heard anything like this about you. That's right. Hardly anyone knows that Dokgo Jin was ever sick. How were you sick? I had a bad heart. When I said I need to stay within a 60-90 heart rate, it really was in an effort to protect my heart. Really? My chest has been torn. Why are you telling me this? So you would feel bad for me. I told you I would lay down azaleas for you. My heart is the azalea that I will lay in your path. It hurts so much, even a gentle step may kill me. Can you... tread over it? Is your heart that weak? Yes. It hurts so much. So you have to refrain. -From what? -From going to that guy! Don't tread over this. -Mister, pass us the ball! -Mister, pass us the ball! You rascals... Stop lurking around and go away. -Darn it. -Darn it. Hurry and get the ball. Run! Jin. Aren't you healthy now? That’s right. I read that you ran after a truck for several kilometers in Fighter. And what about the muscle pain reliever? In the commercial for that, you did 100 push-ups in a minute. I watched you boast about it on a TV interview. Don’t think about those things and touch here. Look here. What about this? Explain this, then. That tickles! An azalea should be pure and fragile, but your body’s too beastly. This is just for show. Are you telling me about your old surgery to make me feel bad for you so you can beg for my love? I'm not begging you. I'm asking for your sympathy. Since I'm sick, you should be more understanding. When you want to go to that doctor, imagine me collapsing in pain. Your conscience won't let you go to him. You're so nice that you would understand someone as evil as I am. Thanks to you, This will be the highest ratings in my career. There were a ton of people in the editing room, too. I’m sorry. Since you’re sorry, you have to do another episode. It'll be of Ae-jeong’s response to your proposal. The ratings will increase even more. I’m okay but I’m not sure about Ae-jeong. Ae-jeong would join without a doubt. Don't you think? I would have understood if you didn’t give me a rose, and I would have been thankful if you had given me one rose. But since you gave me three roses at once, I don’t know what to do. The truth is, I don’t know what to do either. I’ve never done anything like this before. Does that mean you might dump me here? Please give me some time. Okay. How much time? Don't ask me as if you're asking me when I can pay back your money. But I guess emotions are like interest. They grow over time. How about three days, no interest, but paid all at once? Can you give me some more time? All right. Think about it. But Pil-joo, we’re really desperate. Not done right, the show could go down. You bear a heavy burden, okay? I’m desperate, too. I should've burdened her, too. Pil-joo. Remember I said I was going to officially announce my breakup? It’s because someone has gotten between me and Jin. That someone... is Ae-jeong. Aren’t you surprised? I already knew that. You knew that and still gave her three roses? I wanted to catch her because she was being swayed. I hope you won't go out of your way to make it hard for her while she tries to regain her balance. AZALEAS "When you are disgusted to see me and leave, I will be silent and send you off in peace. From Mount Yak in Yongbyon, I shall gather an armful of azaleas and lay them on your path. With each and every step you take, gently tread over the flowers as you leave. When you are disgusted to see me and leave, I would rather die than to shed tears." This poem isn't bidding farewell. It’s saying that one would rather die than to say goodbye. ...the host of the third season of Couple Making, -Kang Se-ri. -Three roses at once? With the breeze of spring young hearts are fluttering... Everyone seems quite nervous as they await a rose from Pil-joo. This is so embarrassing! What am I going to do? MR. KIM What am I going to do with you, Pil-joo? What do I say? I can't believe this. I don’t believe this! Three roses! His choice is Ae-jeong. With the breeze of spring young hearts are fluttering... GONGJIN-DAN 200,000 WON PER PIECE TOP GRADE MEAT LATEST MODEL VAN AE-JEONG'S ALBUM YUN PIL-JOO VS DOKGO JIN You're lying. You shouldn't lie. WE'RE FRIENDS We even got a bonus for getting highest ratings. And they don’t want us to get rid of Pil-joo and Ae-jeong, but to create an exclusive spin-off and go as far as we can with it. A spin-off? Do you think the two will do it? Of course, you have to do it! It's your first time doing it, right? Yes. This is your chance to erase your bad reputation. The cherry-picked perfect man chose you. If people continue to watch it, you'll seem to have depth. It'll seem like you have a mysterious appeal. If I have a good relationship with him on TV, I might get a favorable reputation? Just wait and see. If you get involved with Yun Pil-joo, people will like you. And why don't you actually date him? From an agency's perspective, we're completely on board. THE PERFECT MAN CHOOSES GU AE-JEONG Since it already happened, I should reveal the truth. But how am I going to explain why I hid the truth? Let's see now. What a nightmare! Ma'am. You must've read the article. You read this too, right? Yes. They look so good together in the picture. Who looks good with whom? Do you think Ae-jeong dares to be a match for my son? What? Your son is the one that likes her. What are you talking about? Ae-jeong is the one that seduced my innocent son! How did such trash get a hold of him? How dare you say such things? Mr. Kang! I’m not Kang Se-ri’s father, but Gu Ae-jeong’s father! What? Gu Ae-jeong's father? That's right! Who are you to say such things about my precious daughter? How perfect could your son possibly be? If you have such a precious daughter, why did you steal from me and say you were Se-ri’s father? "Steal from you"? Because I ate some gongjin-dan and this much meat, I stole from you? What else is it? Both you and your daughter are so pathetic and cheap. Fine! I’ll vomit everything I ate, and I’m going to make sure my daughter doesn’t accept your son! Please do so! CHUNYEONG CLINIC Hello, I’m the host of the third season of Couple Making, Kang Se-ri. With the breeze of spring young hearts are fluttering... The new episode of Couple Making... Dokgo, it's me! Is it another replay of Couple Making? They've been playing so many reruns, and it's even on cable too. If we add up all the reruns on the main channel and on cable, that means more than half of the country has seen Gu Ae-jeong like that. That's right. So, the Couple Making production crew decided to create a spin-off of the two. -What? -It's like a... documentary about a real relationship. Since they're already a huge hit, ratings will soar once it airs! You... It’s going to be interesting from the first date. First date? If they become an official couple, they'll be portrayed as more tender lovers than during Couple Making. They'll be sent on their first trip, too! No... And the highlight of the trip will be their first night together! How can they air that on public broadcasting? If they do, I'll sue. You're right, if it really happened, they wouldn't be able to air it. It's so unfortunate! Oh, my stomach! Damn it. As Ms. Moon said, you definitely seem more appealing now. Pil-joo seemed like such a quiet guy. Why did he suddenly turn proactive? ...and stop you from being swayed by him. Was it that obvious that I was being swayed by him? You’ll meet with Pil-joo today and confirm the show, right? Yes, I should. Do you want me to drop you off? No, I said I would call him later. Do you want me to go with you as his in-law? No, you guys should meet alone. Just hurry and meet him. Would it be better to hurry and talk to him? Even if I lay down azaleas, I think she’ll stomp all over them. Is this the next patient's chart? No, it’s this one. Thanks. I’m sorry. I messed up again. What’s wrong? You’ve been like this all day. I'm really nervous for something today. You're sweating. Pardon? I’ve never seen you like this before. This is a first for me as well. Hi, Jin. You're here. What are you doing over there? I was told to sign for the 1000 pairs of sneakers you donated. They only need mine. Yours isn’t necessary. -Really? Then, should I just go? -No! I’m sure that out of the 1000 children at least one of them will want your autograph. Good Ae-jeong. Don't go anywhere and continue signing. You seemed like a professional on television. What do you mean? You didn’t make a fuss after receiving all the flowers. It was classy. You remained dignified and not affected. That’s a pro. Is that how I looked? I was really nervous. I would've gotten 120 if I had that on. Your heart must've... been pounding hard enough to reach your stomach to hit 120. Guess lying about the pen was worth it. Yes. Lying that he'd found the pen was him being honest. I shouldn’t have thrown it into the ball pool. I guess it's because you sign a lot. You sign really fast. We’ll get through these really fast. What? I’m signing each one for my fans by pressing all the love I have into the signature. There we go. Look! "Gu Ae-jeong's hidden appeal" is one of the most searched on the internet. She's on television and won Pil-joo's heart. What if she makes it big? She must be so confused since two amazing men are after her. I wonder if something like that would've happened if I stayed in the industry. Jenny, how would you feel... if two men... pursued you at once? I don't know. I would take them both. -She's a bad girl. -She's a bad girl. What's she doing here? It’s been a long time, Jenny. What are you doing here? To see if Ae-jeong was here. She’s not. Is she out with Jin? GU AE-JEONG What’s that? It’s a four-leaf clover. I’m drawing it to wish the people who get this good luck. That’s so childish. It would be better to throw in another dollar in the box. On the day of our debut, one of the members, Mi-na, found a four-leaf clover. After that, we all became a huge success. So, I believe that four-leaf clovers bring good luck. In the end, the four of you ripped apart. But how did you end up with such a bad reputation? Just as everyone knows, I hit Se-ri. Did you really hit her? Yes, I was so mad that my hand went up like this. You should’ve done it when no one else was looking. Anyway, every time I see Se-ri, it reminds me of that time and makes me feel awkward, and a bit uncomfortable. Jin is the one that likes Ae-jeong. Ae-jeong doesn't care for him. Jin likes her? For Ae-jeong, things will work out well with Pil-joo. So, make sure you two stay as a couple and don’t drag Ae-jeong into it. Why not? If Jin and I break up, I'll blame it on Ae-jeong. You are truly evil. Did you forget how well Ae-jeong used to take care of you? I only remember getting hit by her. Don't you know why she did that? Don't you remember what you did to Mi-na? Mi-na got sick and collapsed because of you. That's why... Ae-jeong was angry at you. Why are you bringing up the past without any proof or witness? If Han Mi-na shows up, there will be a witness. It won't be the past anymore. NAME: HAN HYE-JIN You made a late appointment. It's better for her not to see me. Please hide me! It's nothing. -Please get home safely. -Okay. You're right. To be honest, I considered finding a different clinic. I saw you on television and planned on avoiding you. But after reading the news, I thought I should see you at least once. Because it seemed like you'd become an important person in Ae-jeong’s life. Are you here because of Ae-jeong? Yes. My previous name was Han Mi-na. I was a member of National Treasure Girls with Ae-jeong. Don’t you think Mi-na sent this? She vanished completely. Even if she did, if you harass Ae-jeong I bet she'll reappear. Do you want to drink this? Thanks. I feel queasy. Is it indigestion? -Try this. -Okay. Mi-na! -Goodness. -Mi-na! Are you okay? My stomach hurts so much. My stomach hurts so much! Are you okay? It was just a prank. What did I do so wrong? That was all your fault, but Ae-jeong took all the blame for it. You should be grateful that she kept her mouth shut. If you try to do something, I’m going to find Mi-na and expose everything. I didn’t know Mi-na would get that sick, and that Ae-jeong would break up the group so easily. If I think about it, Se-ri and I kept having misunderstandings. Within our group of girls, some of us grew closer than others, and shared secrets among ourselves. We couldn't share them altogether. I think that's how the misunderstandings multiplied. What kind of secrets? What kind of secrets? They wouldn’t be secrets if I told you. Did you take all the blame because you were too foolish to defend yourself? At the time, I thought I could take full responsibility. I didn't know it would make people dislike me for the next ten years. The fact that you’ve endured all the hate for the past ten years... I think it's really amazing. Are you really complimenting me? You asked me whether I was scared to become like you. I admit it. I'm always scared. That's why it concerns me to see you enduring those scary situations. And it made me look twice at you. Did you feel sorry for me? No! This isn't pity, but... How do I describe it? Empathy? Ding dong. It’s getting really hot. This is nice and cool. The side with the picture is even cooler. Press hard. Ms. Moon, I’m at your office right now, so let’s talk. We may be here all night. Press hard. Should I do your autographs? Give it to me. Give it. -Really? -Of course! You may be hard to get, but your autograph is easy. -Gu... -That's not it. It's the same! The clover. If Ae-jeong likes him, then I guess I'll have to hold onto Jin and not let go of him. Then, Pil-joo will probably be treated the way he treated me. I can’t end things with Jin. My show is in trouble because of Ae-jeong, and you want me to announce my breakup? Absolutely not. We have a contract. If you force me to break it, I'll round up the reporters and cry. Ae-jeong is my savior. Please treat her well. Yes, that's why I'm waiting for her. Do you want to know what she used to like? Ae-jeong, if your hand hurts, take it easy. We have all night. PERFECT MAN Hello? Yes. Yes. Yes. That's three yes's. Why can't you come? -Are you being held by Dokgo Jin? -Yes. Is he being pathetic and clingy to you? Yes. What an idiot. Toss him a bone and hurry over. -I'll be waiting. -Yes. Ae-jeong. Agree to my three following questions. I told you my heart was an azalea flower, right? Yes. I told you not to step on it, right? Yes. But you’re still standing on top of it. Wouldn't it be better if you just walked over it? So what I'm saying is just... go. Okay. Hello? Are you busy? Yes. I guess you’ll be late? Yes. Call me when you're on your way. Yes. I'll finish this. During our National Treasure Girls days, the red bean pastries from the bakery in front of our house were four-leaf clover-shaped. Ae-jeong really liked those. She bought them often and shared them with us. She said we can share the good luck that way. Dr. Yun, buy some and share them with her. I wanted to share them and impress her. GU AE-JEONG DOKGO JIN Are you on your way home? Pil-joo, I'm almost home. Should we meet for a bit at Jenny's? Yes. I was waiting for you. RED BEAN PASTRIES I heard these were really good. I received them as a gift at the clinic today. I love these pastries. It's from that bakery! -Really? -Yes. The National Treasure Girls used to live in front of this place. It's so far from here. I haven't had them in a long time. What a wonderful surprise! I'm glad you're happy. Please have one. These have to be shared. It’s shaped like a four-leaf clover. You shouldn't eat up good luck by yourself. It should be shared. Have some. Does that mean I’ll have a good day? Since you're my good luck charm. Thank you for thinking of me as your good luck charm. You’re actually my good luck charm. You’re a real four-leaf clover. But inside of me... there are cherry blossoms, camellias, and azaleas sprinkled around so it's hard to see the clover. You're right. This looks too boring and average to captivate a heart at once. But these types of bread are the best. I think my heart's gone crazy with the flowers. With time, these do turn out to be the best. Ae-jeong, should we extend our deadline? If it's too hard to start for real right now, how about we start on television? Start on television? Yes. You can do your professional gig. I'll play the real me alongside you. I'm not losing anything. Because after time passes, the clover will turn out to be better. You're growing faster than I expected. If the poison keeps growing, won't you die? I didn't even go past my safety zone. Why does it hurt so much? One-sided love is poison, too. What if I end up dying? GWANGHYE MEDICAL CENTER Dr. Jeong is doing an emergency surgery. You'll have to wait an hour or two. I'll wait. Was he into girl groups? NATIONAL TREASURE GIRLS "HEARTBEAT" He has their CD, too. Dr. Jeong has an emergency surgery at his hospital. He has to take the helicopter now. I think you have to go home today. Dr. Jeong listens to those to relieve tension during his surgeries. Other doctors listen to classical music, but Dr. Jeong only listens to girl group songs. Hold on! Did he ever listen to this song... My heart beats faster... during his surgeries? Yes. Only once in a while these days, but when it was a hit ten years ago he always had it on during heart surgeries. During heart surgery ten years ago? If the song was played during my surgery, that explains everything. Doctor! It's Jin! Doctor, when you performed my heart surgery ten years ago, did you play this song, “Heartbeat” by the National Treasure Girls? What? I don’t have time to joke around. I'm going to save a heart that’s about to stop. This is an important story about my heart, too! Please try to remember. Did you play this song during my surgery? NATIONAL TREASURE GIRLS "HEARTBEAT" Doctor, isn't this song too distracting? No, it's nice. They're saying their hearts are beating fast. It's the perfect song for a patient getting heart surgery. You're right! This song was playing during your surgery ten years ago. Are you sure? Your surgery was one of my best ever. I remember everything about it. I see. I see! That's right. Ae-jeong didn't disarm me. I was hypnotized! Recovered! Recovered! Pil-joo said he would do it if Ae-jeong is willing. The basic outline has been made. It's up to you now. It’s not just a small section of Couple Making. It can be as much as twenty minutes long. Twenty minutes! If I do this, The entire nation will watch me date Pil-joo, right? That's right. Ae-jeong, television is television, but I really do hope things work out with Pil-joo. Showing how things work out with him on the show will help Jin find closure. Ae-hwan! Hi, Ae-jeong. Are you here with Jin? No, I came because of his documentary. Jin is sick and at the hospital. Sick? Why didn't you go with him? He goes to the hospital alone. He hates appearing sick. -Is it bad? -He doesn't say. Is he really sick? Jin really hates hospitals. The fact that he went means he's in a lot of pain. Is he very sick? Is your heart that weak? It hurts so much. So you have to refrain. I told you my heart was an azalea flower, right? Yes. But you’re still standing on top of it. Wouldn't it be better if you just walked over it? So what I'm saying is just... go. Sneakers, you can't step on him, right? You're worried that he'll be hurt, right? You miss him, right? Ding dong. Will 6090 open the door? What should I do? Ae-jeong! The alarm has been disarmed. I heard you were sick. Are you okay? I need to confirm something first. AE-JEONG AZALEA FLOWER As I thought, I'm back to normal. See. I'm between 60 and 90. Normal, right? Yes, does that mean you're better now? That's right. You'll be very happy to know this. -What is it? -Ae-jeong. My heart doesn't beat faster because of you anymore. Why not? I don't have butterflies in my stomach because of you anymore. Why not? There's only answer to all of this. What do you think it is? So... you don't like me anymore? Ding dong. Subtitle translation by Sunny Jeong OpenSubtitles recommends using Nord VPN from 3.49 USD/month ----> osdb.link/vpn  
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 