Chocolate: Season 1, Episode 2 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Chocolate 
 s1e2 - Episode #1.2 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Chocolate (2019–…): Season 1, Episode 2 - Episode #1.2 - full transcript 
 Kang fights for survival. Kwon Min Seong falls for Cha Yeong, whose dumpling soup is so delicious, he longs for it even after their eventual breakup. (Source: Netflix) 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Download MyTotal.TV to watch your favorite TV www.mytotal.tv THE BEST TV APP ALL CHARACTERS, PLACES, COMPANIES, AND INCIDENTS IN THIS DRAMA ARE FICTITIOUS EPISODE 2 After that day, I developed a new habit. Whenever I'm distressed, feel like I can't breathe because of a heartache, or just want to give up everything because I cannot handle the sadness, I eat chocolate. -Have I -Yes, doctor. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 told you about meeting -Can you please sign this? -my first love again? I don't intend to date anyone for a while, and I don't have time for it either. I'm telling you not to waste your time. I hope you quickly recover. He got the wrong idea though. For me, it wasn't love yet. That's for the cows. This is for us. Although... I was smitten with him for a little while when I was a kid. "Lee Kang"? "Lee Kang"? -Do you know me? -I didn't even remember his name 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 because I had forgotten about him for many years, and I thought I could quickly forget him as soon as I left the hospital. Hey, hold on. Look at this. It's spring water from Mount Gyeryong. We have to sprinkle this in all directions to never be hospitalized again. Hey, are you still going to that male shaman? Your talk about water made me want to pee again. I'll be quick. Why you little... You're supposed to be farting, not pee like this again and again. Do better if you're embarrassed. What the hell did you say? You evil bastard. You're already saying that? I haven't even begun yet. Kang! "You evil bastard." Come back for lunch. I'll make you chocolate shasha. He used to be a boy angel who embraced my childhood with the warmest and happiest memories. But someone called that boy angel an "evil bastard." I became curious about him. What happened to him over the years? Is he really not the boy that I knew when I was little? We'll be late. Will you make the bus? Sorry? Will you not miss the Sokcho-bound bus? There's an accident on the crosswalk, so it'll take a while. What happened? Looks like the cardboard cart has fallen. -Where are you going? -I'm going to go help him. Don't. It's raining. Just stay inside the car. Still... Not today. Look. No one's helping him. Cha-young! What are you doing? Get back inside! I wasn't mistaken. He was definitely that boy, my first love. I used to imagine what kind of man that boy will grow into. And he had become exactly the man that I used to imagine. I didn't want to hide anymore. I wanted to be honest with my feelings. I've been battling terrible headaches for about a month now. I went to a walk-in clinic nearby, but it didn't help. Dr. Kim Yeong-gil can't accept new appointments -until next week. -Oh, no. I'd like to see Dr. Lee Kang. Dr. Lee Kang got dispatched to a hospital in Libya a few days ago. What? After he went to Libya, about six months have passed before one morning, I heard about him again. I think he got badly injured. He might not even be able to come back to his home. Hello. I heard you were injured. Critically injured. I was curious about you. I wanted to know what you've been through and if you'd remember me. I was also curious about the chocolate shasha, which you said you'd make for me. I want to know more about you. So please, come back alive and tell me all about you. What is going on? -What? -Did you decide to take Kang off the ventilator? I'm not the one who made that decision. Did you agree though? Your grandmother made that decision. You've probably heard, but Kang won't make it. Who has the right to decide whether or not he'll make it? Jun. Dad, leave Kang alone from now on. I won't just sit back and watch. You see, you didn't have to send him to Libya like the biggest coward because I could've totally beaten him. I could've crushed him with my skills. You were no match for Kang's father, but I'm different. I'm not incompetent like you, Dad. That brat, how rude. What are you doing here? I'm here to beg your father to save Kang. What did he do so wrong? Were you that anxious that this hospital would become his down the road? You said you're here to beg my dad. Then do that and leave. Kang ended up like that because of you people! Hey. Just do what you came for and leave, you prick. What did your family do when his mother passed away? You didn't want people to find out, so you kept it on the hush-hush, denied to hold a funeral, let alone a proper burial. You cremated Kang's mother and wiped her out without a trace! I guess my family was embarrassed. Because that woman, Kang's mother, was an embarrassing flaw that my family wanted to hide. Even so, you should've at least asked for Kang's consent. To decide how he wants his mother to part with the world. Maybe not a proper grave, but at least a columbarium niche where he can visit. Right? I guess we knew this would happen. That Kang wouldn't be able to visit her. What? Cha-young, your brother is here. -Sorry? -Your brother is here. Even your sitting posture is perfect. How do you do that? -Tap your fingers. -I see, fingers. -Make it rhythmical. -Okay. -Three-four time, right? -Tae-hyun. There she is! Hey. This is my sister, Moon Cha-young, a chef who cooks with her heart. Hello, I've heard a lot about you. You know the biggest galbi restaurant in the country, right? Hanseong Garden. They started a steakhouse franchise recently, and it's doing so well too. He's the eldest son of the family. Was that kind of rude? Enjoy your meal. I hope you enjoy the food. So you make all the dishes yourself. It'd hard to juggle it with running the restaurant. Who are you talking about? Of course you know how it is. Yes, sure thing. Even though it's just a small restaurant, running a business is no joke. And she's doing it all by herself. To tell you the truth, there's a truckload of men who want to date her. But I'd never let her date any of them. She needs a boyfriend like you who's always going to be there for her. Wouldn't it-- -Are you talking about me? -Yes, obviously. Even Miss Korea. Everyone said she'd at least win the Miss Photogenic award if she participated. Snap! "You have such beautiful eyes!" Snap! Everyone tried to make her do it, but she refused. Why? Because she's got such a healthy mindset. Her nickname is BH. BH Moon. It stands for "Beautiful Heart." In this appearance-oriented society, she's against judging people based strictly on looks-- Hey! -What is your name? -I'm Seo Kang-ho. Mr. Seo, this punk is trying to dupe you. Have you lent him any money? -BH. -No, not yet. I bet he'll ask you to lend him some money very soon. You won't get the money back, so just don't do it. And I don't own this restaurant. I'm just a chef who's on salary. I spend a third of my income on paying the loan interest because of the troubles he caused. Cha-young, that's one crazy lie. I wanted to be a Miss Korea because of the cash prize. But as you can see, my height, body size, and looks don't suit a Miss Korea. So I gave up, after they gave me shit for coming on. This is yours, right? Where did you find this? I was going to return this to you as well if you were crying. The bench in front of the hospital. I didn't even know I lost my wallet. How did you know it was mine? I saw your business card inside. Thank you. Well, could you send me your account number? I'd like to offer you a reward. I heard some incredibly happy news the moment I arrived at this restaurant. A miracle happened to my friend, who made me cry yesterday. A miracle? Primo Miracolo? The name of this restaurant. It means "the first miracle." Yes. It's all thanks to you. You misplaced your wallet and made me come all the way here. Then the first miracle happened. FOR THE FIRST MIRACLE IN YOUR LIFE Please gift him with the first miracle as well. This is our chef. Hello. This is a ricotta cheese salad with yuzu dressing on the side... Thank you. I heard Dr. Lee Kang's family is in Libya now. Everyone keeps quiet about it. But I think they went to collect his body. Gosh, Cha-young. -I'm sorry. -You're burning the steaks. Hey. Gosh, you're burning up with fever. Where's this smoke coming from? -Did you burn the steaks? -Cha-young is burning up with fever. This isn't good. Come this way. I'm really okay. What about the group reservation? We have Chef Jeong. And I can help out as well. See? You have a high fever. I've never seen you this sick since I first met you. See a doctor right away. Then I'll get some rest today. All right. I'll work hard again from tomorrow on. Get going. Go. Are you all right? Get in. I'll take you to the hospital. BADA RESTAURANT Want to go with Mommy? My son. It's hard, isn't it? Do you want to rest next to me? My mom is under the collapsed department store. Please save my mom's life. Grandma, please. They didn't have your funeral. And they didn't even build a grave I can go to. They must've been ashamed of me. They didn't even consider me family in the first place. Ms. Jung Su-hui. You know how much I love you, how much I missed you, and how much I wanted to stay by your side, right? Even if something about Su-hui comes up, don't bother to prepare a funeral. If it becomes public, it will just be something people would gossip about. Yes, Mother. But... now's not the time. I have something to do. I know you feel lonely there, but just wait a little more. I'm sorry, Mom. Hello, little girl. What is your name? -My name is Yoo Ha-eun. -Yoo Ha-eun? This is for you. Let Santa give you a lollipop. Now, which one should I give you? This one. Don't you like it? Turn your head and look outside. Thank you. Merry Christmas. Merry Christmas. Do you know today is the 100th day? Since I confessed my feelings to you and got rejected. Taking heart of grace, I confess them again. Please accept my love. It's Christmas. I am a person who lacks in many things. So am I. I believe love is two people supplementing each other's weaknesses. IT'S CHRISTMAS! That's enough. You can stop it now. But I was almost done. Remember that I told you this. You just don't know it, but Moon Cha-young is a woman with a lot of flaws. I grind my teeth in my sleep and have a lot of belly fat. I'm lazy and not that bright. I even have a bad temper, and am heavily in debt. I'm not good at anything except cooking. It's okay. I wasn't fed well growing up. Cooking is just enough for me. People are watching. I don't care. It's Christmas. There's a guy who keeps staring at us. Stay still. I bet he's envious of us. He must be really jealous. He's watching us without moving an inch. Isn't he a strange man? I guess he is a strange man. He's really ugly, but he's holding a flowerpot. The flowers are pretty though. He might have been stood up by his girlfriend. Just stand still. I don't want you to make eye contact with a guy who just got stood up. What if he steals you away from me? Does he look that strange? Should we call the police? He's walking toward us. You just got here right on time. She accepted my love. Have we ever met before? Who are you throwing lame pickup lines at? You rascal. She has a boyfriend. Merry Christmas. Please take good care of Min-seong. Please make him happy for a long time. I'm sorry I made a joke. He's my best friend. His name is Lee Kang. He recently came back alive from the world of death. It's snowing. So we're having a white Christmas this year. I'm glad I didn't die. I get to see snow falling. Why are you so excited? It's so cold! An important client is visiting me. I don't think I can make it to the movie. I'm sorry, but watch the movie with Kang. I'll eat with you after the movie. I'm really sorry. Cha-young. Where's Min-seong? LETTER OF RESIGNATION Why are you going to Greece all of a sudden? I can't stop myself from falling for him. I miss him. So... I'm going to a place where I can never see him. SUMMER 2018 Chris Bay of Heaven Stone, the world-famous rock band fell off a crane while having his concert in Korea. Chris Bay is now being transferred to hospital. We have Reporter Lee Yeon-ju here. Reporter Lee Yeon-ju, how is Chris Bay doing now? Chris Bay seriously hurt his head in the accident, and he's said to be unconscious at the moment. There are fans from both home and abroad and news reporters waiting in front of the hospital that he is being taken to. Chris Bay has just arrived in an ambulance. GEOSUNG UNIVERSITY HOSPITAL Celebrities from all over the world are hoping Chris Bay's speedy recovery... What is going on? Why is Kang performing surgery on Chris Bay? It is attracting a lot of attention from people all over the world. They are talking about who's performing the operation. Why would you give such a fantastic opportunity to Kang instead of Jun? Is there little chance of success? Not really. It's their decision. They want Kang to perform the operation. What? Have a seat. I guess his agency did some research on Kang's career in Libya. They want a surgeon who saved dozens of lives in such poor surroundings. They can trust him with their artist. This is driving me crazy. Then you should do something. Assign Kang to another surgery and make an excuse-- Kang also knows how important the operation is. He would never give it up. Gosh. I thought he was a cub, but he's become a lion already. There's an acute subdural hemorrhage to the right of the fracture. The hematoma has caused brain herniation from the right hemisphere to the left for about two centimeters. We have to get rid of the acute subdural hematoma first and see if he comes around. Okay. Follow up on the brain CT scans. Due to lung damage-- -Your phone is ringing. -Pick it up and say I'm busy. We might have to cooperate with the CS. It's Min-seong. Give me that. Excuse me. I thought you'd never call me again. What is it now? Do you know how many times I called you for the past week? I thought something happened to you. In-ju? What's wrong with you? I'm a doctor. I can't believe you never told me anything about this. Mr. Kwon Min-seong needs to be taken to the OR right now. Are you sure you can save him? What? Are you sure you can save my friend? You haven't done this before, have you? Didn't you also cause a medical accident recently? -I heard it was an absurd mistake. -My gosh. Dr. Lee. If you're not confident, get out of the way. You'll die in my hands if something bad happens to my friend. Sir. Aren't you on Kang's team? How dare you come in here without knocking? I'm sorry. I was in a hurry. The thing is, Dr. Lee Kang just... I'm Lee Kang from Neurosurgery. I'll be in charge of today's surgery for Kwon Min-seong. Let's all do our best. I'm Lee Jun from Neurosurgery, in charge of Chris Bay's surgery. I hope we all do well. Scalpel. PRESIDENT, KWON HYEON-SEOK Don't worry. I'm going to save you today no matter what. Drill. My name is Lee Jun, a neurosurgeon, and I was in charge of Chris Bay's surgery here at Geosung Hospital. Dr. Lee Jun, a neurosurgeon at Geosung University Hospital who was in charge of the surgery, told the press that the surgery went well and that Chris Bay is currently recovering in the ICU. DR. LEE DISCLOSES CHRIS BAY'S SURGICAL PROCEDURE Kang. You did great. You haven't eaten yet, have you? I thought I'd be able to save him. Min-seong already knew that there was no hope. And I knew it too. That's why he told me not to tell you. I'm sorry. Don't be sorry. I thought maybe a miracle might occur. But I guess it's called a miracle because it doesn't occur that often. I'm sorry. There's no need for you to feel sorry. Even I had given up on him. I should thank you for not giving up until the very end. I'll take Min-seong from here. HOSPICE: A FACILITY THAT HELPS TERMINAL PATIENTS RELIEVE THEIR PAIN SO THEY CAN DIE A PEACEFUL DEATH Unbelievable. I had to charm some women to get these for you. It's not too bad to be sick. I'm really grateful for those figures, but how about you just quit your job? If I do, the medical field is doomed. Where will they find a skilled doctor like me? A skilled doctor? As if. You couldn't even cure your one and only best friend. I would've if you had come to me earlier. You're the dumb jerk for not telling me until it became this critical. Why would I ever tell you? You know how much I hate Dr. Lee Kang. Where's In-ju? She went to work. She took too many days off because of me. She might get fired. Should I take some days off and be here instead? No, just quit instead of taking days off. Something must've gone wrong with the surgery. You keep talking nonsense. Exactly. You committed malpractice. I'm telling you. You need to quit, you quack. Mr. Kwon, your meal is here. Thank you for saving me. I almost got sued by this jerk. What? Thank you for the meal. What's wrong? Is it hard to eat? No. It tastes horrible. It requires some talent to cook something this horrible. I want to eat dumpling stew. Should I get you some? I want Cha-young's. You've never had her handmade dumpling stew, have you? It's the best dumpling stew ever. Why are you even talking about her? Why would you mention that bitch who left you? -You're even engaged now. -I wasn't talking about her. I was talking about her dumpling stew. I'll go get you something. Tell me what you want to eat. I want Cha-young's handmade dumpling stew. My wish is to eat it at least one more time before I die. -Hello. -Good morning. Good morning. How are you? -Thank you. -Thank you too. Let's go. Hello? Yes, that's me. What? Who broke what? Damn it. I don't know. -There, he's looking at us. -I know, stop. Oh my gosh. Don't look. You look beautiful. You want to go for a drink? Yes? No? Gosh, you're so beautiful. It seems like you understood what I said. How about we go for a drink tonight? Or, Poto? My gosh, that jerk. Come on, please. Come on. Get going, you two. Hey. Damn it. This is the wine I drink once a week, Romanée Chanté. It's expensive, but it's pretty good. Who wants to drink it with me? Look at all these likes. I like you too, darling. LIKE So many people liked my post. Romanée Chanté! Cha-young. My gosh, hey! Come on! Where are you going? You don't even know how to swim! My gosh, the water's freezing! Where are you going? Get over here! I don't have any money to pay for the wine bottle you broke. Once I die, you can use my insurance money to pay for it. Okay, fine. Get out of the water first. I get what you mean. But there's something you don't know. If you commit suicide, you can't get the money. This is common knowledge! Well, at least I won't ever have to see you again! Why do you keep doing this to me? Why'd you follow me all the way here to make my life so miserable? Were we enemies in our previous lives or something? How did you know we were enemies? Do you remember? I was Queen Inhyeon, and you were Jang Hui-bin. -"What did you say?" -What? That's what the shaman told me. We hated each other in our previous lives. You were so mean. I mean, think about it. In my previous life, I ended up dying because of your curse. You totally framed me. You stole my husband. Then you kicked me out and killed me! Compared to all the stuff you did, this is really nothing. I mean, come on. I'm only causing a little bit of trouble. This is nothing. Let's go. Okay? Let's go. My gosh, where are you taking me? -My goodness. -Come on. Hey! My gosh! Okay, fine. I'm sorry for the stuff I did in our previous lives. It's all my fault! Let's just end our lives here and now. Let's just start over. And when we're born again, let's make sure we never ever run into each other. I'm sorry. But I really love my life. So how about you just give up and just accept it? Jang Hui-bin, think of the sins you've committed in your previous life! Damn it! This is why you need to be kind to others, in your past life as well as this life. You mean jerk. I mean, come on. You envied me, framed me, coveted my husband, and even committed adultery. You shouldn't have done any of that. Stop crying! You mean jerk. Cha-young. How many jobs do you do, other than being a chef? I need to earn money. I heard her little brother broke a bottle of Romanée Chanté at Dimitris' restaurant. The bottle wasn't even open. -Really? -Yes. But doesn't a bottle of Romanée Chanté cost over 8,000 euros? What am I telling you? Damn it! It's making me angry again! I heard that the winery association, is holding a cooking competition for their festival soon. -And? -And whoever wins the contest will get a bottle of Romanée Chanté as the prize! Are you serious? What did you just... Can you please repeat that? The person who wins the contest -will win a bottle of Romanée Chanté. -She says you should give it a try. WINE, COOKING WINE, COOKING Mission. Make a dish that will best suit the three wines that were released by the Monemvasia winery association in 2018. COOKING CONTEST D-2 COOKING CONTEST D-1 My signature dish that will go perfectly with a glass of 2013 Pino Grazia the Beef Brisket Consommé. BEEF BRISKET CONSOMMÉ Add beef brisket into a clear broth. Cook it at a heat of 80°C for four hours. Then let it cool as fast as possible at a very low temperature. THE DAY OF THE COOKING CONTEST Is Romanée Chanté really the prize? Moon Cha-young is the best! Moon Cha-young rocks! Sincerity and warm heart creates the best dishes! Cooking requires blood, sweat, and tears! Go, Cha-young! You show them! Good job, Cha-young! Go, Cha-young! She is determined to win a bottle of Romanée Chanté. -Good luck! -Let's win! COOKING FESTIVAL I want Cha-young's handmade dumpling stew. My wish is to eat it at least one more time before I die. Why does she suddenly want to break up? This is just my gut-feeling. But I think there's another guy. Greece? What made you come all the way here? I came to cook. I barely managed to escape all the way here. Where else can I go now? I'm in love with someone else. Subtitle translation by Young-ju Kim 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 