Green Frontier: Season 1, Episode 1 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Green Frontier 
 s1e1 - The Deep Jungle - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Green Frontier (2019–…): Season 1, Episode 1 - The Deep Jungle - full transcript 
 The murders of four missionary women bring Helena, a detective, to the deep jungle. Years before, Yua and Ushe are tasked with protecting the jungle. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 A NETFLIX ORIGINAL SERIES The deep green. The animal's song. The flow of the river full of life. Mother Jungle, you are my home. No matter how much I flee, although men do not wish to see. You are the home of the world. Mother Jungle, you are the origin of everything. The spiral, the seed, and the skull. Eternity is yours. Mother Jungle, a demon has set foot in your entrails. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 One that does not belong here, in your nature. I have been with the moon, the sun, the jaguars and the walkers. Their wisdom has accompanied me for two hundred years. And although I have abandoned you, allow me to free you from the white demon that rots your insides. Agent Poveda? Pleasure to meet you. Excuse me, we don't see many female agents from CTI here. Don't worry, I'm used to it. Nice to meet you, I'm Officer Reynaldo Bueno. Did you forget to wash your uniform? I don't wear it when I'm in the communities. Our speedboat already left. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Those bodies must be rotting in this heat. I hired a private boat. It'll be 80,000 pesos. Seriously? I can't buy a soda with what the major gave me. Why do you guys believe it was uncontacted natives? They were killed with arrows. That's rare around here. Dear. If it was those guys, you'll never find them. They're like ghosts. Those tribes have been hiding in the jungle for years. They know it like no one else. They've never left it. Even the drug dealers are scared of them. Thanks. Agent, - it's a pleasure. - How you doing? - How was your flight? - All good. You moved the bodies? They weren't going to last long in this humidity. It's a miracle they weren't swallowed whole by some animal. What about the children who found them? They were scared shitless. - Did they see anything? - No, but at least they said something. If not, they would have been left missing, without a proper burial. Look, Agent, the killing arrows are in those bags. But let me tell you something, those were the Uncontacted. And finding the Uncontacted is pretty tough. That's why they call them the Uncontacted. What should we do then? Ask them to send the army and comb the whole jungle? Major, I have orders to follow. And you will have to follow mine. All right? All right, agent. Let's open those four bags, take out the arrows, and get ready to go back to the crime scene. I want to go through everything. All of them are white? White and blond. Well, those three, because the last one looks more like you. The victims are missionaries of Edens Church. Only women are allowed in that sect. The congregation is in Yurumí. They've been there for years, but they evangelize a lot in these areas. Where is the photographic record? We forgot the camera at the station. Don't worry, I have a sharp eye. Agent, we did this already. If you want, we can give you the reports. Did you sweep the entire area? No, our priority is to cool the bodies down. It's getting late. Navigating on this river is very dangerous. You're right, major. Take the bodies. I'll stay here with Reynaldo. My boat is paid for the entire day. Keep an eye on her. We don't want the Manigua to swallow her. Agent, my phone? It contains material relevant to the investigation. Don't worry, I'm not going to look at your porn. I wish I had a data plan to watch porn. Let's go, Ramírez. They were running. Escaping, right? The tip got stuck on something. Or someone. Which tribe does it belong to? No. Is there anything over there? The indigenous reservation is that way. It's protected by the Guard. Yes, but is there anything there? The ruins of the Puerto Manigua rubber mill. Okay. We can't go there, we might get kicked out. We have no jurisdiction. Wait for me on the boat, then. I don't want you to get in any trouble. Is this the rubber mill? Thousands of my ancestors were enslaved and murdered here. This is an indigenous cemetery. She's dressed like the others. She's not decomposed to any degree. She hasn't been here long. Maybe the killers are close. How did they remove her heart without leaving any trace of blood? Are you okay? This is how the rubber tappers used to tie the slaves to punish them. Or to leave them to die in front of their people, as a warning. We have to go. We can't leave the body. The Indigenous Guard? We have to keep going. If they catch us again, we will die as slaves. I will carry you. Your sister can run. Do as I say. She is tired. I can keep up. Carry her. What are we waiting for? For this idiot's father-in-law to let us in. We shouldn't have given them the body. We were in their territory. They have all the right to it. Do the Uncontacted do these kinds of rituals? I don't know. There's everything in the Amazon. But the blood, the way she was hanged. - It seems like a ritual. - It's a message. Or a threat. To whom? Didn't you feel like we were being followed? Grandfather has given permission for you to come in. Guns are not allowed in the community. My people are peaceful. You got nothing to worry about. Forgive me. We should never have separated. I should have protected you. You are weak, grandfather. Who are you? I am the new race, part of this Manigua, of this world that leaves you. Mother Jungle, let me see her for the last time. Forgive me. My body is left behind. I am finally free from you, him and the poison you gave me. Now, I am one with the jungle. You have abandoned yourself, Yua. You have forgotten where you come from, who you are, the responsibility your grandparents gave you. And in some way, I am to blame, and I am sorry for that. You are still stuck in the eternal darkness. And in order to free yourself, you must defeat the white demon we created. But if you don't come back to yourself to understand what you are, to respect the knowledge of the sacred roots, he will destroy everything. Our mother is in danger. Go back to the root. Go back to your essence. Let's go. I am not allowed to go inside. We do not receive visitors at this time. But I will make an exception, given the circumstances. Nice to meet you. My name is Wilson Nai. Agent Elena Poveda. Forgive the intrusion. Do you know her? She does not belong to our community, or our ethnicity. By her features, I believe she's a Mananuc woman. These are Chiribiquete feathers. No people I know would use them. It seems they drained her blood before removing her heart. The body is like this maloca. It has a head, feet, and a heart. The heart is the center of our existence. Connection with Mother Jungle. Without a heart, the maloca loses its essence, its connection. Is there an Amazonian tribe that practices that type of rite? Not that I've heard of. Our grandparents tell stories of beings who have been born at the same time as the walking trees. Some tribes see them as the ancient wise men. They call them eternal. They don't have blood or odor in their bodies. They do not eat, they do not sleep. They belong to the jungle, and they return to her, in the form of the walking tree. This face does not show the age she really is. I don't know why, but I feel like I have seen her before. You carry the jungle in your heart. Were you born here? She escaped death in her past. Just like you. Maybe that's why you had to come back, to find her. I'm going to call the Mananuc leaders. It is what has to be done. They're going to burn her? They can't. Yes, they can. The body belongs to their tribe. If they burn her, we'll never catch whoever killed her. That woman lived with her people 80 years ago, but she did not aged. To them, she is bewitched, they must purify her. They can't end a police process based on superstitions. These are not superstitions, young lady. You are in Nai territory. You have no say here. Reynaldo, what are you doing? I'm taking the body. We have to investigate who did this to her. This can't remain unpunished. Please, let me do it. I don't want to hurt anyone. I do this for the sake of our people. If you do this, you will not be able to return, ever again. You are no longer Nai. You are not worthy of us. Forgive me, please. Why were you kicked out of your community? Major Uribe can not find out what happened. Don't worry, I will assume all responsibility. But you did a good thing. Look. They are from the same congregation. They sell ointments, natural stuff. There are many of them here and in Yurumí. Mother Jungle. Darkness will cover us if we don't stop it. Tell me if I may drink your sap again. The one I abandoned to die as a human. FOR OUR DAUGHTER ELENA, THE ROOT OF OUR LIFE. The Chiric Sanango flower was not easy to find. It was thanks to Ushe, my new guide, that I found it. Grandparents say that it is only born when its root comes out of a dead human body. It is the flower that carries the soul of the deceased. Chuchuwasa is the drink of the gods. Plus, it's the cure for all sorrows. Another one, please. The second shot is the one doing the healing. Joaquín and Aura, they used to make a good chuchuwasa. It would even heal sorrows from the past. I did think you remind me of someone. Thank you. If you see Joaquin, tell him I said hi. How much is the bottle? Elena. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 