The Devil Speaks: Season 2, Episode 6 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 The Devil Speaks 
 s2e6 - Message from the Grave - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 The Devil Speaks (2018–…): Season 2, Episode 6 - Message from the Grave - full transcript 
 Michelle Despinasse is shot inside her own home in Nanuet, New York. She is rushed to hospital but succumbs to her injuries. Investigators discover that in her final moments, Michelle made ... 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 It was pretty much a normal day. I just remember screaming and screaming. You have a million different scenarios running through your head. There was some type of struggle. how could somebody do this? My experience is that killers do attend the funeral of the victim. only an evil person would do such a thing. I think I was totally unprepared to hear what I was about the hear on that tape. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 North of new york city, in rockland county, is the small town of nanuet. Driving back from her evening class at college, 23-year-old angie despinasse arrives home to find older sister michelle's vehicle parked out front. It was a shock for me to see michelle home before me because I got out of class earlier. So, I knew her class was a later class, so I should have been home first. But I noticed that the sensor light didn't go off, and I was like, "well, that's weird. How come she didn't turn on the light?" because whoever would get home first would turn the light on. Hello! 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Michelle? anybody home? michelle, what are you doing down there? When I first saw her, it was her legs. Michelle? When I called out to her and she wasn't responding, then I realized there was something wrong. My god. Michelle? My god. My god. Michelle? My... somebody help! My god! Please help me! Help me! Neighbor ruth ireland dials 911. I just remember screaming and screaming and ruth coming over to see if I was okay and explaining to her that michelle was hurt. Ruth's husband tends to michelle, but she's unresponsive. The first few minutes of any emergency is critical. Dispatcher called my unit and asked me to respond into the nanuet area. It's unnerving. Your adrenaline gets pumping. You know, you have a million different scenarios running through your head. when I got to the location, one of the first people I met up with was the neighbor, and they told me that the victim was unconscious and was breathing. I saw the victim lying down on the floor. She was bleeding profusely from the head. My initial instinct was that she had been involved in some sort of dispute with someone and had been struck in the head. I had no idea what she was struck with or how she was struck. With life-threatening injuries, michelle is rushed to the hospital. I just remember the urgency of having to get to the hospital and get to the emergency room. At that point, I had no idea what the outcome might be, but I think deep down I knew that it wasn't looking good. michelle and I still shared a room. I was 23. Michelle was 27. We were like two peas in a pod. You see my boots? No, but I smelled them. Ha ha, very funny. But everything she did, like, I'd followed behind her. I'm like, "michelle, where you going? You going to a party? Can I come with you?" "you're too young." I'm like, "please let me come with you." mom! And that's how my parents raised us, to always have each other's back. Mom! Your sister's your first friend. Their mom, denise, is a nurse who works shifts at st. Agatha's home. Mom, have you seen my shoes? Michelle and my mom were extremely close. We had a nickname for my mom. We called her "queenie" 'cause that was our queen. Thank you, mom. You're the queen. And even when my parents separated, you would never know that they weren't together because they were always very cordial. They always remained friends. Hey, dad. I'm going training, but mom and angie are home. Even though my parents got divorced, we didn't divorce my dad. michelle was a very active individual. She was always on the go. She played basketball. She coached basketball. Alright! Her players loved her. Nice! Michelle also spends her evenings taking classes for her nursing degree, following in the footsteps of her mom. Michelle always loved to help people. That was her passion. She was focusing on school to get herself together, but, I mean, she wasn't opposed to dating if the opportunity came up. And recently, michelle has met someone new she's excited about. So, are you gonna see nathan again? I don't know. I mean, maybe. The last time we saw each other was great, so... I don't know. We'll see. Bye. Bye, mom. Bye, mom. My mother didn't leave to go to work until 3:00. I was taking an afternoon/evening class 'cause I was studying nutrition. So, what time does your class finish? At about 10:00, but I'll call you. Move. My jacket. Jacket. Thank you. See you later. I didn't really think anything of it, but it was just like, "alright. See you later." "see you later." that's the last conversation I had with her. At good samaritan hospital, michelle is fighting for her life. Her family is informed that she's suffered severe head trauma. angie! The situation didn't make sense. this is my sister. She's gonna be fine. There's no way that she won't survive this. It's been us growing up all of our lives. That's who I know. That's my big sister. There's no way that michelle is not gonna pull through this. Meantime, back at the crime scene, officer gorsky and his team conduct a thorough search of the house... ...And soon discover the likely cause of michelle's head injury. Not too far from the victim, we located a spent bullet casing. The victim had been shot. Clarkstown police detective frank romano is assigned to investigate the shooting. The main job of the detective is to get to the truth. The first job is to look at the scene and see what it tells you. There was no sign that entry was forced, so it appears that whoever was there was either let in or had a key. there were some items on the floor, as well as some blood. There was some type of struggle. I need telephone records for the cell and house phone. Those records tell a story about a person. It leads you down the path of who you should be speaking to next. when I went to the back bedroom, I could see the answering machine, and the red light was flashing, which would indicate there was some type of message. It could be an important piece of evidence. 27-year-old michelle despinasse is in critical condition after being shot in the head. back at her home, detectives have just discovered there are unheard messages on her answering machine. It may tell you someone was trying to get in touch with her. It may assist you with a time stamp, but basically it's usually some very useful information. Let's take this, the machine and the tape, and I want a copy of that tape straightaway. Well, detective romano sent the tape to the fbi in quantico, virginia to have their lab make a copy of it so as to preserve the original evidence. As detective romano surveys the scene, something catches his eye. I could see that there was a hole in the floor. There may be a bullet there. It appears michelle was on the floor when the gun was fired. If we ever recover a weapon, we can tie that in to that particular round, so it's very crucial to recover that. it appeared that that particular round was a 9-millimeter round. It would tell us that it was most likely a semiautomatic handgun. Detective steve murphy canvasses michelle's neighborhood for potential witnesses. I had occasion to speak with jessica, a neighbor of michelle. Jessica told me that she didn't see or hear anything that night. Jessica last remembers seeing michelle on Sunday, three days earlier. Driving home, she caught a glimpse of michelle outside with a mystery man leaning up against a white s.U.V. She had no idea who that was. After receiving this information from neighbors, it's very important for us to find out who that individual was. Whilst processing the crime scene, investigators attend the hospital to question michelle's family and friends. ...Weird that she was home that early, but I... It's important to speak to people that had contact with the victim so you can establish a timeline. In speaking to angie and mrs. Despinasse, it was pretty much a normal day. Michelle had left the house in the afternoon and was on her way to rockland community college to take her evening class. This is michelle's friend. A friend named barbara comes forward claiming she spoke with michelle twice that evening. The first call was at 8:15 p.M. She called me, and she said she was getting out of class early that night and she was on her way home. Barbara had received a second phone call that night from michelle before 9:15, and in that call it was very odd because michelle was whispering, and she was telling her, "he's outside. He's outside." she sounded real scared, you know? She just kept saying that he was outside. Barbara said that the call ended abruptly and that she did try and call her back, but when she did, there was no answer. Michelle hung up before she could tell barbara who was outside her door. So, did she say who he was? No. She just said that he was outside. Barbara wanted to check in on michelle, but she was out of state that evening. It was important in our investigation to find out who michelle was referring to by saying, "he's outside." it appeared that it was someone that she knew. Between barbara fanner speaking to michelle at around 9:15 and then the 911 call at around 9:40, we were able to narrow down the time frame when this happened. most homicides occur by people that are known to the victim. It's important early on to identify her lifestyle and the people she has contact with. Excuse me. Do you mind if I ask you a couple questions? Sure, no problem. I know this is a terrible time for you. At the hospital, angie and a friend of the victim are questioned by the police. It was shocking. I can't describe what I felt. It was, like, surreal. Could you tell us about anyone michelle was seeing? Um, well, she was dating ken rogers for about five years. They ended things quite recently. Michelle and ken met at school. You know, she would tell me, "I met this guy," and I'm like, "okay, what does he look like?" and she's like, "yeah, he's tall. He plays basketball." so she was excited about meeting him. She thought he was a nice guy. At times, they had good times. At times, they had bad times. But michelle wanted to get married and have kids, and that's not something that ken wanted. And for michelle to decide that she no longer wanted to be with ken... she was very serious about that because michelle loved ken. Initially, it was what it was. They broke up. But then after some time, it seemed like he didn't accept it anymore and he wanted to be back with her. Was she seeing anyone else? Detective romano learns that after the breakup with ken rogers three months ago, michelle started dating a man named nathan walker. In August of '99, my cousin got married, and michelle went with my family and I to connecticut. While she was there, she met a friend of my cousin's, nate, and they hit it off. Did ken know she was seeing someone new? Yeah. Yeah. And do you have contact details for either of these men? Um, ken lives in the bronx. Okay. Thank you for your time. After 24 hours on life support, michelle's doctors deliver shattering news. We've tried everything. There's nothing more we can do. The bullet wound has left michelle brain-dead, with no chance of recovery. my mom and my dad had to make the decision to take michelle off of life support. You should say something to your sister. see you later. I've never felt that I've ever said goodbye to michelle because I always carry a piece of her with me. It's never been, "goodbye." it's always been, "I'll see you later." The following day at clarkstown police station, news reaches investigators that michelle despinasse has died. Thanks for letting me know. now it's a homicide investigation. Detectives head to the bronx to find ex-boyfriend ken rogers. We checked where he used to live at 219th street, they said he don't live there no more. They don't know anything about where he is. the stakes are higher, the pressure is on, and we know we needed to find the suspect before they disappear. Time is not on our side. Popular nursing student and basketball coach michelle despinasse has died after she was shot at her home in nanuet, new york. investigators are looking everywhere for michelle's ex-boyfriend, ken rogers, when out of the blue... He shows up at the police station. Ken rogers had found out that we were looking for him. Ken rogers. Thanks for coming. He believed that police wanted to speak to him about an altercation he had with his sister's boyfriend. It's about michelle despinasse. Michelle? The detectives did tell him that the reason they wanted to speak to him was because of the incident that happened with michelle. I know this is a difficult time for you. But we need to ask you a couple of questions. Alright. what were you doing on the 15th? On the day of the 15th, he spent the afternoon with his girlfriend and then went to the video store. Ken tells police that he's moved on since his breakup with michelle and now has a new girlfriend. After leaving her, he arrived at his friend miguel's video store in the bronx at 7:00 p.M. where's miguel? I don't know. He's late. And he was running late... Ken says he was asked to watch the store until miguel turned up. What time did miguel show up? Around 8:00. - Yo, amigo! - Yo, ken! You've been too long, man. Aw, man. The place is mine now. We stayed there at the store until around about 10:00. Then the circle... And then boom! Whoa! I'm getting a call. Your girl? Yeah. He spent the whole evening at the store, from around 7:00 till after 10:00 p.M. That night. Okay. And what car were you driving? My girl's car. That particular night, he had borrowed an older mitsubishi, and that's the car he was driving that evening. we want to check out ken's alibi, so we went to the video store and spoke with the owner, miguel. hi. Hi. Detective romano from clarkstown p.D. Do you know this guy? Yeah. It's ken. Ken rogers? Yeah. Was he in on Wednesday? Um, yeah. Okay. What time was he here about? He was here from 7:00 p.M. ...Until 10:00. It kind of verifies what ken had said, that he wasn't in the area at that time. Meantime, investigators have tracked down a number for nathan walker, the man friends say michelle had just begun dating. May I speak to nathan walker, please? Yeah, this is nathan walker. Detective frank romano from clarkstown p.D. What's this about? Do you know michelle despinasse? Yeah, I know michelle. When we spoke to nathan about his relationship with michelle, he had told us that the last time he had seen michelle was on the Sunday before she was killed, that he came here to visit her. What type of vehicle do you drive? white s.U.V. Three days before her murder, michelle despinasse was seen by a neighbor leaning up against a white s.U.V. With a mystery man. so, when am I gonna see you again? I'm gonna come back as soon as I can. Investigators now know that man is nathan walker. Nathan had told us that the last time he saw michelle was that Sunday before she was murdered, that he did drive down from connecticut in his white s.U.V. It's important for us to determine nathan's whereabouts that night of the 15th so we could either rule him in or rule him out. Where were you on the 15th? I was at home... connecticut, my mom's house. Can anybody else vouch for you besides your mom? Yeah, my brother. Your brother? Yeah, my brother. Okay. based on the proximity of the state of connecticut to rockland here, it is plausible that he could have driven here and shot michelle and then drove back home to connecticut. With michelle's killer still at large, her family appeal to their local community for help. We wanted answers. The family wanted answers. What happened, why, and who did this? Like, only an evil person would do such a thing to such a good person. It was a matter of urgency. Like, that person needed to be caught. Detective romano finally gets confirmation on nathan walker's alibi. And on the 15th? Alright. When following up with nathan's alibi, we did speak to his mom and verified that he was in connecticut during the night of the murder. With nathan and ken's alibis checking out, investigators look into who michelle spoke to on the day she was murdered. take a look at this. From reviewing the phone records of the 15th of September, we did determine that nathan did call once, but another interesting thing was found, that there was another number that called three times to michelle. The number belongs to a man michelle met on vacation two months ago. Is this darren jenkins? After learning this information, it could be a possibility that darren may be involved in this in some way. Five days after she was found by her sister, angie, michelle despinasse is laid to rest at st. Joseph's church in spring valley. There were so many people. I remember my sister made yellow ribbons. Yellow was her favorite color. And so we wore those ribbons to honor her. She was special to me, but I didn't know she was special to all of these other people. Attending michelle's funeral is detective romano. We commonly do attend the funeral of someone that's killed for a number of reasons. My experience is that, although it may be hard to believe, but killers do attend the funeral or the wake services of the victim. I did see a number of people I recognized... obviously, michelle's family, some of her friends. But also at the service are ken rogers, nathan walker, and detectives' new person of interest, darren jenkins. After the funeral, I did speak with darren jenkins at the police station. so, what happened? Um, I met her at a cruise in the bahamas, and we started going out. After meeting michelle on vacation in July, a month after she broke up with ken, darren reveals they went on a couple of dates, but things never got off the ground between them. Darren told us that michelle had broken up with him, mainly because that she wasn't ready to be in another relationship after just breaking off a long-term relationship. So, as far as she was concerned, it was over? We decided to give each other some space. but you called her three times last Wednesday. Not exactly giving her space. Yeah. I just wanted to see her again. And he was hoping that, as time would pass, that they could begin their relationship again. He wanted more, and she didn't want more. That's what I think it was. Did you see her that night? No. No. I was in d.C. He said he traveled to washington, d.C., and met up with some friends. It places him about five hours away in a different state. These friends... if I call them, are they gonna back up your story? Yeah, yeah. okay. Sit tight. hi. This is detective frank romano from clarkstown p.D. Do you know a darren jenkins? He says he was with you. On the 15th? No. That will be all. Thank you for your time. Your alibi checks out. Darren was in the maryland/d.C. Area on the night of the murders. It seemed unreal. I mean, she was about the most alive person that I've ever seen. I mean, she was just a bundle of joy. It just... it didn't seem real. Do you know of a nathan walker? No. And I was thinking, "who would kill her?" and I'm like... I'm just drawing a blank. how about ken rogers? yeah, I've seen him. Darren tells police about his first date with michelle just seven weeks before her murder. Well, I drove down to new york to see her. And we were there talking for, like, hours, and then it got to be, like, 10:00 o'clock, and I looked up. There's a guy at your window. Angie! What? What? - Yo - gosh, ken. Who's that guy? It's not your business. Michelle, I love you, alright? Yeah, you... I want you back. This guy is there, and he pissed. He see me. It's just not a good situation. They came back in, and I said, "what was that? That's pretty weird." she explained that she had dated ken for five years, he was not taking the breakup well, that he would be outside her house in the morning. When she'd get up to go out to work, she'd come out, and he'd be standing out there. So I was like, "you know, man, you need to take care of that. That is bizarre." he was very persistent on trying to get michelle back, and she did not want to be back with him. These actions by ken tell us that he was very jealous and possessive and he was angry that she may have been seeing other people. Based on ken's behavior, it now seems that the evidence is leading towards ken. But ken has a rock-solid alibi. While detectives strategize their next move, they receive a package from the fbi. it's the microcassette found in the despinasse family's answering machine. But when I actually took the tape and put it in a tape player to hear it, I was expecting to hear typical answering-machine messages. I was totally unprepared to hear what I was about to hear on that tape. it was obvious to me that I was hearing michelle being killed. Detective romano is listening to the answering-machine tape seized from the home of michelle despinasse the night she was murdered. It was obvious to me that it wasn't a recorded phone message. It was clearly something of much greater importance. Murphy! listen to this. The recording is a voice memo, which is activated by pressing a button on the answering machine. I had to play it again just to make sure it was real. You hear her saying, "stop. Stop, ken." and then you hear her struggling and scream. Soon after michelle's scream, the tape suddenly stops. It was difficult to listen to the tape, to hear her desperation. You wonder where humanity is, what happens. How could somebody do this? It was obvious that she was naming ken and naming him and kind of telling us, in a weird way, that this is who her murderer is. Police are confident that darren jenkins and nathan walker had nothing to do with michelle's murder. Detectives bring ex-boyfriend ken rogers in for a second interview. we'd like you to take a listen to this recording. why is she saying, "stop, ken"? I don't know, man. It had an effect on him, and he was emotional. His physical demeanor and his body language was telling me that he was responsible. I told you I was at the video store that night. I was at the store! he then insisted that he had nothing to do with it. I don't want to talk anymore, man, okay? I don't want to talk. And he got up, and he said he wanted to leave. And he did. Despite michelle naming ken in the recording, his alibi places him nowhere near her house at the time of the murder. Investigators subpoena his phone records and bring in video-store owner miguel to scrutinize his story. Well, I wasn't totally honest with you. I was scared. Okay. He told us that he was in fear because a family member of ken's had showed up and basically told him, "when the police talk to you, ken was here all night." Miguel is still shaken by the incident, but decides he must come clean. So what happened? Ken was in the store when I got there, but he left at about 8:20. For how long? He came back around 10:00. for cooperating with police, miguel is not charged for withholding crucial information. Ken was actually gone from the store for about an hour and a half. It's enough time for ken to drive 26 miles to michelle's home and back again. we are very confident at that point that ken was the one that shot and killed michelle. But the one thing we don't have is a gun in his hand, and that's what we're looking for. When ken's cellphone records come in, they show several calls to a man named reuben johns on the day of michelle's murder. We went to the bronx to locate reuben johns, and he told us that ken was looking for a gun and that he sold him a gun that day. this places a 9-millimeter handgun in ken's possession on the day of the murder. So it's huge because we had recovered the 9-millimeter shell casing as well as a 9-millimeter round in michelle's house. Kenneth rogers! Frank, go around back! Move! Back, back, back, back! Three months after michelle was gunned down, ken rogers is arrested at his home in the bronx. Kenneth rogers, you're under arrest for the murder of michelle despinasse. You have the right to remain silent. It was a good feeling to finally get him before he could hit the ground and run. Ken's apartment was searched for the handgun, and none was located. In may 2000, prosecutor robert magrino outlines what happened after ken rogers left the video store. The evidence indicated that ken arrived at the house, was lurking outside... hello. Barbara? It's me. He's outside. Open the door! Michelle, open the door! michelle? Michelle! michelle, where is he? Ken, there is no one here. Michelle, where's your boyfriend? Ken, there's no boyfriend. Michelle, where's your boyfriend? Ken! Yo! Michelle, where is he? Ken, there is no one here! Where is he? Michelle, don't be lying to me! Ken, I'm telling you... Where is he?! Ken was probably looking around for other people, whether it was her family or perhaps another man. There's nothing. Michelle! There is no one... where are you at, man?! Where is he, michelle? Don't you lie, michelle! As ken turned his jealous rage on her, michelle made the last decision of her life... to record the rest of the encounter. Michelle was telling him to stop, and at some point, she went to the ground. Michelle was lying on the floor, but at that point he had probably gone too far. She had seen the gun. It had never gotten to this point before. the tape runs out... ...And then michelle is shot, while she's lying on the floor, at point-blank range. Ken then raced back to the video store in the bronx. The tape was a very compelling piece of evidence. It's michelle, in essence, identifying ken as her killer. For her to beg for her life like that... it's just... only an evil person would do such a thing. judge nelson sentenced ken rogers to 25 years to life for the murder of michelle despinasse. I'd like michelle to be remembered as just the kind, sweet person that she was, just fun-loving, you know, adventurous and happy. I miss her every day. there's a part of me that I'll never get back. and you feel like nobody understands you like your sister does. And that's the relationship michelle and I will always have. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 