The Devil Speaks: Season 2, Episode 2 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 The Devil Speaks 
 s2e2 - No Remorse - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 The Devil Speaks (2018–…): Season 2, Episode 2 - No Remorse - full transcript 
 Robin Sowders is brutally beaten in his home in Bloomington, Indiana and later dies from his injuries. When his wife turns up at the police station, the investigation turns on its head. ... 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 [ police radio chatter ] karr: I have a missing woman, and I have a missing child. Sorrells: I'd never seen anyone beaten so badly. Karr: There are pools of blood in the carpet. There's blood on the walls. That took an incredible amount of power and a lot of anger. ♪ [ both laugh ] honey! Mom! Narrator: 49-year-old army veteran robin sowders moves to bloomington to be near his family 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 after separating from his wife. Way too long. Way too long. Stangas: Robin was my first child. He had a very gentle, loving, kind spirit and heart. And when robin came out here, it was wonderful. ♪ narrator: A few months later, robin's younger sister stephanie develops cancer, and robin is by her side every step of the way. York: Robin came to every treatment. He came to my house and spent the day with me just to make sure I was okay. [ knock on door ] [ sighs ] 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 ♪ hi. Come on in. You must be robin. [ chuckles ] guilty. Stephanie's told me a lot about you. Right. My friend melissa immediately came to indiana. She got on a bus and came here to take care of me. Narrator: Like robin, melissa has been through a divorce. Oh, let me take those. Oh, thank you. Yeah. York: Melissa kind of had a crush on robin, and robin thought melissa was a beautiful girl. So the rest was history. Boys, come help your mother. 2 of melissa's children, 20-year old andre and 14-year-old aaron, have moved to bloomington with her. ♪ robin and melissa soon start dating, and he often stops by the hotel where she works as a cook to see her. Hey, where's the barman? Robin saw melissa as a fun-loving, outgoing person and somebody that he enjoyed spending time with. ♪ narrator: A few months after they first met, robin and melissa marry and get a little house. I was happy for my brother and melissa, as well. It's great, babe. I try. [ chuckles ] oh, that's nasty. [ chatter ] [ laughs ] narrator: Melissa's youngest son, aaron, moves in with the couple... Robin: What's up, mr. Gold chain? Narrator: ...While older brother andre lives across town with his biological father, but he spends much of his time at robin and melissa's. Okay. [ laughs ] plates. York: Robin was very close to the boys. He didn't want them to feel any way other than they could come to him for whatever they wanted or needed. Here we go. Here's to you. Rock and roll. [ laughter ] ♪ narrator: Robin has recently undergone knee surgery, and family friend deborah sorrells is bringing over a get-well gift. Sorrells: I saw robin's truck in the driveway, and so I thought, "okay, good, he's home. I don't have to leave it in the mailbox." I walked up to the door... Robin? ...And I noticed that the bottom right-hand panel was missing, which I thought was odd. I reached up inside to turn the handle. ♪ [ door creaks ] are you there? ♪ hello? ♪ the living room seemed fine. Nothing was upset. ♪ but I looked over to the left... ♪ ...And there was blood. There was blood splattered on the carpeting. ♪ robin? ♪ ♪ robin? ♪ and I see robin... Laying on the floor in the opening of the bedroom. ♪ I had never seen anyone beaten so badly. His face... Was swollen. Swollen... Like a pumpkin. Narrator: Deborah calls 911 and waits for the paramedics to arrive. My friend's been badly beaten. You need to hurry, please. You just want to hold him to you, but you can't. They're coming. The ambulance is coming. Luckily, the paramedics came... Quickly. ♪ robin, where's melissa? I want to call her and tell her that you've been hurt. [ strained ] the fourwinds hotel. And so I contacted fourwinds. Hello. Can I speak to melissa? It's urgent. And they said, "melissa never came into work this morning." and I said, "if you see her please let her know that her husband is being taken to bloomington hospital, and he's severely injured." ♪ york: I got a phone call. There's police everywhere at robin's house. [ siren wails ] so of course, then my heart is beating very, very fast. I immediately started calling melissa to find out what was going on. Nobody would answer the phone, so of course, I'm panicking. And when we get there, the ambulance had left. Myself and my mom are crying uncontrollably. Melissa and aaron are nowhere to be found. Narrator: As robin's family rush to the hospital, detective shawn karr arrives at the scene. Karr: I got the call that there had been a gentleman who's beaten almost to death. [ police radio chatter ] the hospital's saying that he's probably not gonna survive his injuries. And I have a missing woman, and I have a missing child. ♪ the door's broken. ♪ there are pools of blood in the carpet. [ camera shutter clicking ] ♪ there's blood on the walls. [ camera shutter clicks ] ♪ and in the main bedroom... ♪ ...There was just blood everywhere. [ camera shutter clicks ] sheets and blankets and pillows are pulled down onto the floor. [ camera shutter clicks ] ♪ it looks like it's a break-in. So a normal break-in, you would think, "okay. They broke in and they stole stuff." not the case here. ♪ the living room is not disturbed at all. The television, which is usually one of the main things somebody takes, is still sitting there. There's still a computer. And my feeling was this was not a break-in... That this was something personal. Someone knew robin. [ camera shutter clicks ] ♪ and at that point, my priorities shifted to what's happened to melissa and aaron. ♪ we're concerned that something's happened to her, and we can't find aaron, either. [ camera shutter clicks ] and as I'm getting ready to issue orders out to my guys on, "okay, this is where we need to look. This is what we need to do"... [ cellphone rings ] detective karr. ...I get a phone call from dispatch saying, "we have melissa sowders, and we have her son aaron in the station." keep them there. There's somebody I need to talk to. She's described as being hysterical. ♪ narrator: Relieved to know that melissa and aaron are safe, detective karr hopes they may be able to shed some light on what happened to robin. ♪ but melissa's reason for coming to the police station has nothing to do with the assault on her husband. And detective karr is stunned to hear who melissa is seeking protection from. ♪ narrator: Robin sowders has been brutally attacked... [ camera shutter clicking ] ...And is fighting for his life at the local hospital while his wife, melissa, is at the sheriff's office asking for protection from him. Karr: When I first met her, she was very animated. I mean, she keeps trying to look out the door like somebody is coming after her... ♪ ...And appears to not know anything's happened to her husband. And so I make the determination at that point not to tell her about robin. I want to see what she has to say. Melissa tells me the previous day, on Saturday, she had been at the fourwinds for her regular shift... And around 1:00 or 2:00 that afternoon, she came home. [ chuckles ] narrator: Robin and melissa enjoy a few drinks. They've recently celebrated their first wedding anniversary. Karr: Robin had just had a surgery on his knee. Was on some painkillers. No, they don't mix well. Karr: She had had two or three glasses of wine with him, but she had to go back to work because she was pulling a second shift. I'll buy this again. And while she was there, andre, her oldest son, and robin decided to go to the fourwinds to have dinner. Andre and his girlfriend drove down there. [ laughs ] ♪ karr: And when they got there, robin starts to get upset. Hey, baby! She and he had gotten into a huge argument. Who's that? Like what you see? Stupid. Get him out of here! Andre then drove robin back to his house. Go! Whoo! [ cellphone buzzing ] melissa finishes her shift. She gets her phone out and starts seeing the text messages. Narrator: Robin's behavior is very out of character, but he's on painkillers and has been drinking heavily. Karr: Then he starts talking about, "hey, you know, your son's alone with me," and he's threatening aaron. Although robin had no history of being violent with his family, when she starts listening to the messages, she gets extremely scared. She finally gets a hold of aaron. Mom? And aaron says that robin has threatened him. Melissa: Okay, baby, you just stay right there. I'm coming to get you. ♪ melissa: Get in the car. ♪ you okay? And then at about 11:30, she drove back to the fourwinds, and she and aaron spent the night in a hotel room there. [ scanner beeps ] I let her tell me the whole story, and then I broke it to her that actually, I was there investigating the beating of robin. [ karr sighs ] ♪ ♪ narrator: Across town, robin's mother, shirley, and sister stephanie arrive at the hospital. Robin is in the I.C.U. York: It didn't even look like him. It looked like he was bald because his head was so swole and his eyes were just... Black. Narrator: As an ex-nurse, robin's mother, shirley, knows the situation is dire. He was blind in both eyes, and his jaw was... To the side. Every bone in his face was broke. ♪ ♪ karr: According to melissa, aaron's the last one that's seen robin before he was injured. I don't know if aaron is a witness or if he's a suspect. One of the things that stands out is aaron is a sizable young man. He could have inflicted the injuries on robin. So, aaron, tell me about what happened last night. Because he's underage, he has to have a guardian with him. Well, the problem I have is his only guardian is melissa. I was at home with my dad... well, my stepdad. He had been drinking. He was shouting, and I got scared. And I climbed out of the window. My mom came to get me. Aaron's very matter-of-fact, very calm, no emotion, something that I wouldn't expect from somebody who was scared to death and ran for his life. I think he did run from the house, but is he the one who inflicted the injuries on robin and then he ran? I can't figure that out, so I released her and aaron. I didn't have enough to hold them. ♪ narrator: With so many questions still unanswered, detective car returns to the scene of the crime. ♪ karr: When I looked over it again, the odd thing was even though there was blood everywhere, it didn't look like some massive beating with a weapon. Normally, we would expect castoff. Blood flying everywhere in droplets. There's no droplets. These were all smears. Narrator: The lack of cuts on robin's face leads detective karr to believe he was beaten not with a weapon but with fists. Karr: And I think most of the blood came from after the beating. ♪ to throw punches hard enough to break someone's eyes and fracture their skull... [ coughing ] ...That took an incredible amount of power and a lot of anger. ♪ in the bedroom, the dresser was pulled out from the wall. ♪ we found robin's phone underneath the dresser and were able to figure out that he had been in contact with melissa up until about 11:30 that night... ♪ ...And then all communication from his phone just cut off. [ siren wails ] narrator: Detectives believe robin was attacked shortly after this time. The next step is to speak to everyone who had been in contact with him that night. Karr: According to melissa, andre is the one who had taken him home. ♪ when andre wells walked in, I just first took notice that he's the extremely tall, pretty muscular, but no evidence of blood or injuries to his hands. ♪ and he gives us basically the same account of events that melissa had given us. ♪ he and his girlfriend drove down there. They had some drinks, took him to the hotel. He got out of hand. Take him home right now! And they brought him back. Go! Robin: Whoo! [ brakes squeal ] [ laughs ] hello, you guys. ♪ narrator: The detective then turns the conversation to melissa and robin's relationship. ♪ karr: He gets upset when he starts talking about robin, says he's close to robin. Andre actually seemed to care for robin and actually got upset about listening to what had occurred to him. He seemed like a decent, nice guy. All we got for right now... Narrator: Despite andre's reaction to the attack, detectives still need to verify his whereabouts. ♪ karr: Andre's girlfriend stated that once they dropped robin off, they had gone to his father's house, andre senior. And andre senior confirmed that andre stayed the whole night. ♪ narrator: In the hospital, robin's condition remains critical, and he dips in and out of consciousness. York: He was real anxious. And I asked him, I said, "what happened? Who did this to you?" ♪ ♪ narrator: Detective karr confronts melissa with new information from the hospital. ♪ ♪ what happened? Narrator: Robin sowders is in critical condition after being violently attacked and has made a startling revelation. Robin is adamant that melissa did this. ♪ [ monitor beeping ] narrator: Robin undergoes emergency surgery to relieve the pressure on his brain, but his injuries are too severe. Let them just turn the machines off. So we made the decision to have the ventilator removed. ♪ which I had done many times an assist with in my career. It's a little different when it's your son or your family. [ sniffles ] ♪ we all begged mom to come out of the room, and she wouldn't. I said, "no. I brought him into the world, and I'll see him out." and I did. [ monitor beeping ] [ flatline ] ♪ karr: We're now in a full-blown homicide investigation. [ engine starts ] we have somebody who's capable of murder, and they're walking around. ♪ and it's up to us to find him. ♪ narrator: With melissa claiming to have spent the night at the fourwinds hotel, detective karr checks out her alibi. Can you show me the booking form? Yeah. So we just we log in here. We discovered that the locks on the doors were key-coded. This is everyone who was here that night. So we asked them to pull all the records for the room to verify that they'd actually spent the night. So that shows what time she entered. Narrator: The records confirm that melissa entered her room at half-past midnight, almost an hour after robin last used his phone. Karr: The problem was the key only recorded when someone entered the room. It didn't record when the door was open from the inside. ♪ narrator: With no surveillance cameras in the hotel, detectives can't prove or disprove whether melissa and aaron stayed there all night. Melissa was there. But then, melissa's co-worker claims to have spoken to melissa the morning after the attack on robin. Karr: She had met melissa that Sunday, before melissa had come into my office. ♪ she had told melissa, "hey, your husband's more or less dead in the hospital," and she was surprised that melissa was here rather than at the hospital. Melissa didn't say anything and decided to come over here and file a restraining order. ♪ narrator: The co-worker's statement suggests melissa knew that her husband was in the hospital before going to the sheriff's office. Obviously, that was a little bit of a surprise to us. Melissa at least acted like she didn't know anything had happened to robin when she talked to me. And that just set off all kinds of red flags. We're reasonably sure melissa is lying to us, but we don't know about what. ♪ our strongest thought was it was aaron. Aaron's the last one to see him alive. Aaron's got the size and the ability to do this. So we actually think melissa is probably protecting her youngest son. ♪ narrator: While detectives consider aaron as a possible suspect, neither he nor his mother, melissa, have any cuts or bruises on their fists... wounds the investigators would expect to see after such a violent attack. Karr: We're stuck. We have no other persons to look at other than melissa and aaron, and we really have nothing physically, anyway, to link them to this. And their stories are identical, and we can't shake that. So unless somebody calls us with information, this may not go solved. ♪ narrator: Months pass, and robin's family remain traumatized by the killing. York: It's been very frustrating. It was a long, drawn-out situation. I prayed for closure. I just wanted it to be over. Just want it to be over. Just want it to be over. ♪ narrator: Then, a random traffic stop provides investigators with a new lead. [ siren wails ] kehr: Man named brian thompson... he had gotten stopped. He was driving without a license, which is a misdemeanor. Narrator: But brian thompson is on probation for armed robbery. Karr: The probation violation is going to send him back to prison for six years in a different county for a robbery, and he does not want that to happen. Look, is... is there someone I can talk to? Uh, I've got some information on a murder. ♪ ♪ narrator: Brian thompson reveals to police he has information about the murder of robin sowders. He tells police he is a friend of robin's stepson andre wells. Brian thompson relates a story to me where shortly after the murder of robin, he and andre get together. ♪ why you need to go there? And then out of nowhere, andre had related to him how he had killed robin. ♪ narrator: Even though andre's alibi that he was at his father's house had checked out, detectives take these new allegations seriously. Brian thompson, his friend, told a very plausible account of what happened that was consistent with the forensic evidence that there was blunt-force trauma, that there was repeated blows. It just made sense. Karr: The problem with brian is he does have a criminal past, a fairly significant one. For all I know, he and andre had a falling out and he's going to throw this on andre. We need something more, and the route we took was get andre to talk. ♪ so we cut a deal, and brian agrees to wear a recording device. Sure about this? This or six years inside, man. This is to switch it on. It's a digital recorder that was hidden on his person. ♪ to ask somebody to wear a wire is difficult. ♪ that puts them in a lot of jeopardy. Andre. And I never knew when brian was going to meet with andre. ♪ narrator: Detectives request phone records and cell-tower information to try to pinpoint where andre's phone was during the night of the attack. Kehr: Andre told us that he had dropped robin off... ♪ ...And that he went to his dad's house and that he never saw robin again after that. Karr: We have proof through the cellphone records that at 11:27, melissa calls andre. We don't know what was said in that conversation. Kehr: The call that was placed at 11:27 put andre on the north side of town, where his dad's house was located. Narrator: But immediately after the call, andre's phone goes on the move. ♪ karr: By tracking his cellphone, we were able to show that he traveled south. And then his phone hits off the tower next to his stepdad's house, next to robin's house. ♪ our cellphone records are putting andre there at the time that brian is putting him there. Now we've got a suspect. Narrator: Detectives are now certain andre was at robin's house at the time of the attack. This means he gave a false alibi. But investigators need more evidence before they can arrest him. The problem was brian was the only in to andre that we had. ♪ narrator: After several weeks, brian finally comes to the detectives with the recordings. Karr: Quite honestly, I don't think we're expecting a whole lot. ♪ we're listening to the recording. And we pause. ♪ rewind. Listen to it again. Pause, rewind, listen to it again. ♪ I'm like, "we've got it." ♪ narrator: It's been a year since robin sowders was beaten to death, and monroe county sheriffs still haven't made an arrest. ♪ but informants brian thompson believes he's got exactly what the investigators need. ♪ when we'd interviewed andre, andre cared for robin, really liked robin, was upset that robin had gotten hurt. And this was a side of andre that we hadn't seen. That's it. Right there. "you're going to say something like that, you be prepared for what's gonna happen to you. ♪ hmm. Yeah. That sends chills down my spine. ♪ karr: That just shows his mentality. I mean. If you're gonna threaten aaron, then you're gonna get what's coming to you. And that was his thought process, and that's what happened. Kehr: He's expressing no remorse at all. He's proud of it. He would do it again. He would do it 10,000 times again. It was chilling. ♪ narrator: On September 18, 2012, andre wells is arrested and charged with robin's murder. Karr: He never once really refuted it. He never said he didn't do it. He just basically said that, "it couldn't have been me." it was nice to go to the family and say, "hey I've got him." ♪ york: I was devastated. I didn't think he was capable because him and robin were so close that I never dreamed andre wouldn't do anything to harm my brother... ever. ♪ narrator: In court, deputy prosecutor jeff kehr lays out what he believes happened. Kehr: On the night of October 23rd, robin had been drinking. Karr: Robin had just had a surgery on his knee and was on some painkillers. Kehr: They went down to the fourwinds. When robin got there, he was intoxicated. Melissa asked andre to take him home. Please get out of here. Who brought him here? Take him home. Take him home right now. After being dropped off at the house, robin was blowing up melissa's phone. [ cellphone keyboard clicking ] he was sending text messages. He was calling her and leaving voicemails... ...Some of them which were threatening her younger son, aaron. Kehr: Melissa phoned aaron and picked him up. Karr: Phone records show that at about 11:27, there's a phone call to andre. [ scanner beeps ] we know andre drove down to robin's house. [ brakes squeal ] you home, man? Andre went in the house, confronts robin. What's going on here, man? What's the noise? They get into an argument. Don't touch me. Get out. Get out of my damn house. ♪ according to brian thompson, andre goes to the detached garage. He gets a roll of duct tape, and he wraps his hand. ♪ and then andre goes back into the house. ♪ that's when we think andre started to beat robin. I thought I told you to get out of my... ah! ♪ ♪ kehr: He beat robin in the head with his fists, he stomped robin with his feet in the chest, and he left robin there to die. ♪ he kicked the lower panel of the door in to make it look like there had been an intruder. Karr: Andre left the scene. He was able to dispose of the duct tape and his clothing. And then the following morning, robin was discovered by deborah sorrells. ♪ narrator: The jury find andre wells guilty of murder, and the judge sentences him to 60 years in prison. Kehr: Those recordings were very critical toward obtaining a conviction in this case. The jury was able to hear from andre wells in his own words what he did. Narrator: For assisting the investigation, all charges against brian thompson are dropped. Karr: Without the audio recordings, without andre saying, "I'd do it 10,000 times over again," I don't think we would've made the case. ♪ narrator: There is no evidence that melissa encouraged the attack on robin or that either she or aaron knew what andre did. She refuted the statement by her co-worker that she knew robin was in the hospital. Police couldn't rely on robin's claim that melissa was involved due to his condition. As such, no charges were brought against her. Andre's girlfriend and father were not charged in connection with andre's false alibi. For robin's family, andre's conviction provides little comfort. York: We don't even do family anymore. We don't do christmas, thanksgiving. Nothing. [ voice breaking ] ever since he left. ♪ and that's sad. It's sad for my mom. [ sniffles ] stangas: You don't have closure. Never. But there's no closure. You just learn to deal with it. You learn to deal with it. ♪ 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 