The Devil Speaks: Season 2, Episode 1 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 The Devil Speaks 
 s2e1 - Evil in East Texas - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 The Devil Speaks (2018–…): Season 2, Episode 1 - Evil in East Texas - full transcript 
 Billy Staton and his fiance Leticia Castro vanish without a trace. Have they left town and eloped? The discovery of Billy's burnt out car and a shock confession, reveal a web of lies that ... 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Casteel: Listening to the tape, you do realize that he really will not be back in a minute. It became very clear that something had happened. Gilbert: You knew for sure that whatever the outcome was gonna be wasn't gonna be good. I have never in my career heard anyone murdered like that. Cold-blooded, very, very cold-blooded. ♪ narrator: 30 miles west of the gulf coast, 20-year-old stay-at-home mom sherry wolf 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 is expecting a visit from her cousin renda. Ashley: Sherry was a fun person to be around. It smells delicious. Here you go, melly. And she had a little girl. Her name was melanie, and melanie was 2 years old. She very much was a very good mother, and she was very protective of her. Hey, renda. Would you like some lemonade? Narrator: Sherry is newly married to local farmer paul wolf. Ashley: Paul was a sweet guy. Want a little top-off? 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Sherry was his world and his life. And melanie was his responsibility, and he doted on her as well. You thirsty, princess? What about mr. Bear? [ slurps ] they got along. They laughed and they played. Narrator: And the couple are expecting a baby. And how is my little man? Sherry was excited about becoming a mother again. And this would be hers and paul's first baby together, so this was unifying her with paul because they were gonna have a child together now. Narrator: Sherry's ex-husband and melanie's biological father is construction worker billy staton. Gilbert: Billy was a fun guy to be around. He was well-liked by pretty much everybody. Narrator: Billy and sherry's marriage didn't last a year, and they divorced before melanie came along. Billy has visitation every other weekend. Paul. Hey, sherry. How you doing? Hello, little one. Oh, you ready to come with daddy? When melanie was born, billy was very excited about it. He did everything he could to be a good father and take care of his responsibilities. But even more than that, he wanted a relationship with melanie. We're gonna go to the beach. We're gonna go on the boat. Billy's new fiancée is 26-year-old schoolteacher leticia castro. There we go. Who's this? Who is this? Armando: My sister lettie loved melanie very much. Lettie just had that natural gift to... to care for kids. Villegas: She was sweet. She was lovely. She was joyful. She had, like, music and laughter in her eyes and she was just a beautiful, beautiful person. Gilbert: Billy was definitely a little rebellious. Billy needed somebody to ground him. And apparently she was doing that quite well. ♪ narrator: With their wedding only weeks away, billy and leticia are already planning a family of their own. Villegas: Oh, leticia was looking forward to having her own children because that was the love and joy of her life and she couldn't wait to marry billy. [ chuckles ] are you guys ready for the wedding? Oh, yeah. They had planned for a summer wedding. I don't think I can wait this long, I'll be honest. And we were all supportive that this was the right time and that billy was the right guy and that lettie had found her soul mate and wanted to spend time with him and vice versa. ♪ ♪ narrator: Two weeks later, it's billy's weekend with melanie again and sherry and renda are going to church together. Hey, girl! Oh, I thought the ex had her this weekend. Me too. When billy and lettie didn't show up to pick up melanie, I didn't really know what had happened, but I thought, "maybe billy's getting tired of taking care of a 2-year-old." well, that sucks. I know, especially for melanie because she doesn't know what's going on. Narrator: Late afternoon comes, and billy hasn't been in contact with any of his family. Gilbert: That evening, we started getting worried as to where billy was. We hadn't heard from him, which was out of character because of knowing that it was a visitation weekend, he would normally be reaching out to the family, planning something to do with melanie. ♪ armando: Lettie would always keep in touch on a daily basis with my mom. And when she didn't hear from her that Saturday and even Sunday, she was real concerned. We somewhat dismissed it, thinking that, "well, maybe they took off to the beach. Not to worry that they would probably show up here by Sunday or Monday, no later, because lettie would have to be back to work by Monday." [ thunder rumbling ] by Monday, when they didn't show up to work, then that's when it became very clear that something had happened. Narrator: Armando and his brother arturo head over to billy and leticia's home. ♪ armando: The door had not been locked. Billy? We walked in. Billy? Billy? We were kind of mindful of not trying to disturb anything, touch anything, but we just looked around, trying to find some kind of a note or a clue as to what had happened to them. ♪ billy? ♪ narrator: The house is empty. There's no sign of billy or leticia. Armando: We wanted to believe that they had taken off somewhere. They had eloped because their wedding was about a month away from then. Narrator: Over the next few days, no one hears from billy or leticia. Their families contact law enforcement. Texas ranger bruce casteel is assigned to the case. Casteel: I went over to the house and checked the trailer where billy and lettie had been living. There was no forced entry. There was nothing to indicate that anything was wrong at that time. But they was just something about the way the trailer was left that does not seem to fit. They was food on the table, clothing laying around. There was no evidence that there had been any sort of a disturbance in the home. There was no blood found. There was nothing to indicate that anything was wrong at all. There was just something about the way it was left that always indicated to me that they were planning on coming back to the trailer. ♪ narrator: Ranger casteel has learned from billy's family that on the weekend of his disappearance, billy was supposed to pick up his daughter, melanie, from his ex-wife, sherry. Casteel: I went to see sherry and paul, and I wanted to find out if they knew anything about billy and lettie not showing up. Can I help you? Bruce casteel, texas ranger. May I have a word? Sure. Uh, have a seat. Thank you. [ sighs ] is paul around? Uh, yeah. He's in the field with his pa. I understand billy stanton was supposed to come past here last Friday to pick up the child. She said, "no, they did not show up at all. No one came." I don't know what happened. To be honest, I'm kind of glad to say they didn't come. Why's that? Because it upsets her. She said there was a lot of conflict between she and billy staton over melanie. Paul. Hey, sherry. Hello, little one. Oh, you ready to come with daddy? [ melanie crying ] don't be like that. Don't you want to go with daddy? Sherry told me that melanie didn't want to go with him each time he would come over to pick her up. And they would get into a terrible argument. You put her up to this. Cover your ears, sweetheart. You did this!! Look what you've done. What do you mean, look what I've done? Cover your ears. And it just escalated each time. We've tried getting the courts to intervene. She's scared of billy. So he never turned up? No. We waited, and then we took melanie to my mom's. She was very open. She seemed very straightforward about her answers. Well, thanks for your time... And the tea. ♪ narrator: It's 11 days since anybody has heard from billy or leticia and investigators have no new leads. But as a crop duster flies low over texas farmland, something unusual catches the pilot's eye. ♪ narrator: Police are looking for billy staton and leticia castro, who have been missing for 11 days. Now a local pilot has spotted an abandoned vehicle in the middle of farmland. We went out to where this location was at. Narrator: The car appears to have run off the road. Casteel: The license plate registration was right, and we knew immediately that it was billy staton's vehicle. Let's get it out of there. ♪ ♪ when I looked inside... ♪ ...There was no bodies in the car. But I found a large rock on the accelerator, which indicates that it was intentionally run off into the drainage canal. Well, the car was in really bad shape. It had been burned inside. And a lot of mud spread all over the car inside and outside. I knew that whoever did this, we're trying to destroy any evidence that may be there inside the vehicle. Narrator: Gilbert hears on the radio that his brother's car has been found. Gilbert, I'm sorry. We can't have you here. I drove out, and, um... ...Quite stressful. Quite stressful. Because at that point, you... you knew for sure that whatever the outcome was gonna be wasn't gonna be good. That just cemented the... you know, raised questions but gave a lot of answers already that weren't good. ♪ casteel: After finding the vehicle, we knew then that this investigation was taking a bad left turn, so to speak. Narrator: Authorities mount a massive search operation. We had well over 100 officers searching... cars, foot, horses... any way that we could search. It was probably one of the biggest searches I've ever been involved in at that time. Narrator: However, pinpointing two people in such a vast area of dense countryside is a huge challenge. Man on radio: Police are appealing for any information about the disappearance of billy staton and leticia castro, who were last seen on Friday, July 16th. If anyone has any information, they can call the dedicated police tip hotline. Ashley: It was big news. We live in a small community and people talk. And everybody's going, "where's lettie? Where's... where's billy? What happened to him?" no one knew where they were. We just kind of kept praying and hoping that they would surface, that they would somehow reappear. There was nothing we could do but wait. That was it. Narrator: Calls pour in to the police hotline, including a tip about a local resident. Casteel: One day, an individual called in and said that he had information on the disappearance of billy staton and lettie castro. The informant said that the man involved was a glenn wayne henderson. Narrator: 18-year-old glenn wayne henderson has no criminal record and no obvious connection to the missing couple. But investigators want to know more. ♪ while police look into henderson, ranger casteel gets a surprising new lead involving billy's ex-wife. Casteel: I received a telephone call from a lady that was the manager of the home where sherry and paul wolf had been living. And she said that they had moved out. That was something that set off an alarm in my mind. Why would these people all of a sudden move out of that house? I talked with a judge and a district attorney and we issued a search warrant for the home. ♪ ♪ when I went into the house, there was a piece of carpet in the living room. And underneath... [ camera shutter clicks ] ...There was a large pooling of blood. ♪ and all on the walls... ...There was dried blood... [ camera shutter clicks ] ...On the door frames... Curtains... Along the edge of the trim of the floor. By looking at the numerous blood spatters all over the living room... [ camera shutter clicks ] ...This is not caused by a gunshot nor is it caused by a knife. It's caused by someone slinging something like a bat or something and hitting someone possibly in the head. Narrator: While the scene is being processed, ranger casteel receives a call from assistant district attorney kirk brush. Bruce casteel. Kirk said that he had talked to an attorney in harlingen by the name of jim mardis. Jim mardis had a client that would confess to the murders of billy staton and lettie castro. Don't get him talking till I'm there. Narrator: It's over three weeks since billy staton and leticia castro disappeared. And texas ranger bruce casteel has discovered what looks like the scene of a violent crime. Meantime, a man has come forward who claims to be involved. - Kirk. How are you? - Hey, sir. You really telling me we got someone that wants to confess to this? Yes, apparently. Casteel: I was elated. Well, I'll be. To hear something like this about a defense attorney bringing in a client to confess to a double homicide is almost unheard of. I mean, it's just difficult to believe that this is actually occurring. Hi. Bruce casteel. Jim mardis. How you doing? Hey, kirk. You all right? So are you guys ready for him? - Sure. - Yes. Gentlemen, mr. Paul wolf. ♪ ♪ casteel: Looking at paul wolf, he was just a young, clean-cut-looking individual. Paul, my name is bruce casteel. I'm a texas ranger. Now, before we start, I'd like to remind you of your rights. You have the right to remain silent. Anything you say can and will be used against you in court. After I had given paul wolf his miranda warning, I asked him to start telling me what had occurred. I understand you want to tell us something about these two missing people we're talking about... billy staton and leticia castro. Um... Mardis: Just start from the very beginning, paul, the very beginning. Narrator: Paul begins to account the events of Friday, July 16th. I got home at 6:00. Sherry wasn't there. She was waiting for billy to come pick up melanie, and he didn't show. Casteel: Paul started telling me that billy came with lettie to pick up melanie. And when he did arrive, he came storming up to the gate. ♪ I'm sorry. I'm sorry. Sorry. I'm sorry. Fine. I'm here. Where is she? I'm sorry, man. She waited, but melanie started getting upset, and then sherry decided she's gonna take her to her mother's. Paul told billy staton that sherry and melanie had already gone to her mother's house. Bill... I'm about ready to kick your ass. Bill... Okay. He just stormed past me into the house. Billy really want to be sure that melanie wasn't there. Just... please. Get out of my way. Sherry! Sherry, where you at?! Sherry? Where you at? Bill... bill... bill... just relax. Okay? I-I-I can try to give her a call. Call her. And, um, I... I... I tried calling. [ stammering ] just give me a sec. I'm waiting. Yeah. [ line buzzing ] I'm sorry, bill, but the line's busy. Okay? He said that billy became very angry and... Attacked paul wolf. Wait, bill. Bill. He tried to, um, choke me. I knocked him to the ground. And, uh... Casteel: He picked up an iron bar that he had near the front door. I brought it down and hit him on the head. ♪ he didn't get up. Paul wolf was claiming self-defense. What happened with leticia? She heard this. She ran in. He said that lettie apparently had heard the struggle and the fight going on in the house. And she attacked him. What did you do? What did you do?! What did you do?! Lettie! Lettie! I was so scared. I-I didn't know what to do. And he had to defend himself against lettie. And he beat her with the bar. ♪ ♪ wolf: I drove down the highway and my... my... my daddy has some land. Casteel: Paul wolf was really panicking about what had occurred here and that he knew that he needed to get rid of the bodies because he... he just couldn't imagine being charged with murder or his family being involved in something like this. Now, if I took you out there, would you remember the place? Yes, sir. Casteel: Paul wolf told us that he would lead us to the location of lettie castro and billy staton's bodies. And I said, "let's go." narrator: Paul leads investigators to a remote spot several miles from where billy staton's car was found. Casteel: When we arrived at the location, I walked from the edge of the road down to the drainage canal. ♪ you could see lettie's body floating in the canal facedown, badly decomposed. The skull had been fractured and a piece of the skull was missing. Narrator: Then something else catches ranger casteel's eye. Casteel: Laying on the embankment was a 20-gauge yellow shotgun shell that had been fired. We had heard nothing from paul wolf during our interview with him concerning a shotgun or a shotgun being used. Then we were directed from the location of lettie castro's body to where billy staton's body was located. Narrator: Billy's body is submerged in the drainage canal and is badly decomposed. ♪ casteel: As I'm looking at the body... What's that? ...I can see an outline of a square little box... Underneath billy's shirt. Taped to the body was a tape recorder. It was in pretty bad shape. Looking at the recorder, you could tell that the button had been pushed down. It looked like that the tape had been recording on billy staton's body. ♪ narrator: Deep in the east texas marshland, police have recovered the bodies of billy staton and leticia castro. A tape recorder found hidden underneath billy's clothing may have recorded his death. Casteel: This tape recorder had been on billy staton's body in this canal for about three weeks or more. We sent the tape off to the fbi laboratory in quantico, virginia. But I'm not sure that we're gonna be able to get any type of evidence off of the tape. Narrator: While investigators wait to find out, billy's lawyer explains to police why billy was wearing the recorder. Stapleton: Billy was having post-divorce issues with sherry. He was complaining about problems accessing his child. Paul. Hey, sherry. Hello, little one. Oh, you ready to come with daddy? [ crying ] don't be like that. Don't you want to go with daddy? It was sort of a he said, she said situation because she would always say that he was late or was abusive. Maybe you should come back in two weeks. Oh, please, sherry. I barely get enough time as it is. He would say, "no. I got there on time and I was polite." she'll stay with me if she wants to. I suggested that he wear a recording device of some type. And if sherry comes up with a different version and says that if you were abusive, then you've got proof that you were not. I think you should go. See you around. [ melanie crying ] have a good day. ♪ casteel: About a week after the tape was sent to the fbi laboratory in quantico... ...I received a telephone call from the technician that was working on the tape. And he said, "mister, you better sit down. You're not gonna believe what's on the tape." narrator: Ranger casteel cues up a copy of the fbi restored recording. Casteel: The first sounds you hear are in a car and you hear billy staton say to lettie castro... Narrator: The tape has recorded billy going to pick up his daughter, melanie. Casteel: He then walks across up on to a wooden porch. [ knocking ] knocking on the door and paul wolf says... Narrator: Hearing melanie on the recording immediately contradicts paul's account of that day. Paul was saying that sherry and melanie had already gone to her mother's house. But a lot of that statement he gave us said that was not truthful. [ melanie crying ] casteel: Well, it was obvious from the tape that melanie does not want to go with billy. It does sound like sherry was right. Billy: Hmm? [ melanie babbles ] narrator: As the recording continues, billy doesn't lose his temper and melanie seems to be coming around. [ melanie babbles ] [ thudding ] all of a sudden, you hear this sound. And I played that back, trying to understand what in the world is that sound? [ thudding ] it was billy staton being struck in the head. [ thudding ] you can hear melanie screaming, sitting there witnessing what's going on with her father. [ melanie crying ] paul wolf is claiming self-defense on what occurred with billy staton, that he was defending himself and he ended up killing billy staton. Narrator: But the audio recording tells a different story. Casteel: There was no struggle or a fight. The recording contradicted most everything that paul has said. [ indistinct voice ] suddenly you can hear male voices and one of them says... When I heard that, I knew that there was another man in the room also, not just paul wolf. Someone else was there with paul. Narrator: And it's a name ranger casteel has heard before. ♪ narrator: Police have discovered the bodies of billy staton and leticia castro. Billy's ex-wife's husband, paul wolf, has admitted to killing them but claims self-defense. The statement was that he was attacked by both victims. And during the course of the attack, he had to kill both victims to keep them from hurting him. Narrator: However, an audio recording of the incident reveals that another man was there. Glenn wayne henderson's name was generated through the police tip hotline. Ranger casteel questions him about his relationship with paul and sherry wolf. Tell me, how long have you known paul wolf? I-I have a sister that went to school with him. I know his dad and his brothers. You know his wife, sherry? I met her about three weeks after they got married. Casteel: Glenn was obviously someone that could be easily used. He was not the most intelligent, well-educated young man I've ever seen. Why don't you tell me about the first conversation you had with paul about the trouble he was having with billy regarding melanie. One time he told me that he didn't like the boy. And that he was causing... causing him a lot of trouble and that he wanted to get rid of him, that he wanted to kill him. Casteel: He told me paul wolf was getting tired of billy staton, and they were planning on just absolutely taking billy staton's life. He... he told me he wanted to get rid of the boy and take him and put them in the canal. And then take his car and then ride it into the canal and burn it up. And was this quite a few months before that he said this? Yes, sir. Casteel: What glenn henderson was saying was absolutely premeditated murder. There is no doubt about that. He... he asked me if I would, you know... Help... help get rid of him. Narrator: Glenn's confession helps explain what is in the audio recording. However... The tape reveals one more shocking truth. I heard this voice on the tape saying... Narrator: It's a voice that ranger casteel recognizes. Casteel: I knew that that was sherry wolf. I knew that sherry wolf then was not at her mother's house. During questioning of glenn wayne henderson, I asked him about sherry being present. She was sitting on the couch. He said she was sitting there with melanie, and she knew what was coming. She knew what was about to happen. Did she see paul hit billy? Yes, sir. Casteel: We know now who are responsible for the murders of billy staton and lettie castro. The murder of billy staton had been planned for months. Sherry wolf despised him, hated him, in fact. Sherry decided to kill billy staton to have full custody of melanie. Narrator: Sherry wolf, paul wolf, and glenn wayne henderson are arrested and charged with first-degree murder. In court, the prosecution combines the evidence on the tape and glenn's confession to map out in brutal detail billy and leticia's final moments. Casteel: The day that billy staton was murdered, he arrives at paul wolf and sherry wolf's home. You do realize listening to him say... ...That he really will not be back in a minute. Go hide in the bedroom. A lot of wind blowing that day. [ wind blowing ] narrator: Billy comes as usual to pick up his daughter... ...Not suspecting anything. Casteel: Sitting there with sherry wolf and the child was being used as bait to get billy to sit down and talk to her. At the time, glenn wayne henderson is in a bedroom behind where billy is sitting. Hmm? [ melanie babbles ] [ crying ] narrator: With billy down, paul heads outside to kill leticia. Brush: He walks up to the car, which would not necessarily be of concern to leticia since she's been to the house before. Narrator: Glenn follows close behind, picking up a hammer paul had hidden earlier. Brush: He proceeds through the car window to beat her to death with a hammer. Narrator: Paul and glenn head back into the house to deal with billy casteel: You can hear sherry coming back into the room, then says... Sherry wolf was really the instigator of this entire murder. This would have never happened had it not been for sherry wolf. With lettie still in the front seat, billy staton's body is placed in the trunk. Brush: Paul drives billy stanton's car. Glenn henderson gets in his car to follow and dispose of the bodies in the car. ♪ narrator: From the recording, investigators know that billy is still alive in the trunk of the car. [ billy breathing ] hmm. A lot of tears flowed from jurors when they heard that. Narrator: As paul and glenn drive out to dispose of their victims, it's believed that billy finally succumbs to his injuries. However, the tape is still recording, and it reveals one more grisly detail. Brush: They discover that leticia, while gravely wounded, is not dead. Narrator: In his confession, henderson admits that he was the one to take leticia's life. Glenn shot lettie in the back of the head with a shotgun. Listen to that tape. You can hear the shotgun go off. [ gunshot ] ♪ narrator: The coroner's report confirms that the gunshot wound in leticia's head is consistent with a 20-gauge shotgun. A firearm matching that description is recovered from the trunk of henderson's car. That tape... there was no doubt. It was just an astounding piece of evidence. ♪ paul wolf... Sherry wolf... And glenn wayne henderson are found guilty of murder. They are all sentenced to life imprisonment. Brush: It would have been amazing if they had come back with anything other than first-degree murder because the tape... Is so clear as to what's going on at the time the murders happened. The family has suffered so much... ...Especially mother. We've all stood by and prayed so hard. Thank god that justice has been done. But it's still painful that our sister is no longer with us. ♪ it was just totally unnecessary. It affected more... more people than they can imagine. Yeah. Villegas: Lettie still lives in our minds, in our memories, in our hearts. She may be gone, but she's very much present. All the time, we think of her. ♪ we love her. ♪ gilbert: If my brother was alive today, I think he would have had a lot of kids probably with lettie. I kind of think that would have probably happened. But, uh... You know, we'll never know. Uh, you never forget. You never... No. Uh... [ sighs ] I'm done. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 