The Devil Speaks: Season 2, Episode 4 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 The Devil Speaks 
 s2e4 - Lake of Lies - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 The Devil Speaks (2018–…): Season 2, Episode 4 - Lake of Lies - full transcript 
 Investigators must cast a wide net for clues when the family of Breckenridge resident Sharon Garrison report her missing. There's evidence to suggest she's skipped town, but a set of secret cassette tapes point to something more sinister. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 [ suspenseful music plays, police radio chatter ] ♪ payotelis: Hi, mom. I hope you're all right. Szuch: Up here in the mountains, we have people go missing all the time. Man: What you up to in town? Work. Jealousy by an ex is always something that needs to be investigated. Szuch: This doesn't look good. This looks like it could be foul play. [ camera shutter clicking ] 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 this was the big break that I think we'd been looking for. Let's go. [ static crackling ] [ eerie tone plays ] narrator: Surrounded by the rocky mountains in clear creek county, colorado... Okay. Be ready. [ cork pops ] - oh! - Oh, and there she blows! Narrator: ...Sharon and chuck garrison have just bought the second home they've been dreaming of. Oh, here. Here we go. Some champagne. Robbins: Sharon was my older sister. Oh, we've got so much. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 We were very, very close. Very close. She was the life of the party. A very caring, beautiful, boisterous, outgoing woman. Narrator: It was on a fun night out that sharon was first introduced to her future husband. Sharon and a girlfriend went to breckenridge for a girls' weekend, and that's when she met chuck. Oh. Robbins: Chuck was a good-looking rugged cowboy. He liked to ride motorcycles, and he liked to ride horses. He was very active. Narrator: Chuck has been married before, but never found the right woman until now. He pretty much swept her off her feet. He adored her. - You did? I did. - I did. Narrator: Sharon has also been married and has three grown daughters. Payotelis: My mom was a fireball. She could tell a story like no one I know. She was so funny, and we were happy that she had met somebody. Narrator: The couple have now been together for 10 happy years and, during that time, have built up several successful businesses, including a thriving real-estate rental company. Through their marriage, they purchased eight condos in breckenridge. They rented the properties, and mostly long-term rentals. They had the alarm company. And then chuck had money still coming in from the other alarm business in kansas city. Narrator: The garrisons are looking forward to splitting time between their family home in breckenridge and this new weekend place in idaho springs. Robbins: They had a lot of money, and I think the house was a new adventure for them, and it was quite lovely. Narrator: The new idaho springs home has plenty of space for sharon to build her latest business, which she started with her daughter lacie. Oh, there we go. Okay, that red one at the back, could you bring it in just a bit? Okay. Oh, there. We would sell depression glass and plates and dishes and jewelry. Okay. Oh! Beautiful. Oh. Okay. Leave it like that. She would find something and buy it, and then she'd go through all her books to try to research it to see what it is. Narrator: Sharon recently figured out how to upload photos of her glassware to sell on online auction sites. Payotelis: She was excited that she was learning something new. It was neat to see her grow. [ computer beeps ] oh, lacie! Yeah? - Oh, lacie, come look! - What is it? We got a bid! We got it. Oh, my god! It definitely made us closer. She was my best friend. $349! Oh, sweetheart! I lived in denver, which is about 30 minutes away from idaho springs, but my mom and I would talk almost every other day. At the end of September, we were selling these glasses. It was the biggest auction we had going at that time. The auction was getting ready to close, and I hadn't heard from her. [ ringing ] [ telephone rings ] ♪ [ beep ] hi, mom. I hope you're all right. Do you see what's happening? We got another bid, so call me back. Love you. I got worried that I wasn't hearing from her because it was very unusual. Narrator: Lacie hasn't heard from her mom in 2 days. Concerned, she calls chuck at the couple's breckenridge home. [ ringing ] chuck: Hello? Hey, chuck. Um, is mom there? No, no. She is not. She's not at the house in idaho springs? I haven't heard from her for a few days. Mind you, that's quite normal for your mom. Chuck said that maybe she went to go visit her friend nadine in walsenburg, colorado. Okay. That was when I started calling the family to see if anybody else had heard from her. Narrator: Lacie then calls her aunt carla. Oh, hi, lacie. How are you? Uh, no, I haven't heard from her. Did you speak to chuck? She said she had called chuck, and he had told her that she had gone to walsenburg to visit a friend. I can call her. I'm sure she's fine. So I called nadine in walsenburg. Nadine said, "no, carla. I haven't seen sharon," and I started really worrying. Narrator: With growing unease, lacie makes the half-hour drive to the idaho springs house to see if she can track down her mother. ♪ payotelis: I had a key, so I was able to get into the house. ♪ [ lock disengages ] ♪ mom? ♪ mom? It was dark. There wasn't anyone there. Mom? It didn't look disturbed or anything like that. Mom? Mom? My mom was very close to her family. She wasn't one to, like, skip out and not tell anybody where she was going. Mom! It was just out of character for her, for sure. Narrator: With no sign of her mom anywhere in the house and no word at her home in breckenridge either... Send it over, and... ...The family decide to report her missing. Detective pete szuch... Have you seen this? ...And investigator dick cleveland are assigned the case. Sharon garrison. Some family members contacted the summit county sheriff's department to report that sharon garrison was apparently missing. Szuch: Up here in the mountains, we have people go missing all the time. Maybe they changed plans that they didn't tell friends or family of, or they're lost or could be injured or something like that. Breckenridge. That's not too far from here. Narrator: Detectives head to the garrisons' family home to speak to sharon's husband, chuck. Can I get you anything to drink? - No, I'm good. - Please, take a seat. We went to see if chuck had any explanation, if he knew where she might be. So, when is the last time you saw your wife? Well, the last time I saw sharon, we took a drive out into the woods. I took my bike. Chuck garrison said that he last saw sharon garrison on Wednesday, the 27th of September. He said they had agreed for sharon to drive chuck garrison up to georgetown lake to drop chuck garrison off with his bicycle to ride back to his home. ♪ bye. And she'd meet me back here. That's the last time I saw her. It's fairly routine in a case like this where you have a missing person to ask what the state of their marriage was. Have there been any problems with your marriage lately? Any reason why she would leave and not tell anyone? No, things have been great recently. In fact, it's the best it's ever been. Narrator: Eager to help, chuck volunteers to come in for an interview at the station. He explains it's not unusual for him and sharon to spend time apart now that she's busy with her new online sales business. ♪ ♪ ♪ they probe chuck further on the last time he saw sharon. ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ growing concerned about this prolonged absence, chuck's been out looking for sharon. ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ szuch: We looked into chuck garrison's story about him last being dropped off at georgetown lake and riding the bicycle back home. Cleveland: We talked to a number of high-school students in idaho springs itself. They reported seeing a person who matched chuck garrison's description riding a bicycle. This reinforced chuck's statement. Narrator: With chuck's story confirmed, detectives turn their attention to sharon's car. Sharon drove a maroon chevy blazer, which was also missing, and had not been seen since her disappearance. Yeah, this is dick cleveland. I need to put a bolo out for a maroon chevy blazer. Okay. Thank you for your help. Narrator: As they wait for any news on the car, police review sharon's credit card to see if there's been any recent activity. It's standard procedure to try to track somebody's movement by the usage of their credit card 'cause it'll identify purchases and where and when they were made, which is important. September 25th. Last transaction right there. $941 to a travel agency. Looking at this transaction, we had to look at the idea that maybe sharon had purchased these tickets and that maybe she had run off with someone. ♪ ♪ narrator: 49-year-old sharon garrison is missing from her colorado home. Her family have not seen or heard from her in 6 days. After discovering her last credit-card transaction was to a travel agency... $941. ...Detectives think sharon may have skipped town, but they don't know why. They pay her family a visit to see if they can help. Cleveland: I talked to sharon's sister carla and her daughter lacie to try to get any information that might give us some leads where to look for sharon. I want you to know that we're doing everything that we can to find sharon. It'd be really helpful for us to know more about her background. Was she married before? Yeah. Her first husband was loren. Robbins: Sharon was 18 when they got married. She had her first child, audra, with him, and their marriage didn't last. And her second husband was my dad, gary dissler. Gary, her second husband, to this day still, he never remarried. She was the love of his life. Cleveland: Prior relationships are really important. Spouses have been known to go back to prior relationships. And that could be an explanation for why sharon disappeared. Narrator: Detectives track down sharon's first husband, 58-year-old loren albright, who lives 4 hours' drive from breckenridge in la veta. Robbins: He was smitten by her. They had one daughter, audra, together. Szuch: Mr. Albright, what were your movements last week? I've just been here in la veta. Not really traveled much. Narrator: After confirming albright's whereabouts, detectives turn their attention to lacie's dad and sharon's second husband, gary. Mr. Dissler, when did you last have contact with sharon? Well, I haven't spoken to her in a couple months. Sharon wanted to be an airline stewardess and travel the world, expand her horizon, so her and gary ended up divorcing. You think you'll find her? I'm afraid it's too early to say. I think it was very, very hard on gary. All right. Jealousy by an ex is always something that needs to be investigated. Narrator: After some digging, investigators are able to confirm gary's alibi. With both ex-husbands excluded as suspects, they now search for anyone else sharon may have been in contact with. We appreciate you coming today. Chuck garrison had mentioned that sharon was married to the computer more than him. Back in 2000, internet dating was fairly new. It was possibility she met somebody online. We understand that sharon spent a lot of time on the internet. Could there be a possibility that she maybe met somebody online and ran off with them? It's important for us to cover all angles. Narrator: Lacie gives investigators access to her mom's computer. Cleveland: We looked into sharon's e-mail traffic to see if there was anything relevant to her disappearance. The only thing we found, the last contact was on September 26th, and that involved one of her internet sales that was in process, and so it didn't appear to have any relevance to her disappearance. Narrator: Police are now convinced that sharon isn't involved in an online romance, but it still doesn't explain the unknown travel charges found on her credit card. ♪ when? We called the local travel agency who had issued the ticket. Vegas in November? And the ticket was for a trip to las vegas. Thank you for your help. But it was for a trip to las vegas in November, not in September. We immediately talked to the family. Carla. Dick cleveland. Do you know anything about sharon taking a trip to vegas in November? We didn't know if there was any connection between that ticket and sharon's disappearance on September 27th. Audra's wedding. Thank you, carla. It was confirmed that there was a family wedding in las vegas during that time period, and that was the purpose for the purchase of the tickets, and so, again, it was a lead that kind of took us nowhere. ♪ we put flyers up on every pole we could find from here to vail, to fairplay, to idaho springs. The hardest thing for me was watching the family. [ voice breaking ] my mother... My mother was heartbroken. My nieces were heartbroken. But we wanted to find her. Narrator: Over the next week, as detectives question sharon's friends for information, one of them hands investigators a package. We were contacted by a close friend of sharon's, and she brought to us small microcassette tapes that sharon had given her. And sharon had told her that if anything had happened to her, she wanted her to have these tapes. This was a huge lead, so we really needed to know what was on these tapes. [ static hissing ] [ woman speaking indistinctly ] but they were very poor quality, a lot of background noise, and you couldn't make out what was being said. [ woman speaking indistinctly ] these tapes were sent to the fbi lab to be enhanced so we could possibly figure out what was being said. ♪ narrator: Then, 12 days since sharon was last seen, a call comes in from a woman in clear creek county, 8 miles from idaho springs. Detective szuch. And she found a maroon chevy blazer abandoned. Can you give me the address of where you found the vehicle? Okay. Cleveland: I was excited. This was the big break that I think we'd been looking for... Bye, now. ...To try to give us some direction in this investigation. Let's go. [ engine starts ] ♪ ♪ narrator: Sharon garrison has now been missing for 12 days. Police are hoping an abandoned car found near her home in idaho springs will hold some clues. Szuch: The license plate matched. It was sharon's vehicle. The car didn't appear to be vandalized. It didn't appear to be damaged. The car was unlocked. ♪ when I looked inside... ♪ ...The keys were in it. ♪ ♪ but there was no sign of sharon garrison. This is the first chance I think we had to formulate some new scenarios about what had happened to her. Sharon could've walked over here. Sharon could've committed suicide in the creek. She could've been abducted by a third party and disposed of. Narrator: With the car leaving them with more questions than answers, the investigators need to search for more evidence. This was the first crime scene we had that we'd really been able to look at. We brought in teams to search the entire area around the car... along the creek, along the frontage road... to look for any signs of anything that was amiss. Carla, it's dick cleveland. We knew when they found the car that there was something seriously wrong. We were hoping that she was alive, but didn't really know. Narrator: Carla and lacie join the growing number of people searching the woods. We walked miles just really close to each other just to try to scour the area. There were so many things that were going through my head when she was missing. It was just torture. Narrator: Then, several hours into the search, an ominous discovery near an abandoned mine shaft. A volunteer found what they thought was a boot print outside of the mine... ...And a red substance kind of a little further into the mine. [ camera shutter clicks ] investigators photographed the boot print in the dirt and took samples of the red substance. Narrator: The red liquid is rushed to the lab for analysis. Cleveland: This has happened in the clear creek area before, which is a mining area where bodies are disposed of down in the old mine shafts. Narrator: Specialist teams are called in to check the mine shaft. They search through the night, but by morning, no further evidence has been found. We've looked for a body. We didn't find a body using all the means at our disposal. I've got to move on to the next lead that may take us to sharon's whereabouts. Narrator: As detectives wait for the test results on the red substance, a local resident shares the details of a random encounter he'd recently had. Well, I was driving into town the other day, and I saw a hitchhiker, so I stopped. Szuch: He told us that the day sharon went missing, he was driving down tiger road near the garrisons' home... ...When he saw a man walk out of the woods. This man was hitchhiking. Where you headed? Yeah, I'm headed into town. Yeah, I'm heading that way. Hop in. - Okay. ♪ szuch: The man that picked up the hitchhiker thought there were things that just didn't make sense with this guy. He wasn't dressed for hiking. The man didn't think this gentleman looked like much of a hiker. What are you up to in town? Work. What was unusual about this man was that he had scratches on his face. Anyone could easily look at this and wonder, "why is a man walking out of the woods with fresh scratches on his face the day that sharon garrison is reported missing?" ♪ ♪ narrator: Sharon garrison vanished 14 days ago. Despite the large manhunt, she has still not been found. In the woods close to her abandoned car, a boot print and a mysterious red substance are the only clues, but now a witness reports picking up a suspicious hitchhiker near sharon's home the same day she was reported missing. Where did you drop him off? I dropped him off in front of town. [ engine shuts off ] appreciate it. You're welcome. ♪ [ vehicle door closes ] did you get a name? No, sir. The only other information he got was that he worked at a 24-hour restaurant in town, and that was all we had to go on. With the limited information we had, we had to try to find out who this man was and what he was doing in that area. Detective szuch. We found that there were no 24-hour restaurants in the breckenridge area. Narrator: That leaves investigators with no way to track the mysterious hitchhiker down, and the description given to the police doesn't resemble anyone in sharon's life. It's another promising lead that quickly fizzles out. ♪ their frustrations continue to grow when the test results of the red substance are returned. It was not human blood. They don't know what it was, but it was not blood. We kept the information. We kept the photograph of the boot print should it turn out later to be relevant, but it's one more lead that, at least at this stage, doesn't appear to take us any closer to finding sharon. Narrator: With the investigation stalling, detectives are pinning their hopes on sharon's audiotapes, which have been returned by the fbi. ♪ ♪ [ ringing ] ♪ when the tapes came back from the fbi, they had been noticeably cleaned up. Narrator: It's a phone conversation between chuck and sharon garrison... ...And paints a picture of an ordinary couple. But the tone of the second tape is very different. ♪ this time, it's not a phone call, but sounds like a secret recording. In my initial interview with chuck garrison, he painted a picture of a marriage that was doing really well. ♪ ♪ this clearly contradicts chuck's depiction of this relationship he has with sharon where he told us that everything was fine. It became clear that money was a big issue in this family and one of their points of dispute for a long time. Sharon always felt that chuck was not giving her enough money to pay the bills and to live and to have a life of her own in the marriage. She was clear she was gonna file for divorce. ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ this was a huge step forward in the investigation. [ tape rewinding ] ♪ it certainly brought to my mind that sharon was clearly fearful for her life shortly before her disappearance. ♪ it really is a concrete item that leads us to believe that there was discord, and it was very recently and contemporaneous with her disappearance, which, in my mind, leads me to look at chuck garrison more closely at this stage. Narrator: Detectives ask chuck to come into the station for a formal interview. They start by asking him again about his and sharon's relationship. ♪ ♪ cleveland: He was very clear about that, that they had had their problems, but that, right now, their lives were as good as they had been in a long time. He had no reason that she would leave. ♪ ♪ narrator: The investigators have caught chuck in a lie. Now they play their ace card. ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ cleveland: The good friend of sharon's said that she was just given some tapes by sharon, who had indicated that she had made them just recently. ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ narrator: Despite the tapes pointing the finger directly at chuck, they're not enough to charge him with murder, and he is released. Cleveland: We don't have a body yet. We don't know that there's been a murder. And so we know she's gone. It appears she's gone under suspicious circumstances. We have no proof that she's dead. ♪ narrator: Just as the case is in danger of grinding to a halt... [ telephone rings ] ...Investigators get a bolt from the blue. Hello? Detective szuch. We were contacted by a contractor named bob agosti. What kind of information? He had been working with chuck garrison throughout the summer to add in basically filler dirt to his driveway of his house. Narrator: On October 2nd, the day sharon is reported missing... [ cellphone rings ] ...Chuck garrison called bob. Chuck. Chuck: Hey, bob. Yes, sir. How can I help? Yeah, I got some more work for you. And asked for more dirt to be delivered to his house. Today. Say 2:00 p.M.? Okay. I'll see you later. Bye. Bye. When bob agosti delivered the dirt to the garrisons' house... Usual spot? Oh, no, no, no, no. I actually need three new places that need filling. ...Chuck was quite specific about areas that he wanted the dirt delivered to. Two of them are up here, and I have one a little lower down. All right. I can do that. You follow me. I'll show you. Okay. Bob thought it was unusual that chuck was there directing him on where to dump the dirt 'cause it never happened before. Thank you. Narrator: Thinking sharon's body may be buried under the dirt, detectives move quickly. Reporter: Summit county and cbi investigators searched the breckenridge home of sharon and chuck garrison, and although authorities would not call the missing woman's husband a suspect, chuck garrison is under suspicion. We are looking at mr. Garrison very closely. We moved thousands of yards of dirt. We were down in the first hole, far enough that we concluded that the body was not in that location. We moved about 20 or 30 yards to another area where fresh dirt had recently been put. Again, we began the excavation. Szuch: We went through pile after pile of dirt and weren't finding anything. Cleveland: The decision was made by the team that we would do one more excavation at the next logical place... about 10 yards downhill from where we were. ♪ we were there probably maybe an hour moving dirt little bits at a time. I personally had given up hope, and I thought I had just gotten it wrong. What was that? Whoa! Whoa! Whoa! Stop! Stop! Stop! At that point, someone yelled out, "I think we have something." ♪ ♪ narrator: 49-year-old sharon garrison vanished from clear creek county, colorado, nearly 3 weeks ago. Her secret tape recordings have revealed that she wanted a divorce. Now a tip-off suggests sharon may be buried at the garrisons' family home. Whoa! Whoa! Whoa! Stop! Stop! Stop! We stopped excavating at that point. Pass me that shovel. We came down with shovels. ♪ and when it moved the dirt, there was a blue plastic tarp, and the tarp looked brand-new. Yeah. When we took a knife and slit the tarp open... ♪ ...What appeared to be human skin was under there. ♪ [ coughs ] at that point, we knew we had found sharon garrison. ♪ ♪ I'm afraid it's not good news. ♪ [ crying ] [ crying ] I watched my niece... ...Hit the floor. It was devastating. [ crying ] [ voice breaking ] it was bittersweet. ♪ sorry. It was bittersweet 'cause we got her, we found her, but obviously, she wasn't alive anymore. Narrator: On Wednesday, October 18th, chuck garrison is arrested for the murder of his wife, sharon. At the medical examiner's office, the full picture of his gruesome crime is revealed. Cleveland: Examination showed blunt-force trauma with a pointed instrument of some type to the forehead. There was blunt-force trauma to the back of the head, evidence of strangulation, and strands of gray hair found in sharon's hand, indicating she attempted to defend herself during the attack. Narrator: The trial begins in March 2002. Mark hurlbert argues the case for the prosecution. Hurlbert: The picture we painted to the jury was that sharon garrison and charles garrison had been having trouble in their marriage. Sharon feared enough for her life that she felt the need to tape things. On the night of September 26th, things escalated even more. [ indistinct arguing ] you think I'm scared of you? I don't care! You better! There's a struggle. She grabs some of his hair. We think he grabs some kind of weapon and hits her in the forehead. ♪ he trussed her up and then put her down into this area in the front of his house. He takes the car down towards the idaho springs area and bikes home. That's when he's seen by the high-school kids. Narrator: On March 20, 2002, chuck garrison is found guilty and sentenced to 30 years in prison. Hurlbert: Charles garrison murdered sharon garrison because she was gonna get a divorce. Charles was cleaned out by prior wives, and he wasn't gonna have it. ♪ I've tried to forgive chuck, but I think before you can forgive somebody, you have to understand why something has happened. [ voice breaking ] I know I don't understand it. I don't understand why he couldn't just let her go. ♪ payotelis: I miss not being able to call her and just be like, "mom, what's going on? How are you today?" or, "what's the plan for thanksgiving?" ♪ [ voice breaking ] so many things I wish I could tell her. ♪ ♪ 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 