The Devil Speaks: Season 2, Episode 3 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 The Devil Speaks 
 s2e3 - Buried at the Ranch - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 The Devil Speaks (2018–…): Season 2, Episode 3 - Buried at the Ranch - full transcript 
 In Arlington, Texas, Michael Humphreys and Sandra Walton are brutally gunned down. Detectives don't know who the intended victim was but when they discover recordings of phone conversations... 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 ♪ I did have a feeling something bad was gonna happen. [ gunshots ] it was just like your worst nightmare just came alive. Mccaskill: Do you know anything about those murders over in fort worth? Taylor: This was more than just your everyday shooting. There was more to this. Thompson: I've never seen a human being taken apart by gunfire to that degree. [ gunshot ] 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 arlington is a city that sits between dallas and fort worth, which is a rapidly growing area. It's up to about 400,000 people now. It's where you see the at&t; stadium where the dallas cowboys play. [ cheers and applause ] arlington more aligns with fort worth. It still has that friendly, open vibe to it. Taylor: Fort worth's a good place. It's a good place for farming. It's a good place to work. And everybody got along together, and it was just, it's a good place. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Tabor: I was working at rusty's, which is a pool hall in arlington. I had just moved to the area and that was one of the first jobs that I got was at rusty's. I was a waitress and a bartender. Narrator: Andrea's boyfriend, mike humphreys, dreams of becoming a professional pool player. Lois: Michael had such a zeal for life. He was very competitive. He always wanted to be the best, and he was very professional about it. But at the same time, he liked to joke with everybody. Tabor: Mike was an excellent pool player. He was the state champion. He played in the tournaments at the pool hall. Great shot, hon. You ain't seen nothing yet. Brad: We liked andrea. She seemed very nice. And more importantly is she had very strong, good feelings for michael. You should keep your eyes on the table, hon. You should stop being so beautiful. Tabor: He had that personality that just made you want to be around him. He was funny. He was happy-go-lucky, lots of energy. You did good. Always. Always. Narrator: Andrea's friend sandra is michael's pool partner. Tabor: Sandy was like an older sister. Okay, happiness. Michael: Game on. Game on. Sandy was a good pool player also. Sandy was... A wild child. She was cool. Very free-spirited, very in your face. It seemed like she always knew she didn't have time to beat around the bush. She loved to play pool. She'd drop everything to play a game of pool. [ balls clattering ] they were a fantastic team together. From what I understand, they had a great friendship. And that's all it was, now, just, a friendship. There was a lot of age difference between the two. Whoo-hoo! They kind of made a couple of people mad because some people just don't like being a loser, but they were gracious winners. Tabor: That night, mike, sandy, and I, we had made plans to hang out later. And so we rode over to sandy's house. Her brother was there also... david... who I'd met for the first time that night. Sandy, you got any food in the house? No, but I could eat. Tabor: It was mike's idea to get food. They said, "do you want anything?" and I said, "no, I'm okay. I'm just gonna stay here." bye, hon. Bye. [ door opens ] [ door closes ] [ metal creaking ] [ thunder rumbling ] [ wind howling ] [ indistinct conversation on television ] [ gunshots ] I heard gunshots. They sounded like they were close. I just ran. I just ran for cover. So I ran in sandy's room and hid under her bed, and it just seemed like they wouldn't stop. [ gunshots continue ] sounded like they were going on forever. When the shots stopped, I didn't know what was going on. I didn't know. I just knew that it was bad because it was a lot of shots I came out in the living room. And her brother was gone. And so I heard somebody yelling, "somebody shot my sister, somebody shot my sister." and it was david saying that. It was her brother. ♪ I could see mike laying there on the grass, and he had been shot and he had his bag of fast food laying next to him. And then I saw her car. The car was parked on the street with the passenger side closest to the apartment, so I could just see basically a figure of her. There wasn't much left of her. It was like nothing I'd ever seen before. Just... Just horrifying doesn't even begin to describe what was... what was going on. It was like I wasn't even inside of myself. It was like I was looking outside and seeing all this. David was hysterical. He was hysterical. We both were. I was just trembling. I was scared. I was in shock, disbelief. It was just horrifying to see your... your friends there. They had so much life ahead of them. Somebody just came and robbed them of that. ♪ I was patrolling the west division of fort worth, the city's west side, when a signal 37, which is a shooting call, was broadcast. This neighborhood is highly unusual. The fact that was the only time, during the years that I worked that zone, that I even went in there for any type of call. It's usually a pretty quiet little area. Narrator: 9 minutes after the 911 calls, first responder officer brad thompson arrives. Thompson: When you first get out on that scene, you're scanning. You're very aware of things going on around you because is... is your shooter still right here in the immediate vicinity? There was a vehicle parked along the curb side. A white male was laying about 10 to 12 feet from the passenger side of the vehicle, obviously deceased. The second victim was still seated behind the wheel of the car. ♪ what I saw, my initial thought was, "this must not have been a shooting. There must have been some kind of explosion inside that car." her remains were terribly traumatized in 32 years as a law-enforcement officer, I have never seen a human being taken apart by gunfire to that degree. Mccaskill: Nothing was taken from the vehicle. Thompson: It did not have the appearances of a robbery. You can usually tell by what we consider overkill that this was very personal. Narrator: The detectives look for evidence to determine the type of weapon that killed sandra and mike. There were 26 ejected shell casings recovered out there that night. One of the things about the shell casings that was a little odd was they appeared to have been ejected from the left side of the weapon that was firing them. I wasn't familiar with any rifle in 2000 that ejected shell casings to the left. Then officer brad thompson, also a friend of mine, came up to me and said, "well, there's only one." and that would be a steyr aug. It's an austrian rifle. Some people will say an assault rifle. It was the only commercially available weapon at that time that ejected to the left, left and forward. As fast as you can pull the trigger, it is putting out .223 caliber high-velocity rifle cartridges. Mccaskill: We had a very dangerous individual running around out there. I wanted to get him. I wouldn't put an end to this. [ dog barking ] narrator: 20-year-old michael humphreys and 29-year-old sandra walton have been shot dead outside sandra's apartment. Mccaskill: They had gone to get something to eat. And when they returned home, that's when the shooting happened. Thompson: I would say that they were probably hit in excess of 20 times with a high-velocity rifle. Everything that's being shot up is from basically from waist up, so tremendous amount of damage. To dump the entire magazine into it showed a level of just hatred and rage. It was just like your worst nightmare just came alive. There's nothing that prepares you for this kind of thing. There's nothing that you could ever do to prepare for this kind of thing happening to someone in your family, especially one of your siblings. It's just... Horrific. It really is. Lois: I just screamed, "no, no!" ♪ you just don't want to believe it. It's hard to accept. And I really didn't accept it for a long time. You hear about martyrs all the time, but till it affects your family, you don't realize it, how devastating it is. This is our son. ♪ narrator: Detective mccaskill questions sandra's brother david and michael's girlfriend, andrea. Can you tell me what plans they had this evening? They went out on a food run and... When the police came, they were asking me if I know who would have done something like this. You know, it was hard to think at that moment. I was just so shocked by what had happened. I can't imagine anybody wanting to do this to mike, and sandy was a very likable girl. Was sandra dating anyone? Um... There was this bartender at the pool hall. Uh... Derrick. ♪ narrator: The next day, detective taylor pays a visit to rusty's pool hall. Taylor: Sandra had been dating a guy named derrick. So naturally you wanted to see what her situation was there, if she had problems or anything. Tell me, does someone called derrick work here? Yeah, derrick, two, three nights a week. Oh. What was his relationship with sandra? They told us she dated him, but he was working that night. Got any proof? I've got the roster. Let's have a look. Narrator: Derrick's name is in the roster, confirming he was working at the time sandra and mike were murdered. There was nothing to indicate he was involved in any way. Thanks for your help. Narrator: With no evidence connecting derrick to the double murder, he is dropped as a person of interest, but detectives soon find out derrick wasn't the only man in sandra's past. Tabor: Sandy was a beautiful woman. There were a lot of guys interested in sandy and wanted to date her, but she didn't just go out with anybody. I was thinking about the different men that sandra was seeing. I remembered her telling me about her ex-boyfriend james. Her relationship with james was, I mean, pretty brief. It was a month. But what I do remember is that james used to lend her money. When sandra broke it off, she actually wrote him a promissory note for $1,000. When james martinez came up as a suspect, we said, "well, we've got to talk to this guy." and we found his last address that we knew about. So we went over there right away. We loudly knocked on the door at about 6:30 that morning, and james' mother answered. Hello. I'm detective mccaskill. This is detective taylor. She said right away, you know, "james hasn't left this house all night. He's been here with me." so she actually went and got him. He came to the front door appeared to have been asleep. What are you guys doing here? Mccaskill: So we explained to him what was going on, that there had been a shooting and that sandra had been killed. He didn't have much of a reaction that I can recall. It was something to the effect of, "oh, really?" really? Mccaskill: I didn't find that particularly unusual or not because everybody reacts differently when they get that type of information. But we asked if he would talk to us about it. If I could be of help, sure. Mccaskill: So we arranged to have him transported to the police department while we stayed behind and spoke with james' mom. James' mom said that james had been in the garage exercising, working out with weights, running on the treadmill while she had been in her bedroom. On a phone conversation at the time this shooting happened. Do you mind if we take a look around the home? She allowed us to search the home for any weapons. ♪ narrator: But the search comes up empty. James claims to know nothing about the shootings but volunteers to help the detectives. Taylor: He was asked about his situation with sandra, and he did... did admit, you know, that they had been seeing each other. We met about six months ago at a bar. I asked her out. We dated for a few weeks, but sandra called it off, said she didn't feel a connection. He also said that, you know, she owed him some money and he was to the point where he really thought he'd never get his money back. Mccaskill: How much? About 1,000 bucks. After we broke up, she said she'd paid me once she got the money together. Can you think of anyone who would have cause to hurt sandra? ♪ [ crying softly ] narrator: To determine a motive for the murders, detectives need to establish who was the intended victim. They look into mike's past for clues. I did have a feeling something bad was gonna happen. Narrator: Michael's mother was scared for her son because he didn't just play pool for fun. He played for money. Lois: I had voiced a lot of concern to him. You know, that as he was very good at playing pool, he might take somebody's paycheck. You owe me 50 bucks. And I said as much. I said, "somebody is gonna knife you in the parking lot." and I was very concerned, you know, that he was so cavalier about it. And he said, "oh, mom, I can take care of myself." and I said then, I said, "yeah, you could, one on one in a fistfight. But what if they had a knife or a gun?" I said, "you couldn't do anything about that." I prayed every night for his protection. ♪ narrator: Detectives investigating the murder of sandra walton and mike humphreys have just discovered mike often bet big money on beating his opponents at pool. It could be some type of revenge over a gambling debt. You know, did michael have somebody that he hadn't paid or he had had words with somebody over a pool game? ♪ we started looking into people that knew mike. Did you know michael humphreys? Did you guys ever play pool with michael humphreys? We couldn't find anything. Not where anybody, you know, wanted to hurt him. Narrator: After drawing a blank at the pool hall, police dive into the medical examiner's report. It reveals mike was shot approximately eight times. Sandra's remains were so traumatized, it proves impossible to determine the number of bullets that hit her. Taylor: You could tell there was overkill. There was no doubt the person that did this had a reason to do it. I mean, you know, he fired 27 rounds out there from a .223 assault rifle. But you don't know who was meant to be shot or both were meant to be shot. Narrator: Detectives are digging into both mike and sandra's pasts for any clues as to who would want to kill them. They speak to sheila about any other significant relationships in her sister's life. Well, there was this one guy. Lomprey: She had a friend named theron dixon. He was older than I am, like, 10 or 20 years older. He always creeped me out because I couldn't understand what an old man like that was doing around my sister. Taylor: This theron dixon... was he interested in more than just friendship? Well, he would buy her gifts and give her money. And I kept trying to tell her... You know he's gonna expect something eventually. People just don't give you cars and money for no reason. And... I kept waiting for that shoe to drop. I kept waiting, and it never did. Narrator: Investigators look into theron dixon, discovering he's a single man with no criminal record. And as they delve into sandra's financial records, the extent of his generosity becomes apparent. I got sandra's bank statement. We found out that he paid all her expenses for her. Now I want to know what does he have to gain by spending all this money on her? Narrator: Theron dixon is brought in for questioning. Mccaskill: Tell me about your relationship with sandra. I met sandra two years ago in a club. And we've been friends ever since. Did you ever help her out financially? I paid her rent and utilities. Why would you do that? His explanation was that felt sorry for her and liked her. Therefore he paid all of her bills. Didn't make much sense to me. You perhaps think that giving all this money to sandra would make her like you more? What are you implying? And I just confronted this gentleman about the possibility of some kind of sexual relationship. Of course not. She's young enough to be my daughter. He adamantly, very adamantly denied there was anything like that going on or ever had gone on. I love sandra, but as a friend, nothing more. I was... I was a bit suspicious of that. How can you afford to lend her all this money? What do you do for a living? I run a lawn maintenance service. Taylor: Where were you on the night of the 24th? I was at home. Taylor: He said he was home by himself, and there was no way to, you know, anybody to talk to about it, you know. We couldn't determine really any connection with the murder and her, other than the fact that, you know, he had been helping her out, financially. Narrator: Theron dixon is released without charge but remains a suspect. Detectives search sandra's apartment for further information about her personal life. Taylor: And, you know, we were looking... looking to see what was in the apartment. There's something might lead us in some direction, somewhere. ♪ some audio tapes were found. We took those away. They definitely need to be listened to to see what was on them. Narrator: Detectives investigating the murder of sandra walton and michael humphreys have discovered audiotapes in sandra's home. The answering machine that she had also had the capability of recording a conversation if you enabled a certain function. Is that theron? Narrator: Detectives move on to another tape. And the tone of the conversation turns. It's james martinez. James martinez is sandra's ex-boyfriend. Sandra had made the tapes, and now one of the tapes, you know, was definitely james martinez. It was him telling her "I want my money." narrator: James then pressures sandra, telling her to write him a promissory note for $1,000. Some threatening-type messages were made, but that doesn't mean that that person carried through with those threats. That could be a scare tactic, trying to get money from her. However, james became a stronger suspect in my mind. Narrator: Detectives are now satisfied theron dixon has nothing to do with the double murder. And there is no evidence that the money he gave sandra was motivated by anything other than friendship. James martinez is now their prime suspect. And detectives look into his phone activity for any new leads. Taylor: We found one phone number that was called several times the night the murder occurred. ♪ mccaskill: We were able to track that phone number to a horse ranch in aledo, texas, which is just west of fort worth. Let's go. Yeah. Larry taylor and I went out to that property and found a several-hundred-acre facility. And we were able to establish contact with that property owner, who allowed us into her home. She knew james. He was friends with an employee of hers. Casey. He's staying here while he's doing work for me. Where can we find casey? He's working out on the ranch right now. ♪ casey. How can I help you? I'm detective mccaskill. This is detective taylor. Do you know james martinez? Yeah, we're friends. Mccaskill: We learned from him that he had bid some type of fairly large construction job for a local rancher in that area and that he and james were friends. And that james was also a welder, so that he had been in touch with james to see if he could help him on this... this job for this rancher. Do you know anything about the murders of sandra walton and mike humphreys over in fort worth? No. But, you know, I've been so busy. I don't watch the news much. Taylor: He acted like he knew nothing about the whole thing. And we felt at the time, casey knows something. You know, we're gonna have to pursue this further. Narrator: Detectives take casey back to the station and further question him on his relationship with james martinez. Taylor: Have you spoken to him on the telephone since the night of the 19th? Mccaskill: He didn't provide us with any information one way or another that would either include or exclude james from anything, at least not quite yet. [ telephone rings ] narrator: One day after interviewing casey, detectives receive a surprise phone call. Detective taylor. Oh. Hello, casey. Casey said, "hey, james martinez wants to move something from a warehouse he has rented, you know, a storage facility." so we thought, "well, we need to put james under surveillance." narrator: 13 days after the murders, james is tracked to a warehouse in south fort worth. [ camera shutter clicking ] mccaskill: We saw james carrying cases from that storage unit, loading them into the back of his suburban. We followed that suburban from south fort worth all the way up into grapevine, texas, which is 25 or 30 miles. ♪ ♪ taylor: When you look at that, as a detective, you're sitting there, going, "why is this guy moving this stuff?" you know, there's another red flag. He's got a reason to want to move it. We need to find out what it is. Narrator: Detectives investigating the murder of sandra walton and michael humphreys have just seen ex-boyfriend james martinez moving cases into a secure lockup. Back at the station, detective mccaskill gets an unexpected phone call. Hello, detective mccaskill speaking. The attorney of ranch owner patsy machak calls police wanting to make a deal. Patsy has information connected to the double murder. She just wasn't ready to give that information to us until she had that guarantee that she wasn't gonna be prosecuted for anything. So I contacted the local district court judge and immunity was granted. Narrator: With the revelation about the bag and its mysterious contents, detectives call casey ashford for an explanation. Casey, this is detective taylor. Patsy machak just told us about the black bag. Either you come clean, or I'll put out an apb for your arrest. Casey says, "well, james did contact me. James martinez contacted me, and he wanted me to keep a bag for him." [ pounding on door ] hey, man, I need you to take this for me. What is it? Just take the bag. I'll be back for it after a few days, okay? And he never said, at that point, you know, what was in the bag or what the deal was. Right at that moment, he never said it. Okay. Thanks, man. Thanks. ♪ he looked in the bag. And there's a rifle, there's an assault rifle. And at that point, he says he got really scared. He just got scared. He didn't know what to do. He knew he had to do something with it. He didn't want to have it. So he made the decision to bury it and he did. Where'd you hide the black bag, casey? ♪ he stated that it was buried underneath a horse watering barrel that was outside of one of the barns. The property owner knew exactly where that was and directed us there. So we started digging. The soil was very loose. It appeared to have been recently dug. [ indistinct conversation ] definitely something down there. So we dug and dug some more. Got it. One, two, three. [ grunts ] we came across a package, probably about 3 feet long and maybe a foot and a half in diameter. It was wrapped in trash bags and duct tape. When we opened that, the first thing we saw was a steyr aug rifle. ♪ there were several full magazines of ammo. There was black clothing. John. Yeah. Look at this. There was some body armor. And in looking at everything that we had, at that point, I think we all agreed there was enough to arrest james martinez. Narrator: Two weeks after sandra and mike were murdered, a warrant is secured for the arrest of martinez. Taylor: You know, with what we know about him, for safety reasons, it'd be best for swat to make the arrest. ♪ ♪ [ indistinct yelling ] ♪ ♪ ♪ narrator: Once in custody, martinez's mouth is swabbed. His dna matches the clothing found in the bag buried at the ranch. ♪ with the evidence stacking up against martinez, a warrant is approved to search his storage units. ♪ taylor: There's several weapons in there. Some of them had been modified. He had several hundred rounds of ammunition. There was some books about murder, disposing of bodies, and things along that line, just, you know, gruesome reading stuff. And he had... he had wrote, you know, at the end of the book, "completed reading by james martinez." the best thing that came out of the search, I guess, the worst for him, was a promissory note that sandra had signed. John. Thompson: She owed him a little bit of money. Certainly not worth, you know, murdering her and a bystander over. All of this for $1,000. As things came out during the search warrant of his storage building, this was a man fascinated with death who felt, basically, I think, entitled to kill anyone that crossed his path that he just... if you wronged him, in his mind, you just didn't deserve to live anymore. ♪ [ indistinct conversation ] taylor: He had planned this. There's no doubt he had made the decision he was gonna kill sandra. ♪ [ indistinct conversation ] he's waiting on her. She was the target, but, you know, michael was collateral damage. ♪ he made it maybe 10 feet before he collapsed. [ gunshots ] mike! She never made it out the driver's seat. Ja... [ gunshot ] narrator: On January 30, 2002, james martinez is found guilty of capital murder and sentenced to death. There was no evidence to suggest james' mother knew about her son's weapons or intentionally lied to provide him with an alibi. She was not charged with any crimes. Casey ashford pled guilty to tampering or fabricating physical evidence. Police do not believe he had any involvement in or knowledge of the murders. On March 10, 2009, james martinez is executed by lethal injection. Brad humphreys is present and reflects on the pain his son's senseless death has caused. Brad: Here's a message I'd like to see get out there. It's, "think about your consequences, the lives that are ruined, let alone the victims, but your own life, your own family's life." when mike's murder was executed, I was in the observation room. There was...[ sighs ] no satisfaction. The only advantage I see is literally that james can't hurt anybody else. The main thing is... That I loved him. ♪ ♪ I miss him every day. But I know one day, I'll see him again. And I know he'll be standing there in heaven with a big smile on his face. And we'll hug each other again. ♪ lomprey: After sandy had been killed, we found her poetry book. And we found a poem in there. And we included it in her memorial. It is entitled "when I am gone." and it says, "for the one I love, I leave my heart. For the ones who love me, I wish them to be free. For when I die, there will be pain. Please don't cry. I can't explain. Tears may fall. It hurts deeply. But most of all, our lives we leave. So when I am gone, look above. You must all live on my eternal love." 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 