The Devil Speaks: Season 2, Episode 5 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 The Devil Speaks 
 s2e5 - Killer Reputation - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 The Devil Speaks (2018–…): Season 2, Episode 5 - Killer Reputation - full transcript 
 Dr Margo Prade is shot to death in the parking lot of her own medical practice in Akron, Ohio, and the senseless act shocks the city. Police are baffled until they discover that Margo's phone calls were being secretly recorded. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 It was a sensational crime. It had a chilling effect on the entire city. I ask myself, "did we investigate everything that we possibly could have?" I knew that this was going to get really ugly, and I was so scared. same time next week? Same time next week is fantastic. Thank you very much. Okay, great. The day before thanksgiving, I came into work. my line rang. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Hello? And margo was on the phone. I'm on my way. 41-year-old mother of two, dr. Margo prade, runs a successful medical practice in akron, ohio. I said, "on your way where?" because she was never on time. - To work, joyce. - Alright. I'll see you in 5 minutes. I'll see you in five. After about 20 minutes, I started to wonder, where is she? Maybe she got caught up in traffic, and then as the time went on, I started to worry. An hour and a half after margo's call, 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 her medical assistant goes to get something from her car. It wasn't but a minute that she ran back in. "it's margo!" margo? I was calling her name, "margo, margo!" margo! I saw that she was laying slumped over to the side. I knew she was dead. there was not one person in akron, ohio, who would or could say anything bad about dr. Margo prade. Breathe deeply. Margo's practice grew to be over 7,000 patients, and all of her patients loved her. You could be in a bad mood, and margo would walk in and smile. And it's like, everything is going to be okay. Margo is here... what have we got? It's douglas prade... Lieutenant mary myers of akron's homicide unit is tasked with investigating margo's death. Margo is sitting in her van with her legs in the driver's seat, and her head laying over on the seat. This was a lot of blood and a pretty horrific fight scene in there, it was clear that she had been shot. Myers. There was a broken tennis bracelet outside the passenger side door. Attempted robbery? Doesn't look like anything's been stolen. Her purse was there. Her cell phone was right there. Personal effects were there in the car. We decided to just close the van up with margo in it. Let's seal it up, and get this out of here. We knew that she'd been murdered, but the question was, who? Because it's right there in the parking lot of the doctor's office where people are coming and going all the time. Do you know what happened here this morning? She called me. She said she was 5 minutes away. We're starting to interview some of margo's employees. One of my detectives came in and said... Doug's here. He collapsed in the parking lot. Douglas prade is margo's ex-husband and also a highly respected captain in the akron police force. It's like, gosh, this is doug's ex-wife, and we need to do our best on this. You couldn't talk to anyone in akron who didn't know douglas and margo prade. Hey, baby. - Hey. - Hey! You have this police officer who's on the fast track to become one of the first african-american chief of police that akron, ohio, has ever had. Do you have any homework? And then you have this doctor who is also popular. They believed in each other's careers, they supported each other's careers, and everyone loved them. Although their marriage ended 8 months ago, doug is still very much part of the family. I'll see you soon. Doug described their relationship even after they divorced that they were very friendly, and they got along, and everything was for the girls. we got doug inside, and they said, "somebody has got to interview doug. Somebody has got to interview doug," so I ended up going inside the office. I sat down and talked with doug. I'm calling him doug, not prade, not captain prade. I mean, he certainly deserves that title, but I knew him. Doug, I am so, so sorry. Yeah, thanks. I had to ask him these questions, and I had to get his alibi, but I really didn't want to do that. Where were you this morning? Um, well, I was at the gym. Doug said he was at the gym somewhere around 9. Two hours into his workout... - Hello? - ...He gets a call. There's a female police officer, carla, called him and told him that margo had been shot. What? And doug said that he immediately left. Is there anyone who could vouch for you? Anyone who saw you at the gym? There was a caucasian woman that came in and worked out for an hour or so, and I got the time that he said he was working out, so we're good to go at that point. Doug, who else do you think we should be talking to? She had a new boyfriend, tim something. Yeah, listen, um, I've got to go pick up my girls. They're still at school, and they don't know what's going on. Sure, I'll walk you out. While police search for eyewitnesses among the patients and staff, news of the shooting reaches margo's friend, donzella. I asked joyce, "well, where is she? Where is she? Which hospital did they take her to? Well, she is alive, right?" and joyce went. My god. I lost it. I just... You know, I don't remember a whole lot after that. Who in the hell would do this to her? It was horrible. I had probably 30 or 40 detectives and uniformed personnel in the area. One of my detectives was doing a canvass of the buildings. There was a car dealership next door, and they had outside security cameras. One of the cameras overlooks the parking lot where margo was killed. We could see just in the upper-left-hand corner margo's van, and it came into the lot and parked, and all of a sudden, we could see this car come in and pull into the lot and park diagonal. They can just about see some movement around margo's dark-colored van. A minute and a half goes by, and all of a sudden, the car door opens, and this person steps out, jumped in his car and drove away. We saw the homicide. It's right there on tape. Margo prade has been shot dead outside her place of work, and grainy surveillance footage has captured her killer fleeing the scene. The problem was, we couldn't make much sense of it. We can't tell whether it's a male or a female. Okay, what kind of car was it? It's too small to tell. Is that clock accurate? We were able to establish that the homicide happened between 9:10 and 9:12. This was when that homicide happened, those 2 minutes. Margo's vehicle is now being processed at the coroner's office. So we have the van up in the garage. Have you guys found anything yet? We laid a white sheet out, and we pulled margo out, and a couple of bullets fell out, and then we took her jacket off, and another bullet fell out. The bullets appear to have passed all the way through margo's body. we recovered, I think, six fragments, which we thought were six bullets. defensive wound? Margo probably put her hand up to protect herself, which would put the bullet through her palm and up into her head. What's that? We found a funny bruise on her upper left arm, and it was just a little crescent-shaped bruise, and we could tell it was fresh, so we believe that the killer did implant that bruise on margo's arm, and the coroner said, "I think that's a bite mark." all I saw was some bruises, but he said you could measure the distance between the teeth and the angle of the teeth and the width of the teeth and determine what teeth were there. The homicide unit are instructed to carry out dental checks on anyone who had recent contact with margo, including colleagues, family, and friends. I had to go to the police department, and they took a dental impression. Everyone that worked with her, we all had to do that. They were probably not involved in this. Nevertheless, we still have to consider them and eliminate them as the person who did the bite mark. The next order of business is confirming doug's alibi. Excuse me, ma'am? We found out who this woman was, and we went and interviewed her. And she was very corroborative of doug's alibi. The witness was at the gym around 8:30 a.M. And remembers doug arriving 10 minutes later. So he's there. He couldn't possibly have been involved in this, and I felt relieved and kind of reassured that somebody else had done this, and we're going to find the person who did this. But interviews with potential witnesses from margo's office have drawn a blank. So lieutenant myers chases her only lead. Could I speak to tim holston, please? Turns out that margo was dating a high-ranking lawyer in a town about 2 hours from us. I'd like to ask you some questions regarding margo prade. I came to see you, yeah? These are so beautiful. Thank you! Five months ago, margo began a relationship with tim holston. They were getting very close to each other, and she was hoping to announce their engagement on thanksgiving. There was a big dinner planned at her house, and he was going to meet the family. where were you on the morning of the 26th? I had to investigate him because margo's ex-husband is in her daily life with her children. Is there some jealousy naturally going on? He worked in columbus. That's about 2 hours' drive from us, and so on the day that margo died, his alibi was that he wasn't anywhere around. Even though tim's story appears solid, lieutenant myers decides to have his teeth checked. But every time that we had somebody come up, we would run them by the dentist and say, "okay, look at his teeth and say 'yes' or 'no.' does this fit or not fit?" okay, thank you. We'll be in touch. While detectives wait for the results, the local community comes together for dr. Margo prade's funeral. This was really a profound incident in akron because people loved margo. It was truly awful. Kenya was sitting next to douglas, and she was crying a lot. Then at some point, sahara was going around, passing purple bows to everyone, and tim, he got to know margo's family after she was murdered, and he said, "I hate that I never had a chance to meet these wonderful people under better circumstances." With such a high-profile victim, akron police have no shortage of tips from the public. This was a huge investigation, and it just kept blooming every day. We'd been investigating tip after tip after tip, and suddenly we got this anonymous letter, and this letter said that this couple was fleeing the country, and that we'd better hurry up and catch them quick because they killed margo. Seven days after dr. Margo prade's murder, investigators receive an anonymous letter. It names the killer as adele sullivan. The letter suggested that the woman is the person who introduced margo to her current boyfriend, to tim. And she was jealous because this relationship had gone off between margo and tim and it had gone so well. So she was accused of being so jealous that she would kill margo in order to take her away from tim. myers. Then we found out that someone was putting posters on people's cars and blaming this couple for margo's death. The poster claims adele's husband, baxter, is helping her flee the country. And so we had to get right on that tip. The accused couple have a high profile in akron. The male was a prominent attorney and a very respected member of the community. His wife, adele, is tracked down and summoned for a police interview. What is this? That's what's been going around town, accusing you of murdering margo. This woman told us they didn't have any axe to grind with margo. They were friends with her. Her community relations were strong. She was a trustworthy person, upstanding citizen. Nothing came up in her interview. The letter could be an attempt to frame the sullivans or take the heat off the real killer. Do you mind if we check your dental records? Not at all. Once again, they must wait for the dentist's analysis. With doug back in the family home to take care of his daughters, police pay a visit to search margo's property. What kind of things are you looking for that might help you? Well, any kind of paperwork that would lead... For instance, if somebody had something against her and was writing her threatening letters, or possibly phone records that may indicate someone may have been calling her and causing her a problem. We searched everywhere. And in the garage, investigators make a strange discovery. We found this cassette player with an outlet to the phone. what's the recorder for? Um, it was margo's. Doug said that margo wanted her phone taped as a record because she got patients calling her at all times of the day. She wanted to know who called and what they said. With police still investigating margo's former patients, they take the machine as evidence. back at the station, detectives begin to review the tape. the recordings date back several years. There were hours and hours of calls from her patients, and margo was so loving. But there are also other conversations between margo and her friends. Margo and office manager joyce are discussing a female colleague of police captain douglas prade. myers, I think you'd better listen to this. The name is familiar to listening detectives. Carla was working at the time in our police station, up in the courts. Carla is the one that notified doug that margo had been shot. Hello? The conversation suggests margo had an issue with officer carla smith. Hi, this is myers. We found out that there was some rumor that doug and carla were dating each other for a number of years while he was married to margo. An extramarital affair could explain why doug's marriage to margo ended, but the rumors surrounding he and carla go even deeper. We were told that he had a love child by her, and she was married to someone else, and so she never confirmed that it was doug's. That raised a lot of worries with me because was she a jealous sort that would want to hurt margo for some reason? I just wanted to ask you a few questions about where you were the morning of margo's murder. Where was carla that day? And what was her alibi? I was on shift. And what time did you get there, exactly? She came to work at 8:30 in the morning, about when she called doug that margo had been shot. And is that when you contacted doug? Yeah. Lieutenant myers checks out carla's alibi. I'm after some more information about one of your officers. From the information that we investigated, she went missing for about an hour. That is interesting. Which was during the time of the homicide. Thank you very much, bye. Where was carla for that hour? Carla smith is now a person of interest. We did a search warrant on carla's house. good-looking boy. Myers. We found out that doug spent a lot of time at carla's house, and some of doug's financial papers were there. Let's take it. That made me wonder, what was carla doing with all this? Akron detectives are investigating the murder of dr. Margo prade. And during a search of carla smith's apartment, they find documents belonging to margo's ex-husband, doug. We had collected some of doug's financial information, and we had a whole package of his previous tax returns. They take the paperwork back to the police department. There was a bank deposit slip dated in October, so before margo was killed, and we flipped it over, and on the back of that, it was written $75,000, and there was five or six numbers that were added up and then subtracted from that 75,000, and we thought that was really curious, so we went back into doug's credit cards, and we started seeing that there were corresponding debts for each one of those figures. Started to get a feeling that things weren't quite as rosy as we thought they were about doug. Margo was living in a fancy house with a swimming pool, and she was making very good money as a medical doctor, and doug? He didn't even have his own car. It looks like the divorce has hit doug hard. Lieutenant myers speaks to margo's family to find out more. We wondered what the $75,000 was about. I need to find out from you if margo had a life insurance police. It turned out that margo had an insurance policy for $75,000 with doug as the beneficiary. Thank you. For lieutenant myers, questioning her superior, especially one so highly regarded, is a daunting task. But she has to follow up this new lead. Doug, do you know anything about this? Is that your handwriting? Yeah, I wrote this. Doug does admit that, that $75,000 is from the life insurance policy. I know this probably doesn't look right, but after what happened to margo, I had to fill out some paperwork. But he also said that he did that after margo had died. He was trying to sort through the bills and the things that you have to do when someone dies, just picked up a slip of paper and jotted those numbers down. His answer is plausible. Look, doug, I appreciate your patience with all of this. I understand, mary, no problem. I didn't want to believe that doug did this. I didn't believe that doug did this. The case is still warranting media attention, as evidenced by footage showing doug publicly expressing his support for the investigation. Police department is doing an outstanding job. They're using all of their resources to investigate this, including resources of the federal government, so I feel very confident that they'll reach a resolution of the situation soon. It was in the newspaper nearly every day. What's the latest on the investigation? It was a big deal. It was a sensational crime. A month into the investigation, there's still only one real clue to the killer's identity: The bite mark on margo's arm. It was about a month into it when we were having all kinds of people having their teeth checked by our dentist. At first, we were just having him look at the people's teeth to see whether they might fit these bruises. The dentist has ruled out many of margo's acquaintances, including carla smith. And her alibi checked out. Carla went missing from her office for an hour, but it turns out she was still on shift. She was transporting some prisoners here and there to court. But there is a short list of people whose teeth closely match the bruise. He said, "these are the ones that I want to check further," so he would start naming these people. The list includes adele sullivan, the woman accused in the anonymous letter, and tim holston, margo's boyfriend. And we had doug, so we had dental impressions made and sent them off to an expert. For certain members of the homicide unit, the police captain remains under a cloud of suspicion, and they get permission to check his locker at the police station. In that locker, we found some cassette tapes. We realized that those were tapes of margo's phone calls from her house, and what were they doing in doug's locker? the detectives hear a familiar voice. It's doug's. it's a tense exchange between the divorced couple. Doug described their relationship even after they divorced that they were very friendly, and they got along, and then we heard those tapes and found out that it was not that relationship. It was not friendly. But there's an even bigger revelation to come. We're in the middle of these tapes, listening to them, and she tells... I think it was to her mom. And her mom said, "why? Why do you think that?" "well, he knew right away when I had said something, and I'd never told him." come and listen to this. Margo didn't know her phone was being taped. She didn't want those tapes made. That was not margo's doing, which then led us to believe that doug had put this cassette recorder in her garage to listen to her phone calls. It was in a location where she didn't find it. Doug was lying about that. But subjecting a fellow officer to further scrutiny provokes intense hostility from some of her colleagues. The police department was sharply divided with this. Many detectives and many police officers and supervisors did not think doug had done this and were interested in this case and wanted to find out what we knew. We decided that we couldn't leave any records in my office because all of his friends on the police department had access to my desk and my area. That was a pretty scary time because I was carrying a case file full of our investigation with me everywhere I went. As they continue to review the tapes, an even darker picture of doug prade begins to emerge. It broke our heart. She was afraid of doug. The information that we were getting was that doug was upset. Doug was angry. The potential for violence is certainly there. Lieutenant myers is still hoping for hard evidence that points to a different perpetrator when the dental expert calls. Myers. I took the phone call. I was by myself. The dentist has compared several suspects to the bite mark and eliminated all but one. They told me... "are you sure?" and I physically wanted to throw up. The bite mark on dr. Margo prade's arm has been matched to one suspect. Doug? Are you sure? It is very difficult to investigate a fellow police officer. It's hard. I didn't want to do this. I didn't want to be a part of this. I certainly didn't want to be the lieutenant in charge of the homicide squad. I knew that this was going to get really ugly. Carla smith and tim holston are no longer under suspicion, and the letter implicating the sullivans proves to be a false accusation from an acquaintance. And that's when we fully focused on doug as the suspect. We knew we were going to do an antagonistic interview of doug and confront him about the evidence. It was a very tense moment. You're going to come here into my department? You're going to accuse me in front of my people? And doug blew up and denied everything. What's the matter with you? Get out there and find my wife's killer! Now convinced captain doug prade murdered his ex-wife, the homicide team take their controversial case to the akron da. I saw this case as a tremendous challenge. I also knew based on the high-profile nature of it that we'd better get it right. One thing we didn't have was, we had no eyewitness. Even though there were people at the doctor's office, we couldn't place them at the scene. So investigators revisit everyone who had been in margo's office on the morning of the murder, and one patient wants to change his statement. Apparently you have some information for us. Yep, saw the guy who killed margo. What? He had visited her office that morning just to check in on something. Yeah, next week is fantastic. Thank you very much. Okay, great. See you then. He left the building at around 9:10, the time margo was killed. He was standing at the back door, waiting for his ride. He saw the car coming by. As he passed right by where he was, he looked in and saw the driver. What? What are you saying? Can you pick him out of a photo array? - Take your time. - He looks down at it. He picks one, and he goes tap, tap, tap. That's your man. He just picked out doug prade. And you're sure this is the guy? That's... that's the guy. Well, why didn't you come in before? I knew he was a policeman. I just didn't want... But he was afraid, and he didn't want to come forward, and so he waited, and it wasn't until much later that he decided he needed to come forward, but he was adamant that this was the man he saw driving the car. But this new revelation contradicts the witness from the gym who claimed she'd seen doug at the time of the murder. Investigators double-check the woman's story. She started out being certain and became less certain as time went on. The witness now claimed she could have started her workout as late as 9:30 a.M., 18 minutes after the murder took place. The gym is only 6 minutes from where the homicide took place, so she provided an alibi of sorts, but one that was not specific enough to exclude him from possibly being the murderer. Three months after margo prade's murder, akron police department are finally ready to make an arrest. Let's do it. - Douglas prade! - Yeah? We're arresting you for the murder of your ex-wife, margo prade. What?! Turn around, hands on the vehicle. I'll have your badge for this. I'm going to have your badge for this! Doug prade pleads not guilty to the murder of his ex-wife, margo. We know now that this is probably going to be one of the most high-profile cases that our county has ever seen... high-profile victim, extremely well-known, high-profile defendant, extremely well-known. The prosecution recounts what happened on the morning of November 26, 1997. Douglas prade, in debt after his divorce and resentful that margo had moved on without him, was determined to get his hands on her life insurance money. And so he waited for her. He's going to stage it to look like some sort of a stranger-on-stranger robbery, and then her minivan comes in. She was going to unlock that door and let him in that minivan because she wasn't thinking he was going to do something like this. I believe he actually told her why he was going to kill her, and she knew then, once he pulled that gun out that she was in her fight of her life. In the course of the fight, he has to bite her, and then he regains control and shoots her six times. Later that morning, doug disposes of his clothes and the weapon. He knows he's got to get over to that gym. Hello? And he's still there when he gets the call. Alright. Alright. I'll be there in a couple of minutes. Alright. Something's happened to margo. You need to get over to the scene. He drives over to the scene and makes a big show of fainting in front of everyone. In court, doug denies any involvement in the murder and also denies that he's the father of carla smith's son, but after hearing the tapes and seeing doug's teeth match margo's bite mark, the jury reaches a unanimous verdict. You hereby find the defendant, douglas e. Prade, guilty of the offense. Douglas prade is sentenced to life in prison for aggravated murder. To think that one of our own would go and kill their spouse and then lie about it and deny it over and over again, put the blame on everybody else. These officers give their lives for their honor. Where's his? Douglas prade has maintained his innocence since his conviction. His last appeal in January 2019 was rejected. She'll be forever missed by me, and I'll always have those good memories, and I try to hold onto the good and not the bad in life. I'm so sad that she's gone. I was so looking forward to her life after douglas. I was so looking forward to her happiness because she was one of the greatest people I ever met in my entire life, and that is the honest to god truth. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 