I Hart Food: Season 1, Episode 6 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 I Hart Food 
 s1e6 - Meet Me in Montana - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 I Hart Food (2017–…): Season 1, Episode 6 - Meet Me in Montana - full transcript 
 Montana is known as ranch country, but in Missoula they're taking their meat obsession to a whole other level; Hannah Hart digs deep into the meat of this city and tastes hearty dishes like... 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 I'm Hannah Hart. Hello. And I am obsessed with food. For the past five years, I've been sharing my passion with millions. Hoo! Let's go. Now it's time to journey through this incredible country to discover America's greatest, most delectable foods and the people as devoted as I am. You have introduced me to a dangerous new favorite, 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 my friend. Hallelujah, amen. There you go. Join me at the table... My God.. ...for "I Hart Food." ** Montana, mon-Hannah. Welcome to Missoula, Montana. Missoula is known as ranch country, but I'm not talking about the dressing. In the heart of western Montana, it's strictly bovine business. Holy cow. Montana and beef, it's just part of the lifestyle. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 We're big meat eaters here because this is all beef country. It's a hearty food, tastes delicious. I'm obsessed with eating meat. I'm definitely a meat eater. And, you know, here in Montana, we have our own beef, our own pork. A lot of ingredients are here, locally made. It's deliciousness at its finest. I'm here to dig deep into the meat of Missoula and explore this cattle countryside. But where to start? Lucky for us, my good friend, Hank Green, happens to be a local. You my recognize him from his YouTube channel, VlogBrothers. It's Hannah Hart. Cheers. And since he's lived here for 15 years, we're meeting up at his favorite burger spot, the Missoula Club, so he can give us the inside scoop on what Missoula is all about. You've been asking me to come to Missoula for years. I have. I am proud of this town. I love it a lot, and I like to show it off. I just wanted you to see a little bit of what a traditional Montana, like, eatery experience is. What's the food in Missoula like? For a small town, we take it pretty seriously. I mean, there's a lot of meat. It's a lot of hearty food. It's like you're gonna be eating because it's going to last you all day. Yeah. But that's every meal. Missoula Club's burger is the best in town. Made from local Montana beef, their patties are hand formed, grilled, and topped with melted cheese and crispy sliced onions. You absolutely have to try a Mo burger. They're great. They have blends, spices. They're all homemade in house. They're delicious. You get cravings for 'em, and there's nothing like 'em. Yeah, they're delicious. You can get singles, doubles, been eating them forever. This is a staple of Missoula, and I think it represents Missoula. This is just the best tasting burger in town. Hello there. Look at those onions. I'm literally salivating. - Thank you. - I know you love mustard. You do. You know I love mustard. Now do they ask you how you like your meat cooked? - They do not ask. - So it's really simple. There's, like, no decisions you have to make. They do it all day long. They know what they're doing. Cheers. Burger cheers. See? That's a good burger. That's a good burger. This is your continued campaign to get me to move to Missoula. Anything I can do. With about every restaurant in Missoula serving beef, the stakes are high. But the burger isn't the only dish that makes the cut. I'm headed to Lolo's Steakhouse, a place that considers cooking steak an art form. I've been cooking a long time. And pretty much, people like what I do. I get to kind of perform here and make people happy, for the most part. Every time I come, I don't even have to look at the menu because I always know what I want because it's always the same. It's always delicious. We always get the Lolo. It's always cooked to perfection. It always tastes good, and you always know that you can get a good meal here. But there's more to Lolo's than meets the eye. Owner Mike Grunow loves steaks and puns. Our motto, actually, that we use is that we are rare, yet well done and... I like that. ...it's -- that's what we like to believe. Our reputation is based on service, quality, and history, and we do all of those very well. Tonight, we're featuring a 36-ounce bone-in rib eye. 36 ounces? 36 ounce and it's selling like crazy, actually. All right. Let's do it. While my steak sizzles, let's talk about what to look for when choosing your own cut of beef. A term you often hear is marbling. But what is that? Well, marbling is the amount of fat that runs through the cut of meat. Marbling is one factor that determines the quality and price of your cut. Another is tenderness. The tenderloin is one of the more expensive cuts of meat because, frankly, there's not much of it on the cow, and it gets it name because it doesn't get a lot of use, so it leaves it very lean and very tender. Another high quality cut is the rib eye. What it lacks in tenderness, it makes up for in marbling, and a marbled meat is what's gonna give us that delicious juiciness. So let's give this rib eye a try. I have your rib eye here for you. - My God. - There you are. This is our 36-ounce rib eye from the steakhouse. - I think that you and about -- - I've got a minute. ...three other people should join me for this. Well, it's -- you've got plenty there to eat. So the rib eye that we serve is the highest quality. It's an Angus rib eye. It's probably the best you can buy. We cut all of our steaks. They're hand-cut in the back, and we cut these ribs this afternoon, so it's as fresh as it can get. I guess when you have a really fine-cut quality of meat, you don't really need much more. Basically, all we're doing is rubbing it with a salt and pepper that we've mixed. With you rib eye, we have our real sweet potato served with honey butter and, of course, the steakhouse Texas toast. Awesome. Okay. Let's do it. I hope you enjoy it. My God. It's so thick. Wow. Look at this bite. That is incredible. It's so juicy and so tender. Thank you. A lot of that can be attributed to the way it's cooked on that grill, you know, it's searing those juices in immediately once it goes on the grill. Yeah, and you can tell because it's perfectly charred on the outside, but the inside is remaining so tender and so moist. Yeah. - Mike? - Yes. You know how to cook a steak. Phenomenal. Cheers to you. - Here's a go. - There you go. Thank you. They really do take their meat seriously here in Missoula. But we're just getting started conquering this meat frontier... ...and it turns out it isn't just about beef. We have a confit leg of rabbit with sunny-up egg. I love a sunny egg. A sunny egg is the prettiest thing you can put on a plate. It's the prettiest thing you can put on a plate. In Missoula, Montana, whether it's flame-grilled, pot-roasted or pan-fried, locals just can't get enough beef. And here in cattle country, it's tradition to eat hearty dishes like steak and potatoes. But it's typically for dinner. At our next restaurant, Burns Street Bistro, they're swapping out the steak with lighter meats, like rabbit and lamb, and serving it up as brunch with a twist. They take the idea of typical Missoula, Montana food and kind of make a little bit more interesting, just greasy, good, homey Montana food. I went with the biscuits and gravy today. It is delicious. This breakfast sandwich is amazing. This is why I get out bed before 9 in the morning. ** Hi, Hannah. Walker. - Walker, nice to meet you. - Nice to meet you. - Thanks for coming down. - This is a... I'm meeting up with Burns Street's chef, Walker Hunter, who's known for cooking the best and heartiest brunch in town. He's serving me a lighter take on the traditional steak and grits... ...and adding a traditional breakfast ingredient. I love a sunny egg. A sunny egg is the prettiest thing you can put on a plate. It's the prettiest thing you can put on a plate. It's so aesthetically pleasing. Somebody else has already done all the work for you. So we have braised leg of lamb with a local huckleberry sauce served over polenta with blue brie cheese, sunny-side-up egg, and a little salad of arugula and micro kale. So how do you cook this lamb? So that lamb, we rub it, sear it off, and then braise it overnight as well. And do you braise it in its own juices? This was with some Chianti, some lamb stock that we make from the bones, a little bit of the huckleberry juice and then braise it overnight. That's wonderful. I like it. It's meat and potatoes, but it's lamb and polenta, wonderful. This is fantastic. It's just so satisfying. And I also really like the huckleberry 'cause it gives it that little bit of sweetness.- But I also -- And lamb had its own kind of natural, slightly gamy sweetness to it that huckleberries can help accentuate. It's just like you're going on this entire flavor journey with every bite. It's taking all of my power not to shovel this into my mouth. Well, don't fill up on that because I've got something else coming out for you in just a minute, another kind of take on ranch classics. Second breakfast! This next dish is a new take on the traditional corned beef hash, and here, they've replaced the beef with a delicious alternative. We have a confit leg of rabbit with sunny-up egg, red flannel hash, some creme fraiche, some pea shoots, and a little shaved horseradish. Awesome. What's red flannel hash? So red flannel hash is the beets cooked with the potatoes so that they kind of stay in the potatoes as they're tossed around and give it the effect of kind of having a flannel-esque appearance. - A look to it. - Yeah. - Okay, cute. Is rabbit a really common protein around here? It's definitely starting to make an appearance on more menus around here, but traditionally, it's always been kind of a sustenance food that people could pick up while hunting. Get this. Eating rabbit isn't as common as it used to be. But during World War II, they weren't regulated by the government, which means they weren't rationed. It used to be a regular protein at the dinner table. While they aren't as commonly consumed today, rabbit meat actually has quite a few benefits. It's a lean protein that's low in cholesterol. Not only that, but rabbits, themselves, are pretty easy to raise since they breed... like rabbits. So let's give this other, other white meat a try. Here we go. So you get that kind of earthiness coming from the beet. I think the sweetness of the beet and the saltiness of the rabbit really go together rather well. Yeah. I mean they're nice kind of counterpointed foils. Absolutely, wonderful. Awesome. Well, thank you so much. This has been a hare-raising experience. It can't be "beet." Can't be beet. Can't be beet. That's good. I knew I paid $60,000 on an English education for something. - Yeah, I did English lit, too. - All right. ** I'm having a blast in Missoula. But I think it's time to go home. Home on the range, that is, to the Bitterroot Bison Ranch. A hundred years ago, bison were almost extinct. Today, over 30,000 bison roam across the U.S., thanks to ranchers like Troy Westre. Is there a difference between bison and buffalo? Buffalo is the water buffalo that's in Africa. So it's just a slang word that just stuck. So "Home on the Range" really messed this up -- Yes. ...'cause it's not buffalo roaming. No. - These are bison. - No, no. It's a totally different animal. Yes. Wow, wow, wow. Been raising bison for 16 years. We have about 200 head here with their calves. This is on about 250 acres, which sustains them. We make our own grass. We do feed them round bales in the winter, but all they get is grass, I mean, no grains, no -- We don't feed lot them or nothing like that. So it's all as natural as possible. When you started out, did you have this many? No, I started out with five. Wow! And then you just put on some Motown and told them... I just kept on adding and adding, and it's really been working out good. That's incredible. His head is literally the size of two thirds of my body. It is. Bye, son. Bye, son, yeah. Bye, son or nephew. But it's not goodbye just yet. Up next, we're headed right down the road to the Bitterroot's very own food truck, where they serve up a dish that's become my new obsession. I am so excited to eat this. Here in Missoula, Montana, whether it's beef, lamb or rabbit, they just can't get enough meat. And here at the Bitterroot Bison Ranch, it's a family affair. While Troy tends to the ranch, his wife and son are running the Bitterroot food truck, serving unique variations of bison dishes. So how did you guys go from ranch to food truck? We just figured that this was the next natural thing to do. Has there been a really high demand for your meat? Yes. Bison is one of the leanest meats available, so when cooking it, extra care is needed. When grilling, roasting or sautéing leaner cuts of meat, like bison, chicken breast or even turkey, it's easy for them to dry out. So how do we solve this potential dehydration dilemma? Well, here's one way -- Marinate your meat. There are three basic ingredients that make up most marinades. First, an oil, this can add back in that missing moisture. Then, an acid,a vinegar, juice or wine which helps break down the toughness of the meat. Lastly, seasonings. Depending on the recipe, soak your meat in the marinade anywhere from an hour to a whole night, the result, a juicy and tender meal. Just some food for thought, dare I say, something to marinate on. But marinade is not the only way to cook lean meat. Here at the Bitterroot food truck, they cook their bison meat with water and crushed tomatoes. This maintains the moisture and makes one heck of a taco. So this is your taco? - Yep. - What's on there? We got shredded cabbage, bison meat, feta cheese, cilantro, salsa, and chipotle sour cream. Awesome. I am so excited to eat this. How did we do? I'm really picky about my tacos. This is fantastic. There are so many incredible flavors in this taco. The sharpness of the feta cheese, the spiciness of the chipotle sour cream, and the fragrant bite of cilantro are perfectly balanced with the slightly sweet flavor of bison. I expected that the bison would taste differently from a traditional beef taco, but if anything, it just tastes more interesting. It's more flavorful. Wow, this is -- It's a little richer, too, you know, the meat is a little. It's so much richer. That meat was well done, and I am ready for more. At our next spot, The Notorious P.I.G., people line up to choose from their endless list of meat styles. They've got New York pastrami, Memphis ribs, Buffalo chicken or St. Louis brisket. Everyone's obsessed. I am eating their special today. It's called the pulled rib sandwich. It's just really, really good, juicy, not dry at all, nice amount of sauce. Burnt ends are the best. I love them. They're sweet, a little bit sweet, perfectly made. My favorite meal, actually, is a pulled pork sandwich. They absolutely are melt-in-your-mouth good. Flavors can't be beat. Owner Burke Holmes brought his passion for barbecue back from his hometown of St. Louis, where he learned from world-famous pit masters. This place is pretty notorious. - In a good way. - In absolutely a good way. Like a sweet, smoky way. Yeah, like a good, sweet and smoky way. Now I got no beef with pork or chicken, but we're in Montana, and this is cattle country. So I'm not gonna risk it. I'll go for the brisket. Wow. My. Whole mess of barbecue and some vegetables because vegetables are good for you. This is good. I like this vegetable. But it's obvious. It's a vegetable covered in cheese, which makes it even better for you. - Exactly right, exactly right. - Awesome. Well, talk me through what's on this plate. Well, we'll go left to right. We've got some beans, which were made earlier. We've got the brisket. We've got the burnt ends on the right, which are these cubed-up numbers, and our take on a Mexican street-style corn. Awesome. Well, I'm excited to eat. Dig in. - That's good. - Good. Glad you like it. It's a lot leaner than I thought, and you can really taste the smoke but also the beefiness. Good. So these are what we call burnt ends, and they come off the fattier part of the brisket. Those don't last very long at this restaurant. We typically sell out of those right around the middle of lunchtime. Wow. This is delicious. - Thank you. - So how do you make your corn? We actually just throw her in as a whole piece of corn. We leave the husk on it, torch it a little bit and get that nice little burnt edges on there and then, some Alabama white sauce. It's mayonnaise, whole bunch of vinegar, some apple juice, lemon juice, salt, coarse-ground black pepper, cayenne, and mayonnaise. Okay. ** Yeah. I love this Alabama white sauce. That is -- that's really good. The sauce is so rich and creamy, but with a dash of cayenne pepper, it's got a real kick. Do you ever consider getting a food truck, taking this to, like, venues and events? We might have to do that. We'll consider it. If we do, we would just call it Piggy Smalls. So do you like puns? We like puns a little bit. You don't worry about being too corny? Missoula's meat enthusiasts have really steered me in the right direction, and it doesn't stop here. Next up, we're tasting a beefy treat that uses America's favorite cut of beef. So which is America's favorite cut of beef? Is it A, brisket, B, sirloin or C, ground beef? Coming up, we'll find out. At my next stop here in Missoula, Montana, we're tasting a savory treat that uses America's favorite cut of beef. So which is it? Is it A, brisket, B, sirloin or C, ground beef? The answer is C, ground beef. From burgers to meatloaf to sloppy joes, America just can't get enough. And it's in the main dish as Missoula's favorite pastry shop, The Empanada Joint. It's always delicious. We come here about once a week, and I get a minimum of three 'cause they're delicious, and it's just such a great mix of flavors. It's absolutely phenomenal. I've never had anything like it. I love how unique it is, not necessarily the kind of place you'd expect to find in Missoula, Montana. But it's here, and it's awesome. I'm meeting up with owner and chef Solange Brunet, who's giving me the scoop on this Argentinian meat-filled pastry. First things first. What is an empanada? Every country has their own form of folding food in a pastry. In Italy, you have the calzones. In a lot of South America, we have empanadas. A lot of different countries make them. We just differ in what we put in the dough, and we make our dough with flour, butter, and water. Flour, butter, and water, that's all? We don't compromise on the butter. A lot of people use different things, but butter is best. Well, I would love to know how these beauties are made. No doubt. I'm gonna teach you. Yeah. This is the fun part. This is my grass-fed beef batch. And it's one of our top three empanadas we sell, so it's your typical ingredients that are in the authentic Argentine beef empanada. So that is ground beef. We've got a bunch of onions in there. We have hard-boiled egg in there, green onions, green olives -- - Awesome! - ...and raisins. - And raisins? - Yes, correct. - Get a little bit of filling. - Okay. And put it in the center. - Those are green olives? - They are. Yeah. This is gorgeous. All right. You ready to close? - Yeah. - Here we go. Awesome. You know, making these, it makes me just want to, like, go home and have an empanada-making party. It does. Okay. This is the fold. Give it a little thumbprint, and then, you flip that. There you are. This is so awesome. - It's so pretty. - Yeah, that's it. - There you go. - That's it. Hey! Solange brands her empanadas, as they do in cattle country, to distinguish each flavor. Beauty! Look at the little edges. I'm never going to look at an empanada the same way. - I'm gonna know. - As well you shouldn't. Someone's hands, someone tender loving care made this empanada. It's true. Aw, yeah. ** This is so delicious. - You like? - I'm addicted already. Awesome. I can definitely see why people come back for more. Well, that wraps up my food adventures here in Missoula. It may seem off the eaten path, but this meat Mecca can really hold its own. Hey, listen. On this episode, you're off the hook. We're focusing on land animals. Prom photo. I want to see that in the bloops. I can't believe we've gotten this far with no "Hannah Montana" jokes. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 