I Hart Food: Season 1, Episode 3 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 I Hart Food 
 s1e3 - Portland Is for Lobster - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 I Hart Food (2017–…): Season 1, Episode 3 - Portland Is for Lobster - full transcript 
 Lobster on a roll with mayo, sauced up in an Italian spaghetti, and sautéed in Thai sauces; Hannah catches her own lobster. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 I'm Hannah Hart. Hello. And I am obsessed with food. For the past five years, I've been sharing my passion with millions. Let's go. Now, it's time to journey through this incredible country to discover America's greatest, most delectable foods and the people as devoted as I am. You have introduced me to a dangerous new favorite, 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 my friend. Hallelujah, amen. There you go. Join me at the table... My God.. ...for "I Hart Food." ** Hey, guys. We're here in Portland, Maine, and we're ready to talk about lobster. Thank you. Welcome to Portland, Maine, land of the lobster. There's lobsters everywhere. You can barely go two steps without running into one. Question, is this job all it's cracked up to be? 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 I'm actually asking you. I mean, they are completely obsessed. When I eat lobster, I go full Daryl Hannah in "Splash" on it. You take that lobster, and you just put it in your mouth and just start gnawing away. Get in that tail. Get in those claws. I like lobster any way I can get it. Buy it straight from the docks, and then, you could make the biggest mess you want and deal with it in the morning. But before we taste our way through this lobster mecca, let's first break down the basics. The two most popular parts of the lobster are the claw and the tail. That's because they have the most meat, but if you ask anybody from Maine what the best part of the lobster is, it's gotta be the knuckle. It may seem like a small amount of meat, but it's the most succulent. How else can you eat this delicious part of the lobster? On a roll, an absolute must for Mainers. Today, for lunch, we're having a lobster roll. I've had it before. It's been fantastic. Between the toasted bread, and the mayo, it's just the best. I think it's the most delicious thing I think I've ever had. Perched on a cliff with stunning views of the Portland Head lighthouse, Bite into Maine is a local food truck serving some of the most incredibly fresh and unfathomably delicious lobster rolls in the country. Owner and lobster enthusiast Sarah Sutton is telling us how they do it. How long have you had the truck? - This is our sixth season. - Sixth season? - Yep. - Wow. What kind of meat do you put in the lobster roll? We use fresh Maine lobster, never frozen, and we use mostly knuckle and claw meat. It's the sweeter, softer part of the lobster. Sarah is so crazy about lobster rolls that she didn't put just one on her menu. She put six! Some of the more unique flavors include the smokey chipotle-mayo roll, an Indian-inspired roll with an earthy curry powder, and a picnic-style with homemade coleslaw. With so many varieties, it's hard to pick a favorite. Some of those nontraditional flavors are really fun. The wasabi is my go-to. It's unusual. It's great. Picnic-style with the coleslaw bed and melted butter and celery salt, I mean, you can't beat it. Now, it's time for my taste test. Wow. I picked the three most popular varieties -- the traditional Maine, the Connecticut, and the Japanese-inspired wasabi-mayo roll. First up, the Maine roll. So what makes this the traditional lobster roll? In Maine, it's always lobster mayo. - Lobster mayo. - Yep. - Nothing else? - Nothing else, usually. We kind of did a different spin with putting the fresh chives on it, which is actually kind of controversial. - Really? - Yeah. There's a big controversy around it? Yeah. Absolutely. I think it looks so pretty, though. - I do, too. - The green is so nice. This is mighty. You're not fooling around. ** I think the chives are a pretty lovely addition. I don't know. That's where I stand on the debate. Once people have it, I think they really see how it adds to the lobster flavor, and it just tastes really fresh, and it looks gorgeous. I thought that, maybe, the mayonnaise would kind of, like, overpower the, like, lobster taste, but if anything, I feel like the mayonnaise almost highlights it. Yeah. I think it's a really good vehicle to bind it together. It makes it a little bit creamy. It's delicious. And now, our next contender. Now that I've had the traditional Maine style, I'd like to experiment with the Connecticut. Absolutely. Connecticut-style is just the lobster meat and butter. - Pure lobster meat -- - Yep. ...and butter, sounds good and, maybe, a little bit of lemon. Yeah. I would do the lemon, too. Okay, great. ** Okay, butter me up. I have to say that I think this is my favorite part. Don't be skimpy on the butter. Okay. That is awesome. Do you like it? I love it. I actually -- I mean, okay. I have a feeling that every time I try a new one, I'm gonna say, "That's my favorite," but I actually really, really like it. Also, I think I'm just getting better at taking bites from lobster rolls. That's just, like, perfect. - That's a perfect bite. - That's a perfect bite. I agree. But how do they get that delicious butter taste? Well, in this roll, it isn't just butter. It's clarified butter. Guys, this is super easy to make. All you have to do is melt two sticks of unsalted butter over medium heat. Once it's completely liquefied, bring it to a simmer. Then, cook for 45 minutes or until the milk solids on the top have browned. Butter is about 80% fat and 20% milk solids, so by straining it through a cheese cloth, these parts separate. Voilà. And all you have left is that delicious, buttery taste. Now, we all love a good classic, but let's try something a little less traditional. Lucky for us, Sarah found an ingenious way to put a new spin on an old favorite. Here we go, wasabi! The wasabi infusion takes traditional mayo and packs it with a big spicy, Japanese sucker punch. I'm a huge, huge fan of wasabi, Japanese horseradish. It's so, so, good. Sometimes, people think wasabi, and they automatically think, you know, like, a big dollop of wasabi that you'd get with your sushi or whatever, and what we do is we add a little rice vinegar to it, so it's kind of creamy, and it's subtle, but it still has a little bit of the zing to it. I'm, like, blown away. I never thought that I could taste wasabi without automatically getting ready for that just intense kick of flavor in the face. ** I love you all equally, but if I had to pick a favorite, I'm gonna say it's the wasabi. Really?! - I've never -- Yeah! - Yeah, it's good. I've never had the full flavor of the Japanese horseradish with none of the kick. I mean, it's just -- it's incredible. You've added these extra flavors but without overpowering that still just delicious traditional roll. So there it is. All of Sarah's lobster rolls were so incredibly fresh and tasty, but the wasabi is really the one that won my heart. But we're just getting started tasting Portland's delicious and unique takes on lobster. Up next, I'm trying a dish that is so deeply delectable, it'll have you coming out of your shell. It's this really amazing profile of flavors and textures, a little sweet, a little crunchy, a little savory. It's nothing like anything I've ever had. So that's for me to try? - Yeah. - Okay. I think so. People travel from miles away just to eat lobster in Portland, Maine. Eating locally in Maine means eating lobster. Lobster, obviously. We've got the best lobster in the world here. It can be simple and light or complex and rich, but even though there's a million ways to eat a lobster, there's only one way to catch it. And you've got to see it to believe it. Here, I've got a present for you. These are gonna be your lobstering pants. Let's head out there and pull some traps. All right. Let's do it. These look amazing, very form-fitting. I hear orange is big this fall. Captain Tom Martin is taking us through Portland's Casco Bay, where 100 boats have their lobster traps set up and ready to go, so let's check in our ours to see if we've got a catch. We got two traps on the line, so we got two chances to catch something, so keep your fingers crossed. We have no idea what's gonna be in there. Let's see what happens. I'm so excited. All right. We've got lobsters in the first one. Yay! - It's filled. - There we go. Watch your fingers, Hannah. All right. We've got some potential. What we're gonna do, Hannah, is we're gonna measure the lobster to see if it's big enough to keep. Okay. From his eye socket right to the edge of the back needs to be at least 31/4 inches for us to keep him. Okay. So we're gonna hook this right behind his eye.- Then, we're gonna watch closely to see where this touches when we drop it down. Yeah. If that touches on the back, he's big enough. If it touches under the back, he's too short. You can see that one easily. - It's on the back. - It's on the back. - We've got a keeper. - We've got a keeper! All right. All right. Let's see if we've got another one, here. Right. You're very bold with your lobster grabbing. Okay, so... So this one we're gonna throw back. Why don't you go ahead and grab him right on his back, behind the claws, and just drop him nice and easy over the side. Sounds good. - You can do this. - Sounds good to me. I can do this. Goodbye. You know, I actually think I would enjoy just coming up here, picking stuff and just throwing things back -- - Yeah, right. - ...into the water. You could say lobstering is a whale of a good time, but the ship has yet to sail on my appetite. Back on dry land, I'm ready for my next take on the lobster. Next up is a spot that serves some of the most delicious and unexpected food in all of Portland. Boda is taking Maine's obsession with the lobster and combining it with a cuisine that you wouldn't normally expect -- Thai. Boda is really great at incorporating a lot of different flavors, so I think of Boda as being a Maine version of Thai-fusion food. We got an original dish, the quail eggs. I like it 'cause it's delicious. I've never had a bad meal here. My wife and I come here, I don't know, like, four or five times a month. Boda is combining local ingredients, like quail eggs, apples, bacon, and asparagus, and incorporating them into their classic Thai dishes. Think I can't eat it all? Just Thai and stop me. This is a pretty cool looking spot, you guys. Co-owner and chef Dan Sriprasert is going to show us how he puts a Thai twist on his Maine obsession, what else but lobster. Wait. What are you mixing up together? That's great that you don't boil the noodles. You're actually just using the juices -- To cook it. ...from the lobster to cook them. Another trick Chef Dan uses is cooking the lobster right in its shell, and there's a reason why. Lots of seafood can be cooked in the shell, and laziness is not just the reason. Mussels, clams, scallops, shrimp, they all get an extra bombshell of flavor if you keep them in their case. The flavors of the exterior get cooked right into the meat, and it keeps the moisture in, too. So in a clam shell, think before you peel it off, whether you grill it, sautée it, steam it or fry it. Save the work and don't chuck the shuck. So how does this cooked-in-the-shell method stack up in this dish? I'm about to find out, and look, no hands needed. - So that's for me to try? - Yeah. Okay. I think so. Okay. here we go. I think that is really good. The first thing I can taste is the ginger, but the glass noodles have really absorbed a lot of the flavor of the lobster, just absolutely wonderful. I really love what you've done here because this actually is allowing the lobster to carry so many other wonderful flavors with it. - So... - Thank you. - You crushed it. - Thank you. You crushed it. You crushed it, lobster pun. There we go. Yeah! Boda is amazing, authentic and unexpected, all at the same time, but as much as I'm loving this lobster, everyone says you can't leave Boda without trying another creative crustacean. Boda's manager, Jeremy Sossei is sharing some food that I've heard is shrimp-ly irresistible. So what we have here is our apple salad. See some shrimp with it, some peanut, onion, toasted shallot, and it has a palm sugar, fish sauce, lime juice dressing. This is really supposed to be a refreshing, cleansing, easy-eating salad. The apple's tartness and the peanut's salt bring out a perfect sweetness of the shrimp with every bite. How about them apples? That's awesome. Great, great texture, great crunch to it. So you're getting a little sweet, a little citrus, peanut, onion kind of coming through. It's delicious. I could eat this all day. Can I take this home with me? Can I just -- Bye, guys. End of show. But we're just getting started on the lobster frontier. Up next, an upscale, Italian-influenced lobster dish that everyone is absolutely obsessed with. They make the most incredibly fresh lobster dishes. It was just so fresh. It really highlighted the lobster. It tasted so sweet. ** I've got to say, I'm starting to become a real Maine-iac for the lobster here in Portland. Everything looks so delicious. It can't get fresher than this. You know? The ocean's, like, right there. From steamed to rolled, you can be a lobster purist or a lobster radicalist. all I know is it's delicious any which way you cook it. Here in Portland, it's no wonder it's the star of every dish, but the lobster, well, it don't come cheap, though it wasn't always this way. Lobsters weren't always known for the lavish lifestyle that you think. In fact, they were once considered peasant food. It's hard to believe that kids on the East Coast used to be embarrassed to go to school with lobster for lunch. In the mid-1800s, since lobster was so cheap, they started serving it on trains, which gave people outside of Maine access to lobster for the first time. The second was the chefs suddenly realized lobster tasted way better if you cooked it live, so with lobster now being tasty and accessible, the demand for it skyrocketed, and suddenly, it becomes "fancy." Today, the lobster is properly luxe, and even though there are lots of low-key variations, our next stop is elevating lobster to a whole new level. Central Provisions is obsessed with local, fresh ingredients and serving them up in an approachable, yet upscale, way. They use all the wonderful bounty that you find here in Maine, from local produce to seafood. They make the most incredibly fresh lobster dishes. It was just so fresh. It really highlighted the lobster. It tasted so sweet. Joining me for my meal is Chef Chris Gould, a lifelong Mainer and award-winning restaurateur who's serving me his signature lobster dish. All right. This is your squid-ink spaghetti here. That's beautiful. Fresh Maine lobster and sea urchin. The star of Central Provisions is an Italian-influenced lobster pasta that's infused with the sweet and salty flavors of the ocean. Absorbing all the flavors in the dish is the incredible house-made squid-ink pasta, with its distinct black color adding a soft texture and a little salty kick, The rich ocean zest is achieved by adding three different types of seafood -- first, sea urchin, then, the sweetest, most tender part of the lobster. - You gave me the knuckles? - Yes. That is so sweet, literally. And finally, something I've never heard of, bottarga. It's salted, dried, pressed mullet roe. It comes from the Mediterranean. It adds just, like, a really nice, rich seafood flavor. The bottarga, yeah, yeah, I get it. It's salty, but it's not just salt I'm tasting. But as amazing as the pasta is, it's the sauce that makes this dish stand out, no squiding around. Bomba Calabrese. Bomba Calabrese, I mean, I feel like it's a bomba in my mouth. The Bomba Calabrese sauce is a literal spice bomb made of four different types of peppers, jalapeño, serrano, pepperoncini, and hot chili flakes. And the real secret to the dish is the freshness. So how long ago was this lobster alive? - This morning. - This morning! That's crazy. About six hours ago, five hours ago. About six hours ago! He had no idea what was in store for him. That's awesome. - He's on TV. - Yeah, he's on TV! You're famous, buddy. How did you think of this? It's just every flavor of the ocean that you can kind of fit together that makes sense. You know? You've got the salt, the sweet, the funk.- Here is a way that I would never think to prepare lobster. The lobster is just so versatile, but it's not just the meat that can make a delicious meal. It's also the shells. As you know, eating lobster can be really messy, but before you throw out those shells, you should really consider making a stock with them. To make the stock, all you have to do is sautée carrots, celery, and herbs in some butter, add the shells and water and bring to a boil. Then, simmer for an hour and a half. It's that simple. Plus, you've already paid so much money for the whole lobster. You might as well use every part. It turns out, there is only so much lobster a girl can actually have, but that doesn't mean that it's time to leave Portland just yet. Next up, I'm tasting a New England classic that Maine calls their official state treat. So what is Maine's sweetest obsession? Is it, A, apple pie, B, the whoopie pie, or C, oatmeal raisin cookies? The answer when we come back. So besides lobster, what else is the state of Maine obsessed with? Is it, A, apple pie, B, the whoopie pie, or C, oatmeal raisin cookies? The answer is B, the whoopie pie, a creamy and chocolaty dessert that's a favorite among the locals. So we're heading into Two Fat Cats, a spot that's been a local love for over 12 years. So what exactly is a whoopie pie? It's basically a devil's food cake top and bottom, and in between is sandwiched some kind of vanilla filling, and from there, home bakers and bakeries have riffed on that in, like, 100 different ways. We do the pumpkin during the fall. We'll also do red velvet at Valentine's Day. This summer, we did a zucchini whoopie pie with a blueberry filling, which was amazing. That sounds phenomenal. Our batter includes cocoa powder, which is traditional. There's flour, of course, lots of butter 'cause we love butter. Melted chocolate goes into it, as well. So that just kind of ups the chocolate ante a little bit. So all you do is you just want to pull forward, just level it on the sides, and you've got the right -- ...level of scoop, and there you go. Now, they go in the oven for 11 minutes. Cool. We can do about 100 pies at a time in here, and this is what they look like when they come out of the oven, so they've got a little dome on the top. They're flat on the bottom. That's exactly what we want to fill them. They look like melted chocolate chips. They do, kind of, yeah. For her signature whoopie-pie filling, she whips up a delightful Italian meringue made of marshmallow buttercream, which includes egg whites, sugar and lots of butter. Right on top. Then, smoosh, gentle smoosh. Wow, that's so fun. - Can I try one? - You go right for it. - Okay. Here we go. - That looks good. - I hope you will like it. - I hope so, too. That's great. Yeah? Good. Wow. It's amazing because the texture of the cake is so light and so fluffy. I mean, it's wonderful to have it fresh and still warm, but I really think it's the filling that makes this one special. See, look at this. Yeah. If you don't wanna eat this, then you're wrong. Portland, you've rolled and clawed your way right into our hearts, and, boy, was it fun. This is Larry's fun trick that he likes to do. I do not want to mess around with him. No! Hey, like a nightmare! Bye. Never come back. That's all, folks. That's all for me, that is. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 