The Donna Reed Show: Season 1, Episode 9 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 The Donna Reed Show 
 s1e9 - Dough Re Mi - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 The Donna Reed Show (1958–1966): Season 1, Episode 9 - Dough Re Mi - full transcript 
 Donna's plan for a fund raiser goes awry until Jeff agrees to have dinner with a girl. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 OpenSubtitles recommends using Nord VPN from 3.49 USD/month ----> osdb.link/vpn Well, that's when I got my idea. So I jumped to my feet, and I explained to the committee how we can raise the $2,500. That's my girl. Well, everyone applauded, and then Betsy Carter said, "I move that Donna be elected chairman." Bingo, I was chairman. Well, I really didn't want it, and I told them so. Then, Lydia said, "Darling, you're doing the right thing to refuse." 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 So I accepted. These women recognize a good chairman when they see one. Now, what's your idea? Hi! Hi, Jeff. How was practice? Oh, crummy. Us Bobcats decided unanimously that we need a new tackling dummy. We Bobcats. Now, is that such a crisis? Well, sure. What would Notre Dame be without one? It's a necessity. But you've gotten along all right up till now without a tackling dummy. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 We use Fatso Coogan. But he's moving out of town, so we need a new dummy. Can you help us? Oh, sorry, I just had my hair done. And I've got a tight schedule. I mean financial help. It costs $33. Oh, now... now, wait. Jeff. We could hand you the money, but you really wouldn't want that. - I wouldn't? - No, you wouldn't. Now, my hospital committee has to raise $2,500. You don't see me running to the Bobcats with a box under my arm. Well, what are you going to do? Well, I intend to raise it with a benefit concert. Well, you have more time than we do. Jeff, you're endowed with your mother's ingenuity. Now, run along and use it. - Bye. - Bye, Jeff. Bye, Jeff. Now, what's with this benefit concert? Well, Anton Duval is in town. You saw his picture in the paper. Hey, Madame Chairman, relax. I know what you're thinking. I'll never get him to play. The way I hear it, this Duval just finished pounding a piano through 34 countries. His fingers are tired. He came to Hilldale to rest them. I know. I read Gil Tucker's interview, too. But I feel that if I could just talk to him... All right. Talk. Oh, he doesn't know me. If I ask him now and he turns me down, I'm finished. No, the way these things are worked out is that you have someone important introduce you. You know, pave the way. Judging by the gleam in your eye, you already have your paver. Loretta Heiser says that George will do it for me. A president of a bank should be important enough. - Oh, excuse me, dear. - Yeah. Mary, do you have to use the loud pedal? Oh, hello, Lydia, come in. Thank you. I just came by to see about the benefit. I thought I might help in some way. Mary, please. Hello, Mrs. Langley. - Hello. - I'm sorry. It's got a tricky beat, and I just can't hear it unless I hammer it out. Well, honey, go to Betty's house and hammer. Her folks are taking a vacation in London. Okay, bye, Mother. Bye, Mrs. Langley. And take it easy, or they'll hear it over there. - Come on, let's sit down. - Thank you. Darling, I had no idea you knew Anton Duval. Well, I don't. Really? Well, the way you bounced to your feet and said, "I'll get Anton Duval," we all thought you were related. I'm sorry. I didn't mean to give that impression. Donna, I think I should explain something to you. My only concern, of course, is the hospital. Of course. And I harbor no resentment because they accepted your suggestion instead of mine. Lydia, I understand perfectly. Good. Now, hypothetically speaking, if your plan should end disastrously... Oh, I'm sorry. "Disaster" is such a strong word. Well, we were only speaking hypothetically. Yes, weren't we? Lydia, what you're trying to say... Subtly, of course... Is that I may be responsible for depriving the children of their playroom. Oh, my dear, I'm only suggesting the possibility. After all, I only came here in the spirit of goodwill and to offer my help. Well, thank you, Lydia. I can't tell you how comforting you've been. We all know that you did this in a moment of enthusiasm, and I'm sure that none of us will hold you to account for it. Lydia, those children will get their playroom. Absolutely. We can always fall back on my play, if it isn't too late. Bye. Goodbye, Lydia. How does this benefit work? Well, we get somebody to entertain and charge admission, like a singer or a magician. What about Shorty Malone's orchestra? Well, fellas, looks like Shorty Malone's gonna get us our tackling dummy. - Cool! - Yeah, man. - Hello, Jeff. - Oh, hello, Antoinette. I am interrupting something, no? Well, if you'll excuse us, this is an official Bobcats meeting, for fellas. Now, Pete, you call Shorty, and I'll see about printing the tickets. Jeff, did you not get my note at school? Well, sure, sure. Let's talk about it later, okay? You're tied up. I'll take care of the tickets. Come on, guys. Hey, fellas, I'm not really tied up. I am so sorry, Jeff. I did not wish to embarrass you in front of the Boobcats. That's Bobcats. Look, Antoinette, I'm kind of busy. I know you'll excuse me, so so long. It's nice seeing you again. I'm so sorry. I have to come in. I told Papa to come for me here. Oh, come in. Jeff, you forget to answer my note. Will you come to my dinner party? Well, um, I don't know. I may be busy that night. What night is it? Tomorrow night. Well, who's gonna be there? There will be you and me. And who else? Well, I don't know him. In time means just you and me. Well, I don't know about this in time thing, but I'll let you know. I don't want to ruin your dinner party, so, if you can't wait... Oh, I'll wait. Yes, George, Loretta told me that Duval opened an account at the bank. Yes. So all you have to do is introduce us, and that should be very simple. It'll be impossible? Well, Loretta's going to be terribly disappointed. Well, she says your most endearing quality is that you never say no. Who? Gil Tucker? Well, yes, yes, I know he interviewed Duval. Yes, that's a wonderful idea. I'll call him right away, George. Thanks. Bye. What happened to your father? Jeff, if you come to my dinner party, I will show you some beautiful pictures I took while Papa and I were in India. Well, Rusty knows all about India. He always gets 100% in geography. Why don't you ask him? He's great at dinner parties where you discuss India. He does not have your dimples. But, Gil, I need an introduction from somebody important. Well, your being the editor of the newspaper... Look, Donna, Mr. Duval came here for duck hunting and not piano playing. Well, merely because I gave your wife the name of my dressmaker and saved her $10 a dress doesn't mean that you're obligated. Yeah. Donna, I personally can't ask him. But if all you want is to meet him, call Hudson Sporting Goods and ask for Bill Hudson. Tell him I said to call him. Who's Bill Hudson? He rents Duval his duck decoys. Well, that hardly makes them fraternity brothers, but I guess an introduction from a duck salesman is better than nothing. Thanks, Gil. Goodbye. - Hello. - Hello, Papa. Hello, Mr. Duval. I'm Jeff. Oh, so, you are the Jeff. You do have them, hmm? Come, Antoinette. I have to pick up some records before the post office closes. Papa made them. He plays the piano. Please, Antoinette, I am sure Jeff is not interested. Papa is... She means I am on the beat. Can you play rock 'n' roll? Oh, usually, I play Bach and Beethoven. Oh, Papa can play rock 'n' roll or roll 'n' rock or anything. Play for him, please, Papa. I suppose I could noodle around a bit. Well, good. Come on. Wait till you hear him. "The Roundhouse Rock"? May Ludwig and Johann forgive me. Oh, hello, Mr. Ziegler. You don't know me, but I'm Mrs. Stone. Yes, Mr. Hudson tells me that whenever Mr. Duval goes duck hunting, you give him a rubdown when he gets home. What? I beg your pardon. I can't hear you. Just a second. Please, I'm on the phone! Stop that infernal racket! Oh, that's Mother. Would you like to meet her? She's really very nice. No, no, perhaps we should wait for more friendly circumstances, hmm? Come. You will be at my home for dinner tomorrow night, no? Well... If you will take my advice, my daughter is a very determined woman. You may as well say yes now, because you will do so later. Goodbye. Mr. Ziegler, you're expecting him at 6:00? Oh, oh, Mr. Ziegler, you can do me a big favor. Now, I'm going to send my husband down to you just as soon as he gets home. Now, when he gets there, put him in the steam cabinet next to Mr. Duval and introduce them. Oh, Mr. Ziegler, it's for the hospital. But, Mr. Ziegler? Mr. Ziegler? Hello, Mother. Honey, after this, when I'm on the phone, please lay off the piano. Mother, I just got home. - But then who... - Hi, Mom. Look, I distinctly heard somebody trying to wreck our piano. That was Mr. Duval. Who? Anton Duval. Here, playing the piano? Well, sure. I asked him to play some rock 'n' roll. Oh, why did I miss him? He must have been super. Mom didn't think so. She yelled, "Stop that infernal racket!" Mom, what's the matter? If it won't endanger national security, would you mind telling me what Mr. Duval was doing in our house? Well, he came to pick up his daughter, Antoinette. But why didn't you tell me you knew Antoinette? Well, you never asked me. She just entered our school last week. Honey, would you get that, please? Well, why didn't you call me in and introduce me to Mr. Duval? Well, I was about ready to when you yelled at him. He got scared and left. I still say that a concert will make more money than a play. Yeah, I'm not giving up until he says no to me personally. That's the stuff. Hello, Donna. Oh, hello, Lydia. Donna, I ran into Anton Duval just an hour ago. My car hooked bumpers with his in front of Hudson Sporting Goods. Well, why didn't I think of that? Well, he was very gracious about it, not like American men, who scream, "Woman driver!" Well, as he was disengaging our bumpers, I started to talk to him about concerts in general. Well, you picked a beautiful time. But before I could get specific, he refused you. Oh, I'm sorry, Mom. You couldn't do anything more, Mother. Well, I really must go. If you'll take my advice, you'll forget all about Monsieur Duval. Oh, I'll just leave a copy of the play with you. I thought you might play the part of the innkeeper's wife. It's on page 48. Bye, dear. Goodbye, children. - Goodbye, Mrs. Langley. - Goodbye. A part on page 48? Look, Mom, us Bobcats were planning a concert with Shorty Malone, the one-man band. Tell you what, you can have him for your concert instead. You mean more to me than a tackling dummy. Thanks, dear. Well, I mean it. You can always get a piano player, but how often can you find some guy that can play the mouth organ, the accordion, and beat a drum at the same time? What are you trying to do, Jeff, make Mother cry? Mouth organ and drums. Oh, Mother, he's a sadist. Well, let's face it, children. This was Lydia's day. Well, it's all for charity. Page 48? Innkeeper's wife? Dr. Stone speaking. Oh, yes, Pete. Jeff is up in his room. Do you want me to call... What's that? Shorty Malone? All right, Pete, I'll tell him. Thank you. Goodbye. What was that? Well, it seems Shorty Malone is not going to be able to... Is this my son? Is this the boy who thinks a clean T-shirt is formal? Oh, no, and even a tie. Gentlemen always wear ties to dinner parties. I don't mean to probe, but what dinner party? Well, Antoinette and I are intime-ing it tonight. I thought Antoinette annoyed you, Jeff. Well, comes a time when a kid has to make a sacrifice for his mother. Pretty edgy. Honey, it's wonderful what you're trying to do, but don't be disappointed if Mr. Duval refuses to play the concert. Oh, he won't refuse me. Not the man who's angling to be my father-in-law. You just have a nice time, and don't worry about me. The play will make some money. Jeff, you used my bath salts. Smells like a lilac bush. Oh, wait till I tell the Bobcats about this. You do, and I'll tell all your boyfriends that you snore. Mother, I do not! I'll tell them anyway. Jeff, would you like me to drive you? No, thanks, Dad. I'll ride my bike. Hey, Jeff, wait a minute. Wait. Jeff, come here! What's this bulge? Wait a minute. Oh, la-di-da. Violets for mademoiselle. Well, I just thought that... Honey, you thought right. If I were a little girl, you'd just sweep me off my feet. You run along and have a good time. Okay. - Your flowers. - Thanks. Jeff, look, I've got some sort of rough news for you. Shorty Malone was called out of town on a job. But if you swing this tonight, the Bobcats will get their tackling dummy, okay? Thanks, Dad. Wish me luck. I do, my friend. - Bye. - Bye, Jeff. Jeff, you are enjoying my dinner party, no? It's super. Glad I came. Thank you. Boy, you sure make good chicken. Oh, it is not chicken. It is frogs' legs. I've been eating frog legs? I am so sorry. I thought you knew. Well, how could I, with candlelight? You are upset. Oh, no, no, I'm not upset. After all, it's not the food that makes the dinner. It's the charming company. Oh, Jeff, you have such possibilities. Boy, this ice cream is good. It is ice cream, isn't it? Jeff... maybe soon you will make me a member of the Bobcats? You see, I practice. No more do I say "Boobcats." Well, it's only for fellas. Oh, I could learn to play feetball. Antoinette, you don't know what you're asking. You just mention the word "girl" around the fellas, and they run away from you like you got the mumps. Good evening, Jeff. Oh, hello, Mr. Duval. Please sit down. I just came in for my book. This is a nice dinner party. I'm having a wonderful time. Your daughter's very nice. She's pretty for a girl. The kind you'd like to take out, like to a benefit concert. Benefit concert? Perhaps I might go myself. Oh, well, we're counting on it. The tickets are gonna be $5. Here, I will put you in charge of getting me a good seat, hmm? Oh, you'll have the best. You'll be sitting on the stage, right behind the piano. I see. You are far more adroit than the woman I met earlier today, but I had to say no to her. You know, I was thinking of taking your daughter to the school picnic. You see, Jeff, I am here for a much-needed rest. She could ride on my handlebars. I don't care who sees us. You must understand, if I accept... I might even make her a member of the Bobcats. Oh, Papa, I can be a Bobcat! I am very sorry, Jeff, but... Play it, and I'll marry her. Jeff, we are flattered by your offer, but... If you don't play it, we won't get our tackling dummy. Tackling dummy? And I figure we should make what we did in "A Doll's House," which was approximately $250. Of course, it's nowhere near the $2,500 that you were going to raise, but $250 is better than nothing. Don't you agree? I'll get it. Stay in your corner till I get back. I don't want to miss any of this. Well, come in, come in, please. Dad, I'd like you to meet some friends of mine. This is Mr. Duval and his daughter, Antoinette. - How do you do? - How do you do, Monsieur Duval? Antoinette, very nice to know you. Won't you come in, please? Darling, I'd like you to meet Monsieur Duval. This is my wife. How do you do? Charmed. And his daughter, Antoinette. How do you do, Antoinette? And this is Mrs. Langley. How do you do? We have met before and so have our bumpers. I'm Mary. I live here, too. Oh, obviously. You have the loveliness of your mother. Makes us look like amateurs, huh, Pop? Well, shall we all sit down? Monsieur Duval. Mom, Mr. Duval has something to tell you. Yes? Well, as you likely know, I am here on vacation. And, regretfully, I have had to refuse to play a benefit concert, only for the reason that, if I accepted one, I would be obligated to play others. I conveyed this to Mrs. Stone, so we're going ahead with my play. But now an emergency has arisen. The Bobcats need a tackling dummy. For something of such importance, I play. If there are others who desire me for their causes, you must make them understand I will only play one what you might say an official benefit for tackling dummies. We're gonna charge $5 a ticket. Well, did Jeff happen to mention the cost of tackling dummies? $33. And, Mrs. Stone, if there should happen to be any money left over, like $2,500, you might possibly find use for it, no? Oh, yes, yes. Wonderful. Oh, that's wonderful. Oh, they look wonderful. Chopin isn't the only thing I can scramble. If my mother had not insisted on piano lessons, I could have realized my ambition to become a famous chef. Mr. Duval sure killed them tonight, huh, Mom? Yes, he certainly did. - Monsieur Duval? - Thank you. Jeff, tell me, how did you do it? Well, I didn't do anything special. Did Jeff tell you, Mrs. Stone? He's going to take me to the school picnic, he's going to ride me on the handlebars of his bicyclette, he's going to make me a Bobcat, and he even promised to marry me. Jeff, the more I know you, the better I like you. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 