The Twelve: Season 1, Episode 2 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 The Twelve 
 s1e2 - Donald - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 The Twelve (2019–…): Season 1, Episode 2 - Donald - full transcript 
 Police officer Donald Vantomme has failed years on end in his investigation for the murder on Brechtje Vindevogel. His colleague Eliane Pascual joined the investigation much later and ... 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 The jury for the Millennium Trial has a difficult job to do. Frie Palmers is accused of two murders: {\an8}her best friend, Brechtje Vindevogel, and her daughter, Roos. They did everything they could to get me behind bars. They even dug up the old court case about Brechtje. I know you tried to cut your daughter's throat. I'm coming for you, I'll make sure you go to prison for a long time. A woman who does something like that to her own child... -They can't let her go free. -My wife means that we hope that the jury will give Frie life in prison. Frie and Stefaan had a really bad marriage. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 The divorce broke her, but Frie couldn't have killed my daughter. Brechtje and Frie were best friends in college. I think she's guilty. The trial hasn't even started. Aren't we supposed to be impartial? But I can't, I have three children. Thanks, Gabriël. I don't know what I would have done. No problem, school is around the corner. How did the jury thing go? -Good, I don't have to go back. -Seriously? Not here. Arnold Briers. Yes. Agreed. Agreed. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 It's like we're in an AA meeting or something. This is not an AA meeting. Holly Ceusters. Stop. I really need to get rid of the house. But don't put it in my old name. It's Ceusters, not Demeulemeester. Okay? DEMEULEMEESTER SURVIVES HOMEJACKING Here, brother. That's my new house. For Charlien and the little ones. You're going to buy the land for me. As the new CEO of this fantastic construction company. Are you on the jury after all? Mike, please. Open the door, come on. Honey, you know I don't want kids, don't you? -Come on. -Absolutely not. No. -Seriously? -Yes, I mean it. I don't want kids. Brechtje? -You took two pregnancy tests? -Both positive. Brechtje, you need to tell him. Why? He's made it clear that he doesn't want kids. You want to get rid of it? You know... Just party tonight. Pass your drinks to me if you need to. Come here, silly. Ten, nine, eight seven, six, five four, three, two, one... Happy New Year! We're still alive. Hi, this is Frie Palmers. {\an8}TODAY -What's he munching on? -Crickets. -He breeds them as a meat replacement. -No way. -We need him. -I know. I still don't get why you want Palmers in front of a jury of the people. Have a little faith in people. We just need to be honest to the jury and admit all of Donald's mistakes. The defense will say all cops are screw ups again. Let's go. Want a taste, ladies? No, thank you. We've already eaten. Donald, it's really important that you stick to the script. Can you do that? Of course. Okay. Come on. {\an8}Sorry. {\an8}Sorry. {\an8}I can't handle lies. {\an8}I really can't. I should have just told you. Yes. -Did you get any sleep? -No. Neither did I. What are we going to do about the kids? They're in after school club until six and then Gabriël will pick them up. No, sweetie. -And I'll pick them up from the office. -No, honey. Your boss just wants to get in your pants. Can't you see that? -Or do you like it? -Of course not. Having your boss in your pants? Come on. What if you picked them up? I'll cook dinner tonight. Sound good? Sorry. Really, I'm sorry. The world is a mess, Mr. Briers. The rabble has no respect whatsoever. If it's any consolation, you're not the only one. Mr. and Mrs. Van den Eynde, their graves have been destroyed too. Are you going to come here every day, drink coffee in my office and check up on me, or what? Which contractor is working today, Leemans or Stevens? Leemans. -He works for Leemans? -Yes. I've told him to learn Flemish, it'll be fine. -But he's registered. -He is. He has a badge? Of course, why wouldn't he have a badge? I can tell from your face that you're lying. I'm not always there when they get their badges. Come on. Leemans always does things by the book. -Show me the order form. -Hold on. Man, you can boss me around at the office but don't look over my shoulder at the site. Bjorn, listen. You're right. I am the boss. Where's the form? The boss, right. The boss who prefers to be on a jury than to come to work. Damn it, now I know why our profits are up 15 percent from last year. Man, I have a system this time. -You have a system, Bjorn? -Fille. Fille works for the labor inspectorate. He'll warn us if there's an inspection. Well done, man. -You've got it all under control, Bjorn. -Dad always did that. Please. I need those profits, you know. Charlien is still out of work, my two kids, the house-- -Do you know how much that costs? -I said you couldn't afford that house. -I'm telling you we won't get caught. -Damn it, how could you do this? That's a million euro fine hanging over our heads, Bjorn. -Recidivism is what that is. -Recidivism... Don't pretend you're not happy about the profits. Those aren't profits, man. That's fraud. I'll make this simple. When I come back tonight, all the illegal contractors will be gone or I'll call the labor inspectorate. You will call Leemans to tell him that from tomorrow we do everything by the book, understood? And if that means we only break even this year, then so be it. Today in the trial, detectives from the federal police testify why they think Frie Palmers killed her best friend, Brechtje Vindevogel, eighteen years ago. Brechtje Vindevogel's body was found in the river Leie in 2000. For a long time, police thought the killer was one of the dairy farmers in the area. The farmers had sent death threats... Marc. Marc, you haven't been answering my calls for half an hour. -Right. -Marc, we need to get to court. There's something else you should know. This was eight years ago. Do you recognize her? DEMEULEMEESTER SURVIVES HOMEJACKING The foreman of the jury, Holly Ceusters, then Holly Demeulemeester -daughter of those millionaires. -The homejacking? Yes, the daughter. She changed her name. -Is she allowed to be on the jury? -Of course she is. Is that good or bad? It depends. But I'm not worried about her. And are we going to... We're not doing anything. We'll see what happens. Marc. You know they're going to show the video of Brechtje today, right? Good morning. Coffee? I don't drink it. It's just a habit. My wife. She passed away. Give it to one of those people. We're not allowed to talk to the press. Then throw it away. You know what? Give it to that guy who's on the phone. He'll like it, I know him. -Really? -Yes. I've got you a coffee, sir. That man sent me. Ladies and gentlemen of the jury, I want to be honest with you. The police investigation into the murder of Brechtje Vindevogel took 18 years. In those 18 years, terrible mistakes were made and you might think, "How on earth is that possible?" But I will not sweep mistakes under the rug because what happened, happened. Madam Prosecutor, we're not ready for pleas yet. I just wanted to say this before we hear from our first witness. I swear to speak without hate or fear and to speak the whole truth and nothing but the truth. I swear to speak without hate or fear and to speak the whole truth and nothing but the truth. What is your name, sir? Donald Vantomme. And what role did you play in the investigation? I was the officer in charge of the Vindevogel case from 2000 until 2016. Why only until 2016? That's when the investigating judge appointed Chief Inspector Pascual as the case officer. That's when I left. Can you tell the jury how it all started for you? It was the evening of January 1, 2000, when I received a phone call to report that the daughter of animal rights activist, Marc Vindevogel, may have run away from home. Why did that call go straight to the criminal police department? Because it concerned the daughter of a well-known person but it turned out there had been an argument between father and daughter. We decided to wait 24 hours in the hope that Brechtje would turn up. Just to be clear: the investigation was on hold for 24 hours? The Missing Persons branch didn't exist yet in its current form. At that time, in 2000, that was the standard procedure. Mr. Vindevogel and his daughter had been under police protection for a while at that point, right? So how was it possible for Brechtje Vindevogel to disappear when she was being watched? The officer who was keeping watch made a serious professional error. He left his post to deal with a private matter. The next day, we received another panicked call from Marc Vindevogel. He had found his two dogs dead in the field behind his garden. What did you think when you saw the dogs? Those dogs had been killed with what we call a striking pin. It's what they use to kill animals in slaughter houses. I immediately thought about the dairy farmers. Was that your theory, or did you have any other thoughts? No, at that time we didn't have any other leads. BEAST, Mr. Vindevogel's organisation had made a video in the summer of '99 about how some slaughter houses do not treat animals with dignity. Since that video, Mr. Vindevogel had received death threats from a number of dairy farmers. BEHEAD VINDEVOGEL Hence the police protection? Yes. Right at the beginning of the file we saw the name of dairy farmer, Guy Vanneste. He was the leader in the opposition against BEAST and Marc Vindevogel. On July 15, '99, Guy Vanneste was seen with a weapon on Mr. Vindevogel's street. Then there was a break-in at Brechtje Vindevogel's dorm. The whole place was covered in cow's blood. When the threatening video of the dairy farmers turned up after a couple of days... we knew where to look. Could you tell the jury more about the threatening video? On day four after the disappearance a package arrived at the station. It was the VHS tape from Marc Vindevogel's wedding that was taped over with a threatening message. We would like to show the jury the full VHS recording. Daddy? If you're watching this... You have to listen to them, Daddy. They say they're going to hurt me. You have to listen. Stop it. {\an8}Please. Stop it. Why would Frie steal the wedding video and tape a threatening message over it? Didn't you ever miss the video? Brechtje had it. Kristien did look fantastic. Brechtje was like her mother. Lucky her. Does anyone want a piece of quiche? I made it myself. -No, thank you. -No, thanks. I really feel like pizza. I'll order pizza. -Yes. -I'd like that. Watch out. You need to-- You can't enter this enclosure. These are bad. Dangerous animals, they bite. Two naughty monkeys. You can enter this enclosure, once they get to know you a little. They're not dangerous. Here boys, come on. Tasty food. And there's Houdini. That's tasty, right Tommy? That's Tommy. He's the leader. Don't treat him too much like a human, or he'll lose his authority. Tommy is my friend. Hey, Arnold. Ah, Mireille. Here you go, come on. Yes. That Tommy... What is that? What have you got there? Come here. Come over here. I AM A MONKEY It's just a joke, Arnold. Arnold, we're going to miss you while you're on that jury. Yes, Tommy. I know. I know. Come here. You grab some more nuts. On day seven we were no longer talking about a disappearance. I received a phone call in the morning. They had found a body in the water. It was the missing girl, Brechtje Vindevogel. I had them perform an autopsy but because Brechtje was found in the water it was difficult to determine a cause of death. The bullet wound in her neck looked like the striking pin wound on Mr. Vindevogel's dogs. When we reopened the investigation in 2016 it turned out that we'd come to the wrong conclusions about the cause of death. Thanks to new lab techniques we were able to establish one. The striking pin wound was made post mortem. -Post mortem means after she died. -Yes. So you can confirm that Brechtje didn't die from a striking pin shot. Correct. How did she die? She was strangled. So someone wanted to make it look like the dairy farmers had done it. When did you set your sights on Ms. Palmers? In the spring of 2016, Mr. De Munck came to us in a panic. He claimed that Ms. Palmers had confessed to him that she killed Brechtje and that she would kill him too if he wasn't careful. But the couple was going through an ugly divorce at the time as evidenced by the divorce papers. That's why at first we didn't take his claim seriously. The case was due to be closed because the limitation period had passed. After 16 years, we had hit a dead end. Did Ms. Palmers deny the claim when she was confronted? Absolutely. She said I was an idiot to have fallen Mr. De Munck's nonsense. I never said that. I'm quoting from the notes I made at the time, Madam Chairman. Ms. Palmers said, "I don't need to be lectured by a childless bitch. She's not even a real woman." I never said that. Are there any witness statements from colleagues to confirm your statement? They're not in the file. So we cannot verify whether the Chief Inspector is telling the truth. Madam Chairman, it quickly became clear who was trying to tamper with the truth. After Brechtje disappeared, Ms. Palmers slept in Brechtje's bed, at the Vindevogel home. That's why I did a new search at the Vindevogel home and I found something. It all started with Officer Beuckelaers {\an8}who claimed that a woman's voice had lured him away from his post on January 1. The second autopsy showed that Brechtje had been strangled and that the striking pin wound was made after her death. That's why I suspected that she had died at the Vindevogel home. But why hadn't anyone found her? Above Brechtje's room there is a small attic. My colleague Vantomme never looked there. Between the boards in the attic we found dried blood that matched Brechtje's. We also found tiny wood splinters on Brechtje's body that came from the boards in this attic. That's why we suspect that Ms. Palmers had hidden Brechtje's body here. When she moved the body and when the shot wound was made using the striking pin I don't know for sure, but we came close when we found a weapon at Palmer's grandparents' home. This striking pin could have been used to make the wound on Brechtje's body. Ms. Palmers had the opportunity and she was the only suspect to have a clear motive. She was very jealous of Brechtje Vindevogel because of her relationship with Stefaan De Munck. Is that all, Carl? No. January 7, Brechtje's body was found by the lock. DEAD DOGS, THREATENING VIDEO, BRECHTJE'S BODY Where would Frie have made the shot with the striking pin? At the lock? I don't understand why that officer left on January 1. He should have stayed with Brechtje. Maybe she left on her own. Maybe it all went very differently. What do you mean by differently? I don't know. Maybe she ran away and something happened to her. Then someone did their best to pin it on the dairy farmers. Got a good view there? I can see everything perfectly. I'm a photographer. You don't get what you need at home? Why don't you come by? -Is that all, Carl? -Dirty man. HOUSE FOR SALE ONLINE NO MENTION OF DEMEULEMEESTER Ladies and gentlemen of the jury. I do not want to challenge the relatively poor material evidence of the prosecution here and now. I'll do that later during the testimonies of the experts. I do have two important comments right now. The first is for Chief Inspector Pascual. Frie Palmers was at a family party. Thirty witnesses have confirmed her presence there. Are you contradicting thirty witnesses by claiming that her alibi is wrong? You're right, Ms. Palmers was at that party but none of the witnesses saw her there between 1:00 and 4:00. She had hours to slip away from the party unnoticed. But you don't have any evidence to support that claim? Just like you can't prove that she was there. Exactly. We call that doubt, Madam. Ladies and gentlemen of the jury, may I remind you that Frie Palmers can only be convicted beyond reasonable doubt? What was your second point, Mr. Spaak? Mr. Vantomme, is it true that the investigation that you ran for 16 years was never properly challenged? True. It was mainly about following a new lead of Frie Palmers as a possible perpetrator. Do you believe that Frie Palmers murdered Brechtje Vindevogel? The opinion of Inspector Vantomme is entirely irrelevant. I would like the court clerk to note that the Prosecutor is trying to silence the witness. Madam Prosecutor, unless you have questions for the witness I must ask you to sit down. Inspector Vantomme, please answer the question. Yes, the investigation by Chief Inspector Pascual shows the lead was correct. Frie Palmers was the perpetrator. Is that what it says in your investigation file from 2000? Come on, we have plenty of evidence to bring Ms. Palmers before the court. Do you think so too, Mr. Vantomme? That new autopsy, what does it actually prove? Couldn't Brechtje have been strangled by a dairy farmer? Or by Palmers. Or by anyone. When you put it that way, anything is possible. Anything is possible. Thirty witnesses say that Frie Palmers has an alibi but anything is possible. Did you have any doubts during any of your interrogations? Do you believe beyond any reasonable doubt that Frie Palmers strangled Brechtje Vindevogel to death? -Madam Chairman, he can't do this. -I want an answer to my question. Do you believe that the dairy farmers have nothing to do with it? -I don't know. -So you're not convinced that Frie Palmers murdered her friend Brechtje Vindevogel? Not really. No further questions. Thank you. Hey, Noël. So you're still alive. I'm like a cockroach. Aren't you happy I came to say hello? Happy? I haven't heard from you for years. You stopped sending me work and now here you are. -Are you all right? -I'll have to be, right Fabrice? I'll have to be. You don't want to know how my wife is doing? Eva. It's been a while, right Fabrice? It's pretty fresh in my memory. -You're married now, right? -Yes. We have a baby on the way. -Congratulations. -Thank you. -Hope he doesn't have blue eyes. -Noël, my friend. Fabrice, what do you want from me? Eva and I have a new website, news-box.be. Whatever gives you clicks and adverts. Noël, you're on the jury, so... Fabrice, you know very well that as a juror, I can't talk to the press. You know what? Holly Demeulemeester, Google her. Not Ceusters, Demeulemeester. Guys! Your coats. -Hello. -Daddy. What do we have here? Hello, cuties. How are you, dude? Darling, how was school? -Nice. -Go put your coats and bags away. What happened here? You can put mine away too. I told you I was going to cook. Hi sweetie, how are you? -Are you hungry? -Yes. What's for dinner? Come and see. -Lasagne! -Go sit at the table. -Did you get them from school? -Yes, I just got there on time. First person to clear their plate, gets a surprise. Mom first. -Sweetie. -Yes. Tough day today? It was actually pretty fun. I knew you actually really liked it being on that jury. Mike would prefer it if you didn't pick up the kids anymore. No problem. I was just trying to help. I know. -Enjoy. -Enjoy. Jesus. Hello. Fuck. Bjorn, come here. Come with me. Joeri. What now? Damn it. -He fell down. -He must have been checking something. -Where's your cell phone? -No, we can't call anyone. -What do you mean? -No. Your cell phone. He needs to go to the hospital. -No, we'll take him to the clinic. -He needs an ambulance. -His neck could be broken. -He's still breathing. He fainted. -It will be all right. -It won't be all right. It won't be all right, Bjorn. -He's not on the books, is he? -Excuse me? Damn it. Fuck. I don't care. The man needs an ambulance, all right? He's an illegal immigrant. Little one. If they get us for this, it won't be all right. TRANSFER ORDER {\an8}BAILIFF W. BAHAEGEL Hey. GUILTY - INNOCENT HOLLY DEMEULEMEESTER ON JURY AFTER NAME CHANGE You listen carefully, friend. I'm not letting that guy die out here. -I'll drop him off at the emergency room. -Think about it. What will happen to Charlien? And the kids? Who will look after our dad if we're in prison? Did you think of that? Let's put him down here. Bjorn, you can't put him by a bus stop. It's near the clinic. I'll call them later. Let's go. Eight years ago, the millionaire couple were brutally murdered in a homejacking. Their daughter, Holly Demeulemeester is now the foreman of the jury in the Millennium Trial. That bench. What are we going to do? Joeri, what-- Excuse me, sir. Sir, excuse me. Can I use your phone, please? Someone just collapsed at the Sint-Vincentius bus stop. Maybe you should send someone over. Yes, all right. Thank you. Bye. {\an8}5 YEARS AGO Marc. I called you in because your daughter's murder case has to be closed. It's been 13 years, all of our leads have turned out to be dead ends. I haven't found any hard proof against Guy Vanneste. We can't arrest him for ordering it. You cannot be serious. We both know what that asshole did. Yes. How much do you need? Marc. You wanted to breed insects, right? The food of the future. Yes, some day. Maybe when I retire. -How much do you need to start it up? -Marc, I'll pretend I didn't hear that. I'll give you a loan. It's for a good cause. You put Vanneste in prison. Marc, money won't solve anything. -How much? -Leave it alone. How much? {\an8}Subtitle translation by Nienke Jenkins 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 