How We Got to Now: Season 1, Episode 2 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 How We Got to Now 
 s1e2 - Time - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 How We Got to Now (2014–…): Season 1, Episode 2 - Time - full transcript 
 With no natural light, submarines re-invent the workday. Frustrated with hundreds of local time zones, a railroad clerk fights to standardize time. Navigation, travel, and technology advances result from unrecognized contributions to time. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Have you ever noticed how completely dependent we are on knowing the exact time? I mean, we take time for granted now, but just 150 years ago, it was all very different. [ ♪♪♪ ] Back then, America had  hundreds of towns, each using its own different  local time. And 50 railroad companies,  each with its own time. It was a total nightmare trying to take a train  around the country. I mean, you'd have to be a math major 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 to figure out what time it is. And you could forget about  ever owning a watch unless you were  incredibly wealthy. Back in the mid-1800s, hand-crafted luxury watches were the only kind on the market. So who fixed these problems? Well, it was a railway clerk  and a cobbler's son. These are classic examples of the kind of people who actually made the modern world. People you've probably never heard of. [ ♪♪♪ ] These are hobbyists  and garage inventors. Woo! Oh, boy. Maverick characters doing  extraordinary things. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 The thing about these pioneers is that they didn't just master time, they also set in motion an amazing chain reaction of ideas... Resulting in innovations  that would go on to affect every aspect  of our lives. From how we navigate... to how we work... enabling sophisticated  technology... and time travel into the past. I want to show how the link between all these apparently  unconnected worlds starts with the heroes  of time. I'm Steven Johnson. I write about ideas and innovation. And this is the untold story of How We Got to Now. [ ♪♪♪ ] How We Got to Now  was made possible in part by the Corporation for  Public Broadcasting and by contributions  to your PBS station from... [ ♪♪♪ ] Sounding 7-5-8 ballast to meet the keel. If you want to completely mess  with your sense of time, this is the place to come: the nuclear submarine USS Asheville. Steven, third wake-up. Time to get up. Most of us, when we wake up or go to sleep, we're following the natural cues of the sun rising or setting. But on a submarine, when you're out on the ocean, underwater for months at a time, you have none of those cues available to you. So people living on a modern submarine are as far removed from the natural rhythms of time as any human beings on the planet. [ ♪♪♪ ] This submarine is about to  leave port for the next month. - Up scope! - Up scope. The only view Lt. Commander  Jason Deichler will have of the outside world  is through this periscope. That's a really clear image, but, gosh, it would be amazing to go for like 30 days and that's your only glimpse at sunlight. That's our only glimpse of topside. That's our only chance to ever see the sunlight. I feel like -- can I just fulfill a lifelong fantasy here, - if you don't mind? - Absolutely. Here we go, I'm going to do it. Dive! Dive! [ horn blares ] Oh! [ ♪♪♪ ] But the crew aren't just  deprived of the sun. They've also got six hours  taken out of their day. Because every day aboard  the USS Asheville is sped up to the cycle  of an 18-hour clock. The crew gets six hours  on watch, six hours on light duties  and recreation, six hours of sleep, and then it begins  all over again. By completely detaching  from sunlight, the crew's sense of time  can be heavily manipulated. I have a lot of questions about this; it's fascinating. But why you do it? Well, for us, we have limited amount of resources and men onboard the ship, and it's our way to get through the day and maintain the amount of sleep that you need and rest you need to stand watch. And so not only are you guys breaking from the 24-hour day, but everybody's on a different clock, right? Somebody's nighttime is somebody's daytime. Absolutely, and that shifts continuously because of the way the 18-hour clock rotates. So when a man wakes up, all he knows is, "I need to get on watch." He's not as concerned if it's light or dark outside, because we don't get the chance to see the light or dark as much as the people on the surface do. Those strange surface dwellers. Yes, the surface dwellers. We just disrupt everything that has to do with the clock. And we kind of become masters of our own time underway. [ gulls cawing ] Most of us would have a hard time living on the 18-hour day so far removed from the sun. But the truth is, almost all of us today are living on artificial clocks of one form or another. How did we get so far out of sync with the natural rhythms of the sun? That's a story that takes us back more than five centuries. [ ♪♪♪ ] [ bell tolling ] For millennia, we'd rise  with the sun and go to bed at dusk. The very notion of timekeeping  was all pretty relaxed. I mean, you wouldn't want  to set your watch by this typical 14th-century  mechanical clock in Tuscany, which could lose or gain  up to 30 minutes a day. Back then, timekeeping was a comically imprecise pursuit. I mean, a clock like this one would be corrected with occasional readings of a sundial or sometimes just looking up at the sky and making a ballpark guess. Which meant that every clock in every town was telling a different and irregular time. But the thing is, no one really cared back then because 500 years ago, the whole idea of split-second accuracy in timing would've been as useful as a satellite dish. [ ♪♪♪ ] [ crows ] Back then, meeting times  were set by the movement of the sun, and time was measured  by the daily tasks required to work the land. For example, if I wanted to  arrange a meeting with someone in 15 minutes' time,  I might say something like, "I'll see you in the milking  of a cow." This was all rather vague,  and as a result, daily schedules  were completely unregulated. [ ♪♪♪ ] But our relationship to time  was about to change, thanks to this guy,  Galileo. A born rebel, he became  a legend for proving that the sun,  not the Earth, was at the center of our  solar system. But in 1583, he was just  an unknown student who would discover something  that would forever change the way we traveled, traded,  and worked. You ready? Hold it up. Use all your strength! Perfect. - Thank you! - Sure, sure. Thank you so much! Of course, we had a bunch of professionally trained cameramen around, but they asked me to do it. Most people come to Pisa  for its leaning tower. Yeah? Oh, my God! It's really heavy. But the origins of modern time  as we know it can be found close by in the city's magnificent  cathedral. It's here that Galileo  has an insight that will revolutionize  how we measure time. The story goes that it's 1583, Galileo is 19 years old, and he attends prayers here every day. But one visit, he gets distracted by something that most of us wouldn't even notice: a swinging altar lamp. [ ♪♪♪ ] Highly musical and sensitive  to tempo, he studies  the rhythmic movement. Galileo then uses his pulse  as a metronome to time the swing  of the altar lamp, and he notices something  unusual. No matter how far or how short  the lamp swings, it takes an equal amount of  time to swing back and forth. This is what I love about Galileo. I mean, he's a teenager, and all the other kids are dutifully reciting the Lord's Prayer, and he's nerding out on the physics of the pendulum. [ ♪♪♪ ] This is what's so critical  to Galileo's contribution in changing time,  his rebellious nature. Back then, a good scholar was supposed to simply quote  existing scientific knowledge, not investigate it. But Galileo's more keyed in  to the thrill of discovery than convention, and he sets up  an experiment which confirms  his observations. Galileo writes to a friend, "The marvelous property of the pendulum is that it makes all its vibrations, large or small, in equal times." And it's that discovery, the idea of equal time, that will become one of the foundations of modern life. This gives Galileo the seed  of an idea, a hunch that a pendulum's  an important tool for measurement. So what happens next? Well, nothing. [ ♪♪♪ ] That's partly because  Galileo is busy becoming a genius in physics  and mathematics and astronomy, alienating his academic  colleagues, and struggling with money. But this seed won't actually  bear fruit for almost 60 years,  because right now no one actually needs  an accurate clock. And this is the interesting  thing about great ideas: just like plants,  they often need the right set of conditions  to flourish. So this insight is just parked  in a corner of Galileo's brain. That is, until a new set  of conditions come along which, luckily for Galileo,  are backed up by a whole heap of cash. [ ♪♪♪ ] In 1598, King Philip III  of Spain grabs the attention of every scientist in Europe by offering a life pension  in ducats to anyone who can solve the greatest scientific  challenge of the age: a way to measure longitude. Woo! Oh, boy. Ships in Galileo's day  were sailing blind over vast new distances and frequently meeting  with disaster. [ thunder rumbles ] For the New World  to be conquered, something had to be done. JOHNSON: All right, so what happens if I try and actually take the wheel? Yeah, I'm happy to give you the wheel. I have no training whatsoever. - No problem. - Nothing can go wrong. [ man chuckles ] - Carry on. - Thank you. So I'm piloting or skippering or something -- I don't even know what I'm doing with this sailboat, but I've been given the instructions here to follow 060 on the compass, which I'm kind of managing to do, although it's pretty hard. But the bigger problem is I have no idea where I am. So what does any of this  have to do with time? It was maritime navigation that would drive the advancement in our measurement of time. On land, there's no need for clocks that are accurate to the second. But at sea, in this Age of Discovery, sailors are starting to realize that accurate measurement of time is crucial to navigation. Which means that the need for accurate clocks won't come from the calendar, it will come from the map. [ ♪♪♪ ] Navigators can figure out  their latitude -- how far north or south  they are -- by reading the sun. But to figure out longitude -- how far east or west  they're going -- they need two things:  the local time on the ship and the exact time  where they left port. Using the difference between  these two times, they can calculate their  exact position. But with no accurate clock  onboard, they soon end up  completely lost. [ gull caws ] I have to get us back on course here. [ chuckles ] [ ♪♪♪ ] So this challenge, accompanied  by a fat reward, is looking good to Galileo, who's now a father of three  illegitimate children. The memory of the pendulum  is yet to surface, because by now, Galileo's  completely obsessed by astronomy and the new  invention of the telescope. In 1610, he discovers that Jupiter has its own  orbiting moons which eclipse in a regular  and predictable way. He proposes that sailors  use these movements as a celestial timekeeper  in the sky. Theoretically, it's a brilliant idea, but in practice, bobbing around in the middle of the ocean, it's almost impossible to make precise astronomical readings. I mean, I'm having a hard enough time just seeing that seagull over there, much less figuring out what's happening on the moons of Jupiter. Okay, so that doesn't work. But it's this dead end  which finally brings Galileo back to his original insight into the equal time  of the pendulum. Staring at the heavens  reminds him of gazing up inside  the cathedral, those swinging altar lamps, the pendulum experiment  of equal time, the desperate need  for an accurate timekeeper, and, bingo, Galileo  finally realizes that a pendulum could be used  to regulate clocks. So this is what  he comes up with, a design for a perfect  swinging pendulum. Its beats are equal,  and it can be used to control the hands  of the clock. It's a revolutionary idea, but Galileo is now  near the end of his life and doesn't get the chance  to test it at sea. This is a classic case of someone failing to solve a problem, but in failing, they hit upon an even more important idea. Galileo never wins any of the longitude prizes, but he does design one of the most important inventions of the age, the pendulum clock. [ ♪♪♪ ] This idea that's taken  decades to come into focus is now going to have  massive repercussions for the modern world. Within 15 years, Dutch  astronomer Christiaan Huygens produces the first true  pendulum clock. This technology is now  100 times more precise than previous clocks,  with the loss or gain cut down to just one minute a week. More accurate clocks  also mean better health care. Now able to record  the passing of seconds, doctors start using clocks  for the first time to measure our pulses. The craft of building  accurate clocks has another payoff. Some 100 years later,  Englishman John Harrison finally solves  the longitude problem by inventing the marine  chronometer thanks to ever-evolving  clockmaking expertise. With better command  of the seas, maritime trade and exploration  now flourish. In 1831, a ship sails  to the Galapagos Islands to fix the longitudes  of foreign lands with the help  of 22 chronometers. Onboard is the young  Charles Darwin, whose findings there  form the basis of the theory of evolution. All this evolved thanks  to the pendulum clock, first imagined by Galileo, which will continue to be  our best way of measuring time until the early 20th century. The pendulum clock sets a new standard in the accurate measurement of time. But back then, unless you were a sailor, you didn't really have that much need for minute-by-minute accuracy in your clocks. I mean, most people were living pastoral lives. They didn't have office buildings with meetings or trains and ferries to catch and appointments all through the day. But then, in the middle of the 18th century, something very interesting begins to happen. [ ♪♪♪ ] By the 1760s,  British clockmaking is among the mt technically  advanced trades in the world. Craftsmen have devised tools to make tiny precision-made  parts of gears and screws. And this expertise is upscaled to make much bigger,  more sophisticated machines like steam engines  and mechanical looms. All of which kick-starts what is perhaps the biggest  social upheaval ever, the Industrial Revolution. Suddenly, our experience  of time changes forever. People leave the fields  to work in new factories. They're no longer working  by sunlight or paid by the task. Workers must clock in  for the first time en masse for 14-hour shifts. They rebel by showing up  late for work. Factories hire wakers  to rouse them from their sleep on dark mornings. [ knock on door ] The disruption to  our body clocks gives birth to a major  new trade in the drugs of tea and coffee  to help us stay awake. We're now working  on artificial time, breaking away from a life  that followed the sun. Time, in the early 1800s, is still in the hands of those who can afford it, giving even more power to the powerful, to nation builders and mill owners and aristocrats. And watches were exclusive status symbols for the privileged few. Common people had no hope of ever owning a watch, which made it so much harder for them to gain control over their own time. [ ♪♪♪ ] [♪ ♪ ♪] The story of how we all  got to wear watches would have far-reaching and  unexpected consequences, and change everything  from our moral values to the way we wage war. So what are we looking at here? So this is a very rare piece called a minute repeater. I've come to meet  Lawrence Petinelli at the traditional watchmaker  Patek Philippe to shop for a watch  19th-century style. Not to be too indelicate about this, but what does one of these go for? Well, this particular piece in rose gold is $739,000 Swiss francs. Okay, in dollars? In dollars, approximately $750,000 at the current exchange rate. $750,000, that's worth more than my arm. Just as in a 19th-centy  workshop, these watches are handmade  with exquisite precision, and they're still  status symbols today. Look at all these tiny little intricate pieces you can see down there. It's almost like a little city. Some of these components  are as small as the breadth of a human hai. So they're actually screwing these things in by hand? They're screwing them in by hand. It doesn't seem phys-- I mean, it feels like you would have to train fleas to actually put those screws in. That's extraordinary. We're used to it now in the electronics age that our world is populated by all these objects that have this meticulous, tiny little mechanical universe to them that you can only see through a microscope, but in the middle of the 19th century, a watch like this would've been really the only object in our lives that would have that level of precision engineering to it. It would've been a real object of wonder. I've also carved my initials into this one. No one will ever know. Today you don't have to spend a fortune to buy a watch. You can pick one up on the street for a couple of bucks. But back in the mid-1800s, handcrafted luxury watches were the only kind on the market. [ ♪♪♪ ] The next leap forward in time  and who could own it would come to us  thanks to this guy, Aaron Dennison, a man  so obsessed with his vision that he defied public opinion,  earning himself a local reputation as a madma. But Dennison's no killer,  nor is he insane. He's an ideas man. [ woman screams ] In 1826, the 14-year-old  Dennison was working in his father's cobbler shop. And he sees his dad painstakingly custom-making leather soles for each individual. And so one day he says to his father, "Why don't we make a batch of leather soles all at once for popular sizes?" And this ends up saving his father a lot of time, but the usefulness of Dennison's idea won't end there. [ ♪♪♪ ] Dennison can't help but hatch  new business ideas. Age 27, he's got his own  watch shop. He gets firsthand insight into this laborious  boutique industry where many different people  hand-produce many different parts  to make a single watch. People are convinced  this is the only way to do it. In 1840, he causes a storm of controversy by predicting that in 10 years' time, watches will be made by machinery. The public pours scorn on the idea. One magazine goes so far as to call him "the lunatic of Boston." [ ♪♪♪ ] But as with Galileo,  Dennison can't drive progress by simply accepting  conventional wisdom. In the face of ridicule,  he sticks to his vision. Visiting a nearby armory  in Springfield, Massachusetts, Dennison sees that  the weapons industry is making guns faster  and cheaper by producing interchangeable  parts -- that is, identical parts made  in batches by machines. Now a hunch from his father's shoe shop and the experience of clockmakers and his observations of the rifle industry all start to morph together into the beginnings of a commercial plan. Dennison is going to make machines that can produce interchangeable parts so that he can mass-produce watches all under one roof. Dennison's  revolutionary idea is to help millions of people  afford something they could only dream of. After finding investors, Dennison builds this huge factory in Waltham, Massachusetts. It's a tremendous operation. It's filled with nearly 100 employees operating complex machinery. It's the first production line for manufacturing watches. Mass-producing the relatively  large parts for guns is one thing, but it's  completely new territory to mass-produce components the size of a flea for watches. New machines need to be  invented to pull it off, and this doesn't come cheap. Despite glimmers of hope,  Dennison and his team are constantly going back  to the drawing board. But Dennison's like a dog with a bone. He's so obsessed with this idea that he runs out of money, has to sell his factory and suffer the indignity of returning as an employee. But ironically, Dennison's about to be rescued from his personal crisis by a crisis unfolding on the national level. [ ♪♪♪ ] The outbreak of the Civil War  brings Dennison a new business idea. Despite being ordered  by his new boss not to pursue any new projects,  what does this crazy guy do? He waits until the boss  is away on a honeymoon and orders work  on another watch, a cheap model  with a patriotic name that could be marketed  to a captive audience with time on their hands. And this is what they produce, a simple, inexpensive watch targeted at soldiers and named after one of the signers of the Declaration of Independence, William Ellery. It's a steal at $13, and a fraction of previous  watch prices. The so-called "soldier's watc" accounts for 45%  of Dennison's sales. The Ellery watch is a breakout hit. Over 160,000 of them are sold, an unprecedented amount. Even Abraham Lincoln has one. Dennison has democratized time. In just two decades, watches become 10 times cheaper, making them affordable to a mass market. The watch becomes the first must-have high-tech gadget. [ ♪♪♪ ] Thanks to a crazy idea,  a transformation in how we experience time  now takes place. With more and more people  carrying watches, we start to synchronize  our actions. Before wide access  to timekeepers, battles were started by the  unreliable boom of a cannon. The Civil War Battle  of Vicksburg in 1863 is the first ever initiated by the synchronization of watches. This forever changes  the way we fight. Watch ownership spurs  an obsession with punctuality. It becomes a social virtue  to keep good time, and people buy watches  for their children to enhance their chances  in life. Cookbooks evolve from  never using time references to now offering recipes  with timed instructions. Team sports start to form  national leagues, which run on much stricter  schedules, allowing masses of people  to attend at a fixed hour. [ cheering and referee whistles ] Time gives us the power to organize and improve the effiency of our lives, but there's a deep irony here, because the more we start to own our own time, the more time starts to own us. We can finely tune our schedules, but we're constantly worrying about them and getting anxious about being late. So not only do watches liberate us, but they also start to enslave us. But 130 years ago,  there were other consequences of us all owning watches. As more and more people in the 19th century can own a watch and synchronize their activities, it slowly dawns on society that it's not just groups of people but whole nations that need to get on the same clock. [ engine roars ] Spirit 856, contact London on 118.825. Hold short 2-7 left, contact tower channel 11. This is Heathrow Airport, which transports more  international passengers than any other airport  in the world. Turn right at taxiway alpha, holding point at saturn. The people in the air traffic  control center coordinate over 1,300 flights  a day with planes landing and taking  off every 45 seconds. [ engines roaring ] It's a miracle of scheduling, and now I'm going to have  a go at it. Not for real,  but in their simulator with trainer David Marshall. Just like in the real tower, the most important piece  of equipment in the whole room is the simple, everyday clock. Every second counts as a departure controller. If you can save two seconds per airplane per hour, it would mean an extra two or three departures an hour. That can be as many as 1,000 people. So I probably shouldn't check Facebook while I'm in the middle of this on the screen here. I should just really stay focused on the job. Okay. All right. He's already on the roll, he's already moving around the corner, so we can say -- and you're going to say it, Steven -- "Turkey Five Hotel Mike, line up 091." [ exhales sharply and laughs ] Okay, so I'm not a natural. He's going out to the east. We've got this guy who's got to turn to the west. - There's our first lander. - I'm already really confused. If we look out -- Yeah, I can see them moving. That's pretty cool. Every single landing  and takeoff is recorded to the second. When he gets airborne, as soon as his nose wheel comes up, you hit that button there. Planes are converging  at Heathrow from 180 different  destinations. So it's pretty important  that they're all using one standard time. Every air traffic clock is in Greenwich Mean Time. Every air traffic clock in the world? All over the world, we're all working on the same time. Okay, we've now wasted 20 seconds. He could've been airborne 20 seconds ago. Sorry! So how did we get to a global  system of standardized time? [ engine chugging and steam hissing ] [ bell ringing ] Well, it was all thanks to  an egomaniacal railroad clerk 150 years ago, a man who went head-to-head  with public opinion to help launch a new dawn for telecommunications  and broadcasting. [ bell ringing ] In the middle of the 19th century, the railroad is transforming America. In just a few decades, over 100,000 miles of track are built, connecting the continent for the first time. It's an heroic chapter in American history, but it creates an unexpected problem. [ ♪♪♪ ] Here's the issue. The railroads are connecting all of these towns that have historically maintained their own individual time set by a local reading of the sun. In the 1880s, there were  hundreds of towns, each using its own  local time, each differing not by the hour,  but by the minute. There were 23 different times  in Indiana, 27 in Michigan,  and 38 across Wisconsin. What makes it even worse is that in addition to each town having its own time, each railroad had its own time. And there were 50 different railroads. [ steam whistle blowing ] So back then, taking a journey  by rail was something of an adventure  which could leave you more than a little confused. So you know what it's like taking a train ride today. You can kick back, read a book, listen to some music. But imagine what it would've been like in 1870, trying to take a train. Let's say we're traveling from New Haven to New York. And so I get on the train at 12:00 New Haven time, and it takes us two hours to get to New York. So we should be arriving in New York at 2:00, but in fact, in New York time, that's technically 1:55. But the train we're on is actually running on Boston time, so that ans we're actually pulling into the station in New York on Boston time at 2:17, but then we're like making a connection to a train to Baltimore that's running on Baltimore time, so that train is actually leaving the station at 2:07, which seems to be in the past. I mean, you have to be a math major to figure out what time it is! [ ticking grows louder and louder ] If you think that was confusing for the individual passenger, imagine what it was like for this guy, William Allen, who was secretary of the General Time Convention, which meant that he was in charge of reconciling the rail timetables for the entire U.S. system. [ ♪♪♪ ] Most people would run away from  this mathematical nightmare, but Allen seems mysteriously  drawn to it. Professor Alexis McCrossen can  shed some light the matter. What really motivates Allen to get involved in the reinvention of time, basically? First and foremost, he's opportunistic. He is an egomaniac. And this is his opportunity to make a name for himself. Allen realizes that his path to greatness is in managing the schedules of all of these railroads that are proliferating like mushrooms after a rainstorm. I like that idea of the path to greatness being publishing railroad timetables. That's -- "I'll be famous beyond imagination!" "Timetables, that's it!" But it's 1881, and Allen seizes the moment. And what he does is he introduces the idea of time zones. So not just of standardizing the time, not just of creating one railroad time that all the railroads would follow, but of dividing the standard time in the United States into four zones. So this is the original map that Allen actually drew. I mean, this is kind of the blueprint for the time zone system, right? I mean, he actually hand-colored these different divisions? Yep. Yep. He figured out where to divide the time zones, and he divided them at the basis of where different railroad lines ended, where they're terminated. And so he didn't exactly follow state lines, but he followed the geography of the railroad. [ ♪♪♪ ] Allen has a major fight  on his hands, because the proposal  of standard time is a deeply controversial ide, and many Americans  are afraid of it. [ alarm ringing ] Allen starts an enormous  lobbying campaign, writing nearly 600 letters  and countless circulars to mayors and city councils to try to cajole and arm-twist  them into signing up. But there's fierce opposition  to the prospect of change. A paper in Cincinnati writes,  "It's simply preposterous! Let the people of Cincinnati  stick to the truth as it is written by  the sun, moon, and stars." And these are all the original circulars that he sent out. Look how many of them there are! - Oh, hundreds. - It's amazing. "Are you in favor of the hour system of time standards as illustrated by the accompanying map?" And you've got this great kind of 19th-century "Yes!" But some people -- this guy, he answers, "I think not." That's right. And check this out, then he writes on the back why. He says, "Dear sir, the reason why I say no to the questions on the other side of the sheet is because it would be an entire revolution in our time." I mean, that's it. It's a revolution in our time. That's what he's trying to put in motion. [ ♪♪♪ ] After an epic seven-month  battle to wrestle America's  chaos of times into a simple system,  Allen finally triumphs. All of which leads to one of the strangest days in the history of time, November 18, 1883, the day of two noons. [ bell tolling ] The first noon rings out  at St. Paul's in the New York local time. And then, four minutes later, there's another noon, the first ever 12:00 p.m. Eastern Standard Time, announced by the bells of Trinity Church. [ bells ring in descending scale ] [ ♪♪♪ ] As the bells ring out,  the new standard time is sent down the telegraph  lines for all the railroad stations  to set their clocks to. America goes from hundreds  of times to just four. And rail travel becomes  a hell of a lot easier. Just a few weeks after his time system is implemented, Allen writes in a letter, "The adoption of the standard time system is an event which is likely to be noted in the history of the world for all time." I mean, okay, it may sound like he was a little full of himself, but actually, he might've had a point. Because if you think about it, it's not just railroads. Any time you take a flight somewhere or schedule a phone call with somebody living in another city, you're living inside of standardized time. Thanks to Allen's  dogged crusade, America becomes a modern  nation by embracing one single system of time. [ ♪♪♪ ] The very next year,  Greenwich Mean Time is set up as the  international meridian, and the whole world is divided  up into time zones. With this new web of time  wrapped around the world, we are now more closely  connected to foreign countries through improved trade, travel,  and communications. We also become clor  to our fellow citizens through broadcasting. Now, for the first time ever,  millions of us could sit down to a show  at exactly the same moment. ANNOUNCER: Tonight, in the deciding game of the Eastern League baseball pennant race... The story of time in the 20th century is all about clocks shaving the second down to smaller and smaller increments. And some of these tiny clocks are inside our laptops and our cell phones. It turns out you can't make a computer without a super accurate clock. And all of these devices together combine to speed up our lives in a thousand different ways. And that's the funny thing about modern clocks. The better we get at measuring time, the less we seem to have of it. But the most important change in our measurement of time would come from a scientific breakthrough that had both catastrophic and transformative consequences for the entire world. [ loud explosion ] [ ♪♪♪ ] Atomic physics brings us  man's most destructive weapon. But it also provides us  with a platform, an environment that encourages  people to think big, bringing revolutionary ideas  to energy and medicine. This pioneering work in physis will transform our relationship  to time, revealing secrets about  our ancient past and also helping us predict  our future. In October of 1967, a group of scientists gathered in Paris and changed the very definition of time itself. They decided that the astronomical time that humans had used for all of history simply wasn't accurate enough anymore. And they decided to trade the largest object in the solar system for one of the smallest, and we entered the age of atomic time. [ ♪♪♪ ] You could say that time  as we know it is largely thanks  to this place, the U.S. Naval Observatory  in Washington, D.C. This building has a name  that sounds like something out of a George Orwell novel:  the Directorate of Te. These are some of the most accurate clocks that human beings have ever designed? Yes. You might think that the clocs  we use are still ultimately st by the rotation of the Earth,  but in fact, today we measure time by  tracking the behavior of atoms using atomic clocks  like these. The man in charge here is time lord  Dr. Demetrius Matsakis. He's got some insane  statistics. How do we define a second now? A second is defined as 9,192,671,770 periods of oscillation of an undisturbed cesium atom. [ laughs ] That's... I hope all the schoolkids have memorized that. [ ♪♪♪ ] Just like a pendulum,  atoms can be used to measure equal intervals  of time by reading the regular pulses  of energy they emit. These are the most accurate measurement system ever made operationally by mankind. In terms of measuring anything. In measuring anything. A good cesium clock on a bad day will differ by about 5 nanoseconds in its time from what we thought it would be. So a nanosecond is one...? - A billionth of a second. - One billionth of a second. The thing is, when the first  atomic clocks were built in the 1950s, their formidable power  to break down the second confirmed something  extraordinary: the Earth's rotation  is slowing down. Back when T. Rex roamed  the world, a day was only 23 hours long. And ever since, the solar day has been slowly ineasing  in length. Not only that, atomic time  also showed us that the Earth's rotation  is not always consistent. To compensate, a leap second  was added to the clock. But this intervention into tie has been a little  controversial. The leap second argument is that some people think we don't need this extra second. That's right. They think that adding -- including that second is too disruptive. There are many stories about web pages going down, airlines having to shut down because their computers went offline when they detected a one-second jump and didn't know it was coming. That shows you how dependent the world has become on this level of accuracy in timekeeping. You tell a computer, "Oh, there's an extra second in this day," and an entire airline system goes down. Yes, that could happen. You probably won't have  noticed, but since 1972, 25 leap seconds have been  added to our lives. Once these clocks have ordained  what time it is, an intelligent average,  the Universal Standard Time, is then distributed  by this monster clock. This is where U.S. standard time is broadcast out to the entire country. Every time you check your phone to see what time it is, you're ultimately getting that information from this clock in this room. I mean, it's actually kind of bizarre that I'm standing right next to it. I feel like I could kind of fiddle with some of these buttons and, like, the entire country would be late for work. Atomic clocks are now  so accurate that we can measure time  with a drift of just a single second  every -- wait for it -- 5 billion years. And increasingly, these clocks are important not just for finding out what time it is, but for finding out where we are. That's because every time  you look at your smartphone to assess your location, you're calling on ultra precise  atomic time. So let's say I'm in a big city, and I want to find out where the nearest coffee shop is. I take out my phone, and up above me there are 24 GPS satellites, and they're effectively giant clocks in orbit, only they're accurate to a billionth of a second. My phone gets a signal from four of them that's basically just sending a time stamp, only there's a slight difference between each of the signals. Using those differences in time, my phone can calculate its exact distance from each of the satellites, enabling it to fix its location with pinpoint accuracy. But GPS satellites do way more than just get us from A to B. For starters, their clocks coordinate the system used by cash machines and other financial transactions. GPS gives us cheaper food thanks to robotic farming. Not to mention all the GPS apps that help us peer around the corner to hail a taxi or figure out when the next bus is coming or even to find the nearest coffee shop. It's incredible to think about it, but all this GPS technology is ultimately dependent on electrons dancing around an atom. But atomic physics would usher in another revolution in our measurement of time. This one wouldn't tell us where we need to go, buinstead where we've come from. [ ♪♪♪ ] This is about as far from the modern world of time as you can get. I'm in California's Anza-Barrego Desert, and looking out here, I can't see any sign of civilization. And the whole contemporary rhythm of split seconds is just almost impossible to imagine. Here, you're living on geologic time. [ ♪♪♪ ] This is where,  millions of years ago, the notorious San Andreas Fault  was created in southern California. It's a barren and beautiful landscape, but before this, it was a lush savannah with rivers and lakes populated by exotic animals -- saber-toothed cats and mammoths. And before that, it was a vast ocean teeming with aquatic life. So how do we know this story? Well, in part because we invented a very different kind of clock. For centuries, we had no idea exactly when the first humans  spread across the globe or exactly how to date  the rich source of fossils scattered all over  the desert floor. [ ♪♪♪ ] That is, until this brilliant  woman came along, Marie Curie. In the 1890s, she made history  by studying the new field of radioactivity. She and her husband, Pierre,  showed the world that radioactive atoms  decay at constant rates. Carbon 14, for example,  decays by 50% every 5,730 years. Other elements have wildly  different rates of decay, but each one is regular  and predictable. Once again, science had  delivered the crucial concept of equal intervals of time, and the idea dawned that rocks  could be clocks. Clocks that don't tick  by the second, but on the scale of centuries  or millennia and deep into the past. So there was -- basically, above a certain point here, there was an ocean. Yes, about 6.25 million years ago. Paleontologist Lyndon Murray  uses radiometric dating to read the landscape. It has an error margin  of just 2-5%. I guess there's a basic question of why do we do this? The geology and dating of what happened here can help in determining a record of past climate of 8 million years, actually. So we can see a sequence of events that happens and how and perhaps why the climate changes. So in a way, all these technologies that let us look back into the past with such precision are actually also enabling us to predict the future. Yeah. Yeah. I've always thought that. [ ♪♪♪ ] Radiometric clocks have given us this amazing time machine. I mean, they've helped us pinpoint exactly when humans first crossed the Siberian land bridge into the Americas. But they've also helped us predict the future. And in doing that, they may help us tackle one of the 21st century's most important problems, how to solve climate change. So in a way, clocks aren't just about measuring time. They can also help us understand where we came from and where we're headed. In the 400 years that have passed since Galileo first started tinkering with the equal time of the pendulum, clocks have transformed just about every facet of modern life. And there are those who say that our modern, accelerated, sped-up world is too frenetic, and they long for the slower pace of a pastoral life when our clocks were set by the rising and the setting of the sun. But the thing about the modern clock is that it's never just been about time. In a very real sense, our ability to measure time in increasingly small increments has made the world a smaller and more connected place. As to what the clocks of the future will bring us, for that, only time will tell. In the next episode,  I'm exploring how glass is instrumental in science's  greatest revolutions. From a physics teacher  who fires crossbows... The strange physical properties of glass would open up a whole new world of possibilities. to the man on the moon, glass has changed the way  we view and share our world today. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 