How We Got to Now: Season 1, Episode 4 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 How We Got to Now 
 s1e4 - Light - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 How We Got to Now (2014–…): Season 1, Episode 4 - Light - full transcript 
 The pioneers of light; Edison's light bulb; a French scientist accidentally discovers a neon light. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
  My exploration into  the chance encounters and unexpected discoveries that would bring light  to the world begins in the bath. We live in such a bright and artificially lit world, for many of us there's a desire to return back to a low-light environment. And that's why, when we want to relax, we surround ourselves now with an ancient technology: the humble candle. Candles provide the simplest  form of artificial light, 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 and we've been making them  for thousands of years. Despite their ancient origins,  today they lie at the heart of a multibillion-dollar  industry. But that wasn't always  the case. Today's sweet-smelling aromatherapy candles are symbols of luxury, but just a few centuries ago, candles would have had the opposite effect. Ordinary people made their own candles in an arduous process that involved rendering rancid animal fat, and when they finally lit them up indoors, they filled their rooms with smoke and noxious fumes. But all this was going  to change. To create a light that was  both clean and bright 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 would take a chance encounter in the most unlikely of places. [ ♪♪♪ ] Back in 1659, here  on the island of Nantucket, off the coast of Massachusett, a group of English settlers set  up a small farming community. But it was out at sea  they would make their name in the story of light. - Morning. - Good morning, how are you? - I'm good. - Welcome aboard. Thank you very much. The farmers would soon discovr a new source  of artificial light. It may sound completely  bonkers, but it lay within  the body of a whale. What's the likelihood that we're going to see something? You never know. It's a big ocean out there, and depending on how well, you know -- it's always good to have a lot of eyes concentrating on the horizon, looking for spouts. Whales were very common  in this area, coming here to feed  in the nutrient-rich waters. Today they're  a much rarer sight. So whale watchers  are a superstitious bunch. There's a ritual here that the whale spotters like to use to encourage the whales to come out, which is they throw a blue M&M; into the sea to elicit the appearance of the mighty beast. So I'm going to do this. This is actually an historic tradition. I believe there's a scene in  Moby-Dick where they do this. All right, here we go. All right, show yourselves! [ ♪♪♪ ] Okay, there we have a spout. Oh, yeah, I see it! Look at that, look at that! There it is! Big puffy plume off the surface of the water. - Oh, I see the spout again. - Yep, very good. - Now you've got the hang of it. - I could have been a whaler! - They have massive lungs. - Yeah, look at that. That vapor erupts from their lungs. Can you tell what kind of whale it is? Yep, in this case we can tell it's a humpback whale. Really? This individual is more than likely feeding. Here it is diving. Watch the tail floats go up... and down underwater. That is spectacular. [ ♪♪♪ ] Before long the settlers  start hunting whales like this humpback, creating one of America's  first global industries. The prize was the whale's  blubber, which could be used  in everything from soap and cosmetics  to lubricants and medicines. But it took a crazy encounter  by a legendary Nantucketer to bring a brand-new type  of light to the world. On one fateful day in 1712, the story goes that a powerful nor'easter blew Captain Hussey well out into the deep waters of the Atlantic, out in this direction, where he encountered a species of whale that had never been seen before, a giant leviathan of the deep: the sperm whale. [ ♪♪♪ ] Sperm whales are the largest  of the toothed whales, growing to over 65 feet long, and they can be fierce  and dangerous animals. Legend has it that Hussey  would soon discover these whales contained  a unique type of oil not found in other species. And it was this oil that would  go on to play a key role in the story of light. But first he had to risk  life and limb to catch one. When a whale was spotted, they would lower the whale boats, they would get in and they would start rowing, six men in this boat. When they get very close to the whale, then the harpooner takes up his harpoon, which looks like this. They want to get really close to the whale. You can't throw it too far. Okay, so, I mean, you're just like 10 feet from this giant beast? - Or maybe even closer. - Wow. And then you just take up that harpoon and you try to actually spear it, yes. You're just hooking it. Right, right, right. So now the whale takes off swimming because he's been struck by this harpoon. And the line, which is in this tub, is now paying out very fast, and you are racing across the ocean on the Nantucket sleigh ride. That would have been some rid. At the peak of the whaling  industry, over 5,000 sperm whales  were slaughtered each year. Once they'd caught  and killed one, the carcass was processed  out at sea. It was here the whalers  uncovered something truly bizarre that changed  the course of history. When they hacked their way into this creature's massive head, they found something they had never seen before: a vast reservoir of an oily substance, over hundreds of gallons of it. They called it spermaceti because of its resemblance to seminal fluid. Before long, spermaceti oil would become one of the most valuable substances on the planet. [ ♪♪♪ ] Extracting the spermaceti oil is a revolting and laborious  business. They made a hole on the top of the head, and then they lower the youngest, smallest person onboard, who's probably a 14-year-old cabin boy, into the head of the whale. They put a kid inside the whale's head. Right. He comes out with a bucket more of oil. This whale's been dead for days probably, right? Probably, yeah. It must have smelled appalling. It did. It didn't take long  for some bright spark to see if the spermaceti oil  would burn, and this triggers a revolution  in artificial light. Spermaceti oil burns with an unusually white, bright light, without odor or smoke. It's actually twice as bright as a traditional candle. It's a simple design, really. Just a wick suspended in a reservoir of oil. But spermaceti lamps and candles quickly became the most prized form of artificial light in Europe and in America. The demand for spermaceti oil  goes through the roof, pouring millions of dollars  into the American economy. Eager to protect their profits,  the Nantucket tradesmen come up with a brand-new  business idea, and it's a practice still used  throughout the world today. By the late 1700s, spermaceti processing factories have sprouted up all over Nantucket and even into the mainland. And the owners get together and form the United Company of Spermaceti Chandlers, and the organization gives them the power to keep newcomers from entering the market, and it also enables them to keep Nantucket whalers from artificially raising the price of oil. It's one of the first examples of monopolies and price-fixing on record. Spermaceti oil  not only transforms the way we light our world,  it helps create innovations in the most surprising  of places. [ ♪♪♪ ] It's by the light  of spermaceti lamps that great authors  like Benjamin Franklin and Thomas Jefferson  and Jane Austen write their greatest works. During the 1800s,  it's spermaceti oil that lubes the steam engines  and locomotives of the Industrial Revolution. And it was still used  in the gearboxes of American automatic cars  up until 1972. And because it stays liquid  even at subzero temperatures, an urban myth took root that it was used  in the Apollo 11 mission to land on the moon. Once we had bright lights  like spermaceti lamps, there's an immediate impact  on our lives. It meant we didn't go to bed  at sundown, we could stay up longer, do our chores later  into the evening, and even read a book  at bedtime. But it's not all good news. All this extra light  messes with our sleep. Are you having trouble sleeping, Steven? You know, it's funny, I am. That's weird. Can you explain why this is? - It's actually quite natural. - Really? Yeah. Until the advent of artificial lighting, people all over the world -- rich and poor, north and south -- they tended to sleep in two phases each night. They referred to their first sleep and their second sleep. And so they'd sleep for how long? People would sleep for a number of hours, and then wake up sometime around midnight, usually for an hour or two. And what would they do during that time? Well, according to records, some people broke the law. It was an opportunity to get up and pilfer from the neighbors. I like it, pilfering in the middle of the night. Yeah, people relieve themselves, they looked after children or livestock. Without being too explicit about this, the advice was, do not conceive a child before your first sleep when you're both exhausted from the day's labor. Wait until between the first and second sleep, when you're already rested. That's the ideal time to conceive a healthy child. With artificial lighting, the fact we could stay up later meant our natural  two-sleep pattern was squeezed into  one single sleep. [ toilet flushes ] But now many of us suffer  from insomnia. It's not unnatural to wake up in the middle of the night. So insomnia, in a way, is our body kind of reverting back to that older rhythm. Yeah, the exposure to artificial light has physiological effects, but we are going to fall back and wake up every now and then in the middle of the night, and there's just nothing wrong with it. All right, I feel a lot better about my insomnia. I'm going to try and get a little more shut-eye. Perfectly natural. All right, will you turn off the light? [ ♪♪♪ ] By the 1800s, our fascination  with artificial light had created a melting pot  of inventions and ideas. But before you shout out  "light bulb," there's one other dazzling  innovation I want to explore  from this time period, and it would once again  change the course of history. The very poor were increasingly living in the dark slums of America's growing cities. One man made it his mission to shine light on their wretched lives. It would take a flash of inspiration for the next step in the journey of light. [ ♪♪♪ ] That man was journalist  Jacob Riis. In the late 1800s  here in New York City, Riis would write a new chapter  in the story of light. He creates a source of light  so bright, it allows him to capture  an image and change people's minds. [ sirens blaring and horn honking ] Riis is investigating  a slum district called Five Points in Manhattan's Lower East Side. It's home to poor immigrants who'd come chasing  the American dream. With half a million people living in just 15,000 tenement buildings, neighborhoods like Five Points are among the most densely populated places on Earth. Riis is himself an immigrant, and so the squalor he finds here appalls him. He starts taking late-night walks through the back alleys and streets of Five Points, peering into the lives of the people there. [ ♪♪♪ ] These cramped, dark,  unsanitary hovels are cesspits for disease  and squalor, far removed from the day-to-day  lives of most Americans. Here's Riis in his own words: "The sights I saw there gripped my heart until I felt that I must tell of them or burst or turn anarchist or something." Riis bangs out reports  for newspapers and magazines, but his words fail to arouse  public interest. He wants to share  with middle America the lives of real people  from the slums. Maybe a photograph would help. Photography at this point is an experimental technology. Each photograph required a single plate, and they could be expensive. And they weren't very sensitive, so exposure times were extremely long, even in good light. So this is Riis' big problem. He wants to photograph inside the tenement apartments, but they're simply too dark. What he needs is a bright,  portable light source. [ ♪♪♪ ] Throughout the 1800s,  photographers try all sorts of ways  to light their photos. A breakthrough comes with  a metal called magnesium. All you really have to do is set it on fire. As you can see, it generates a bright light, but it's not very stable, and the fumes are really unpleasant. But then, in 1887,  two pyromaniacs from Germany grind up the magnesium  and add it to gunpowder. This produces an explosive  solution. They call it Blitzlichtpulver,  literally "flashlight powder." Riis notices a small, four-line article in his morning paper all about this new flash photography phenomenon from Germany. News of Blitzlicht has crossed the Atlantic. Could this be the innovation Riis has been waiting for? [ ♪♪♪ ] Riis heads back down  into the dark tenement hovels, now armed with the Blitzlicht  flash powder. He wants to try to light up  his nighttime images, but it's a tricky  and dangerous process. All right, so what do we need to do to light this thing up? - We need a flash gun. - I'm excited and terrified. So this is a flash gun? This is a flash gun right here. That sounds dangerous already. Okay. It is dangerous, of course, in the wrong hands. Now, watch, we're going to put the cap inside. - Don't push that button. - Okay. I won't, I promise. Now, this is black powder. Black powder is a form of gunpowder. My kids would love this. If this is what you needed to take photographs, they would take photographs all day long. They just like blowing things up. In order to get a more white flash, we add magnesium. I keep feeling like this is about to blow up in my face. [ laughs ] So that's the magnesium. That's what's going to give the white light. The powder underneath really kind of propels it. I'm going to suit you up. Nothing can go wrong now. I've got an apron on! I look like some kind of deranged butcher. - Hold it up above your head. - Right. If it's above your head and the wind is blowing that way, you won't burn your hair. Oh, I see. Right. It's going to be up about like that. Keep it level. So that's it. So now you're ready to fire. [ ♪♪♪ ] Riis wants to photograph the people in the tenements unposed and spontaneous, so he sets off unannounced into the slums after midnight. And you can imagine how surprising it must have been for these people when a stranger walks into their home and sets off a small explosion. [ ♪♪♪ ] [ thunder rumbles ] Many of the occupants  are left dazed and confused. One account recalls,  "A blinding flash, the patter  of retreating footsteps, and the mysterious visitors  were gone." You can see how it was dangerous work. Riis actually nearly blinded himself once, and on several occasions, he actually set fire to the tenements he was trying to photograph. Riis said, "Our party carried  terror wherever it went." But at least he gets  his photographs. [ ♪♪♪ ] With a set of images  lit by flash, Riis publishes his photos  in a book called How the Other Half Lives. He then goes  on a nationwide lecture trip, projecting his photographs  to audiences using another light device: a newly devised type  of magic lantern. JOHNSON: Jacob Riis would have loved this, right? Yeah, it's really special to be able to project his work this large, this bright, because, you know, he would use a magic lantern, - which has a candle inside. - Right. A candle is essentially 1 lumen, so he would project his work with 1 lumen, and today we have 12,000 lumens. It's so intense to be here and see these images of this neighborhood, basically, projected up on the screen. It's kind of like we've created the world's most depressing PowerPoint presentation. [ laughs ] People are walking by and shocked at these images. Thanks to the innovations of flash photography and the magic lantern, Riis takes this previously invisible group of people and makes them visible on a mass scale. It sets in motion a dramatic change in public opinion, triggering one of the great movements of social reform in American history. Thanks to Riis, many of the city's  worst tenement buildings are torn down. A decade of improvements  follows, with sewers, garbage  collection, and indoor plumbing. Riis used his images to share his vision and changed the way we see the world. One century comes up with a way to capture images in a dimly lit room, and by the next century it has transformed the lives of city dwellers everywhere. [ ♪♪♪ ] While the photographer's flash  could light a room for a short, blinding moment, people at this time still  relied on candles and lamps to light their way after dark. The buzz now was to create  a continuous and bright light at the flick of a switch. It was time for the first ever  light bulb moment. So how many people does it take to invent a light bulb? You know the answer. One, right? Thomas Alva Edison. Well, that's not exactly true. [ ♪♪♪ ] Decades before Edison  took an interest, inventors from across  Europe and America had experimented with  and patented a range of designs  for electric light bulbs. [ knocking ] But the problem with these  early bulbs... they didn't last  that long. [ ♪♪♪ ] It wasn't until 1878, almost 40 years after the first  patented light bulb, that the stage is set for the grand entrance  of Thomas Edison. Edison was already a media sensation. What do you think? I've got a little Edison impersonation business on the side. He was dubbed a wizard for being the first person to record a voice on a phonograph. And now he sets his mind to the problem of electric light. And the first thing he does is buy up an existing Canadian patent. Here's Edison in his own words: "I am not impressed by the great names and reputations of those who might be trying to beat me to an invention. It's their ideas that appeal to me. I'm quite correctly described as more of a sponge than an inventor." [ ♪♪♪ ] This might not sound like  the normal inventor mindset, but by buying up patents,  Edison could build on other people's already  existing designs. People think that by filing a patent, they're going to be automatically rich, they're going to make a lot of money, but most patents end up being worth absolutely nothing. It's the idea behind it that's important. In the case of the light bulb, there are, you know, dozens of patents, people patenting parts of the invention, people patenting the whole thing. Many people have good ideas that can contribute to the development of a major idea, but they don't have all of the vision, all the skill set necessary to do that. So a smart person with a bigger vision will come along and buy up that portfolio of patents and then use them to their advantage. That's not uncommon in today's technology world. [ ♪♪♪ ] With his newly purchased  patent, Edison reckons it will  only take him a few weeks to create a long-lasting  light bulb... but it's much harder  than he thought. So what does he do? Edison is a master of what we now call vaporware, announcing a nonexistent product in order to scare off competitors. Basically, he lies. [ ♪♪♪ ] Edison announces to the press that he's succeeded  in inventing the first long-life  electric light bulb and encourages journalists  to come see it. Edison invites each reporter, one by one, into a booth where he showcases his miraculous new invention and discusses the merits of his design. But only for a few minutes max, just long enough to ensure that the bulb doesn't blow. And then he ushers the reporter out of the booth, and then he goes in and screws in a new light bulb and brings the next guy in. When asked how long his light bulb will last, he answers confidently, "Forever... almost?" [ ♪♪♪ ] But now Edison has to make good  on his blatant lie. Rather than work alone, Edison employs the brightest  minds of the time. He calls them his "muckers," and sets up the world's first  research and development lab. On top of that, he creates  a new business model: to give his staff  an extra incentive, he awards them with shares  in the company. The team try out over  6,000 different materials for the light bulb filament. Edison is even inspired  by his old fishing rod and gets his muckers  to experiment with stuff like bamboo. It takes almost two years, but they finally manage  to create a long-lasting light bulb, which burns for an incredible  1,200 hours. The first public display of Edison's incandescent light happens on New Year's Eve, 1879. Edison said, "The electric light has caused me the greatest amount of study and required the most elaborate experiments." Edison's light bulb is not so much a single invention as it is a collection of small but ingenious improvements. By 1880, electric light bulbs  go into mass production. Edison announces that lighting  our homes now comes cheap. With spermaceti oil lamps, we got just seven hours  of light for an average day's wage. But with electric light bulbs, it was 1,200 hours  for the same money. Edison created a new kind of workspace that would prove crucial for the next century's businesses: the modern corporate research and development lab. And on top of that, he inaugurated a tradition that would be widely adopted by the technology sector: paying their employees in shares and not just in cash. In a sense, Edison didn't just invent technology, he also invented a system of inventing that would drive 20th-century innovation. [ ♪♪♪ ] It took a while for electric  light bulbs to take off because most homes didn't have  a source of electricity. But as our cities slowly began  to crackle with power, Edison's influence spreads  far and wide. Edison's light bulbs radically  change our work life, creating the first  24-hour factories and the innovation  of shift work. This massively increases  productivity right across the globe. Electric streetlights  cause a drop in crime and open the night  to the entertainment industry, from music halls to the movie. [ film reel clattering ] And with our homes now bathed  in electric light, it opens a door to other  electrical appliances: the washing machine,  the vacuum cleaner, the food mixer transform  the role of women, halving the hours a housewife  spends on chores, allowing many to enter  the national workforce. [ typewriter keys clacking ] While Edison and his R&D; team  light our homes and bring the world into  the age of electricity, there's one arena Edison  actually failed to tackle in his lifetime. [ bat cracks and crowd cheers ] And that was to bring light  to sports. Until the 1930s, professional sporting events like baseball games were actually relatively small-scale affairs. The games had to be played during daylight hours, usually during the work week, which meant that a big professional baseball game might only attract an audience of a few thousand people. To increase numbers, games would have to be played  after work, but that's when it got dark. [ "Charge!" plays on organ ] In his old age,  Edison dreamed of lighting up large spaces  like this, but it's not a simple task. One of the biggest challenges is there are players all over the field. The game is very omnidirectional. You never know which way they're going to turn. I mean, what made it so difficult? We have to put lights all around the field to make sure that we minimize shadows. And we have to make sure we put them in the appropriate place, to not put them in offending zones of the batters and the players so they truly don't get blinded by light. [ generators winding up ] The man credited with the  solution is R.J. Swackhammer, a lighting designer  for Edison's company, General Electric. It wasn't so much  a technological innovation. It was more the precise  placement of floodlights plus narrow-beamed spotlights around the irregular-shaped  field, creating an even distribution  of light. [ crowd whistling and cheering ] In May 1935, the first Major League Baseball  game played under lights was the Cincinnati Reds versus  the Philadelphia Phillies with an evening crowd  of over 20,000 people. So we're here at home plate, we've got the lights on. So I feel like I'm pretty well lit. Now what is it about the lighting that is so special on me here? Light's hitting every side of you, so no matter where the people sit, no matter where the cameras stand, you're rendered with light on all sides. That also helps if you're a batter. You can see the ball being lit from left, right, forward, and back. You can see how it's turning and whether or not you should swing low, high, left, or right. And how much power is driving this whole spectacle right now? This is 1 megawatt, 1 million watts, which costs about $100 an hour to run, where compared to your typical house, is about $100 per month. Despite the obvious advantages of lights, not everyone was convinced about lighting stadiums. The president of one club announced, "There is no chance night baseball is going to become popular. The game was meant to be played in the lord's own sunshine." [ crowd cheering ] But soon sports stadiums  across the country and around the world  are being fitted with lights. [ shutter clicking and bat cracks ] The simple ability  to play at night had some surprising  consequences. Lighting up stadiums effectively brought sports to the masses on a global scale, and it helped create the national pastime of spectator sports from baseball to football to basketball, all the way to monster trucks. And it turned sports into a multibillion-dollar entertainment industry. [ cheering ] Artificial light  may have started out as a way for us to illuminate  our dark world, but we now had the power  to use it just for fun. Garage inventors could now  create lights just to bring color and  excitement to our cities. If there's one place on Earth  that's famous for its lights, it's Las Vegas. The city is lit up like  a Christmas tree, and everywhere you look,  the vibrant glow of neon. Now, the marriage of Sin City  to its gaudy neon lights came about by a chance  encounter with the work of a crazy French scientist. That man was Georges Claude. Claude is a chemist by trade, but he cares less  for academic studies and more for fantasy books. Claude is an avid reader of the early science-fiction novels of Jules Verne, whose tales of adventure open his mind to new possibilities. [ ♪♪♪ ] In 1902, working in Paris, Claude makes an accidental  discovery while studying the composition  of air. [ rattling ] Air was known to contain  around 78% nitrogen plus 21% oxygen  and 1% "other." It's in these "other" gases where Claude's thirst for  mystery and his eye for a buck collide in spectacular fashio. So Claude has got all these extra strange gases lying around, and so, like any self-respecting mad scientist, he decides to pass a current of electricity through them, and one of those gases lights up a vivid shade of red. That gas turns out to be neon. [ buzzing ] Neon gas itself was not  a new discovery, but it had been mostly ignored  by other scientists. The fact it glows brightly when you pass electricity  through it gives Claude an idea: he invents and patents  the first neon tube light. [ ♪♪♪ ] Claude decides to set up a stall in the streets of Paris to showcase his amazing new electric light. Neon! People... you want some neon? Word spreads all around the world, and before long the orders are coming in, and Claude can't meet the demand. Look at this glowing color! You can make signs from it! And so, to protect his invention and bring his product to the market, he decides to embrace a new business model: the franchise. Franchises, and the  trade secrets they protect, dominate the world  of commerce today. It's how some of the very  best ideas go global. I get chills any time I talk about franchises. - Really? - I do. Thank God we have you on the show. That's great. You may be the only person in the world. Well, I get chills about it because it's one entrepreneur saying to another entrepreneur, "You don't have the money to do this big company? Buy into my idea. Put a little money down, start your own business, and then pay me the equivalent of a royalty over a period of time." When I was growing up, you had all of these black men who just had ideas, but they couldn't get the capital from the banks. But yet they pooled together all their money to buy a McDonald's franchise or to buy a Buick franchise or a GM franchise, and by opening up that, they built wealth in the community, put their kids through school, employed the community, and the wealth just spread. That was the most impassioned speech about franchises I've ever heard. I find franchises to be great business models when the underlying idea of it is so powerful that it captures the imagination of an entire community, if not a nation. [ ♪♪♪ ] Back in 1920s Las Vegas,  Claude's neon light franchise was picked up by an  entrepreneurial sign writer called Tom Young. Young's Electric Sign Company still keeps Las Vegas alight  to this day. I caught up with his grandson,  Jeff. So what brought your grandfather to Vegas? My grandfather was born in England and immigrated as a young man to Utah and was a hand letterer was his trade. And early on he was travelling through this area to see family in California and started selling signs in Las Vegas. How did he start thinking about really lighting up the signs? Light and energy were such a big part of this area because of the building of Hoover Dam, and he thought, "All that electricity, there's going to be an opportunity down there to make some pretty bright signs." - Right, right. - Yeah. [ ♪♪♪ ] With a loan of $300, Young sets  up a sign writing company. Later, he opens a branch in the still-small town  of Las Vegas. Tom Young brings a completely  new aesthetic and scale to sign writing, and at its heart  is neon lighting. [ buzzing ] These are some of the biggest signs in the world here. These I-beams were just massive, because it was supporting a 260-foot display. Our plastic fabrication is back in this area. We actually just shipped out a giant flamingo that's going downtown. The scale is much bigger here than you'll get anywhere else in the world. Caesars at 165 feet, Mandalay, Mirage, Bellagio: we've had involvement with every casino that you can think of in Las Vegas. This is our glass room. I'll take you in there and show you. By using different color  glass tubes and even different gases, Young creates a rainbow  of bright colors. JOHNSON: So for someone like your grandfather in 1920, what is it about neon that seems so immediately useful? Well, at the time, light bulbs, you could turn them on and off, but they didn't really have color and you couldn't bend them. You get a tube of glass, and you can bend it virtually in any shape, in virtually any color. I mean, there was just nothing like that anywhere, and so it just took off like wildfire. [ ♪♪♪ ] It's a remarkable story  of how different ideas and skills came together  to create something brand-new. A new technology from France collides with an immigrant sign designer from England in the middle of the American Southwest. Young realizes that neon isn't just about light. It could also be used to make words. It's one of those chance encounters that will ultimately transform the look of an entire city. Neon light becomes  the ultimate way to advertise. Hotels and casinos use it  to lure people in. The giant neon displays are even seen as  a new form of art. These lights inspire a generation of architects to abandon the sterile, serious designs of Modernism and embrace the playful, symbolic excess of the Las Vegas strip. This is how change happens. Scientists discover a new kind of gas, which creates an amazing business opportunity, which ultimately leads to a new artistic movement, and every step of that journey, neon lit the way. [ ♪♪♪ ] People like Young  were now using light to send out a bold,  bright message. In the final chapter  in the story of light, it would be used  not for illumination as such, more as an industrial tool. And this time as well, inspiration didn't come  from scientists, but from science fiction. Just a minute! Ladies and gentlemen, I think something is happening. [ ominous string music plays ] From H.G. Wells in the 1800s through to Flash Gordon  and Superman in the 1930s, early sci-fi stories,  comic strips, and films often used beams of light  to zap people. [ laser buzzes ] The innovation of what came to be called the laser didn't actually come about in the real world until the late 1950s and early '60s. Not for the first time, the science-fiction writers were well ahead of the scientists. When the laser finally  becomes reality, its first mainstream use  isn't as a terrifying weapon, but as something  a little less exciting: [ beeps ] scanning barcodes. [ beeps ] Barcodes were invented  back in the late '40s by two grad students, Bernard Silver  and Norman Woodland. They'd overheard a shop owner wanting a way to read product  information at the checkout. Well, you'll want one of this, sir. Six pence a card. Six pence, eh? To read the barcodes originally  took a cumbersome device inspired by a movie projector and powered by a large  500-watt light bulb. But with the invention  of the laser, a different kind of light  was created. It's very pure, made from  single colors of the spectrum, and can be focused  to a narrow beam. With a laser, small, handheld scanners  were possible. Okay, so it may not seem like the sexiest of innovations, but the ability to quickly and efficiently scan barcodes transformed retailing all around the world. Each transaction could be recorded and tracked into the supply chain, which meant that you never ran out of goods. Big retail outlets were able to maintain vast inventories of goods, which gave them a critical advantage over smaller mom-and-pop stores. [ ♪♪♪ ] With barcodes  and laser scanners, retail outlets ballooned  into the huge stores that now dominate shopping  malls across the world. Lasers effectively changed  the face of shopping. [ ♪♪♪ ] Today, lasers have come  to enable so much in our daily life. Lasers transform the music  and movie industry with the innovation of CDs  and DVDs, and they make  an awesome stage show. High-power lasers are behind  every journey we make. They revolutionize construction  for transport, with laser cutting, drilling,  and welding used in building every car  and airplane. And laser light transforms  global communications, as nearly every telephone call,  email, and web search is now carried as pulses  of light through a system  of fiber optics. Science fiction might have given birth to the idea of lasers, but they're now an essential tool in scientific research. And if the old sci-fi fans might have been disappointed to see lasers used for barcode scanning, they'd be thrilled to see what scientists have planned for them next. [ ♪♪♪ ] This is the Lawrence Livermore  National Ignition Facility near San Francisco. It's here that we can look into the future story of light. This is a high-security facility. I've been scanned and swabbed and searched, but I'm here because inside this building, scientists have created the most powerful laser system on the planet, and the hope is that they can use the light to create not a death ray, but instead a near limitless supply of clean energy. The goal here is  to use laser light to power nuclear fusion, the same process that drives  our sun and the stars. The head man  is Mike Dunne. The objective of this facility is to try to reproduce, in miniature, what's happening at the center of the sun. And how far along in the process towards that fusion goal would you say you are? We're still going through the experimental journey. And in fact, today there's a major experiment under way to see if we can get to that next level. [ ♪♪♪ ] In the control room,  the team of scientists and engineers are preparing  to fire the laser system. When they flick the switch, a single pulse of low-power  laser light is sent off through  fiber optic cables. But then, in this  cavernous room, it gets split up into  192 separate laser beams, and their power is amplified  4 million billion times, reaching a total output  of 500,000 gigawatts. The lasers then get routed down  to the basement, to the fusion reaction chambe. You know how you see something that seems really futuristic, and you're like, that looks like something from Star Trek? It's like, this actually was from Star Trek. DUNNE: This is the engine room of the starship Enterprise. It's incredible. So this is the heart of the whole facility, where the laser beams come down from above. We focus each laser beam down to a tiny point in space about the width of a human hair, onto this fusion fuel. That red dot inside  the fuel cell is a tiny droplet  of frozen hydrogen. When the laser beams strike i, the hydrogen atoms  are converted into helium, releasing lots of energy. MAN OVER RADIO: Countdown started, T-minus 270 seconds. Back in the control room,  they're ready to fire. [ alarms blaring in distance ] So I can tell something very important is going on in here, because they've got all these computers, and not a single person is checking Facebook. [ laughs ] MAN OVER RADIO: System shot sequence ready, T-minus 30. [ ♪♪♪ ] [ man gives indistinct update ] MAN OVER RADIO: Copy. System shot sequence ready in T-minus 10, 9, 8, 7, 6, 5, 4, 3, 2, 1. Shot. - We're still alive. - We are. - So that's good. - First good sign. So what just happened? For an instant in time, about 100 trillionths of a second, we created, just over there, the hottest place in the solar system. [ ♪♪♪ ] This facility is still  at the experimental stage, but someday,  possibly very soon, the world could be powered  by fusion energy created by laser light. The hope is that we can optimize this laser system and the fuel to get more energy coming out of the fusion process than the laser itself delivers. And if you can harness that, then you've got an inherently clean, inherently safe form of energy that will last for probably a few million years. [ ♪♪♪ ] When you stand and look at this extraordinary machine, you really have to pause for a second and remind yourself that just 200 years ago, the state of the art in artificial light involved cutting up a whale on the deck of a ship in the middle of the North Atlantic. [ ♪♪♪ ] But here we are today, and we're creating miniature suns on Earth. This is the journey of light, and it started as this attempt to just read a book before we went to bed... [ crowd cheering ] and then it became a massive form of commerce, and then it became a form of advertising, and then it became a form of art, and now we're in this room trying to create the next chapter in the story of light. What started as just an attempt to illuminate our lives after dark now may be the future of energy. In the next episode, I'm looking at how we got to  today's refrigerated world. It took people like  the college dropout who tried to ship  blocks of ice cut from a frozen lake  in Boston to steamy Georgia... Everywhere he goes, the ice melts. and a guy trying to feed  his family in the Arctic. Imagine trying to live the entire winter on, like, moose jerky. Discovering how  to make things cold has changed our world  in many unexpected ways. [ grinding noise ] Oh, my God! How We Got to Now  was made possi the Corporation  for Public Broadcasting and by contributions  to your PBS station from... [ ♪♪♪ ] To learn more about How We Got to Now, visit us on the web at... How We Got to Now  is available on DVD. A companion book  is also available. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 