How We Got to Now: Season 1, Episode 1 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 How We Got to Now 
 s1e1 - Clean - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 How We Got to Now (2014–…): Season 1, Episode 1 - Clean - full transcript 
 Dirty water is transformed with a series of innovations - Chicago builds America's first sewer system, and Jersey City makes water safe for drinking (and bikinis). Manufacturing is transformed with the elimination of dust. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 [ ♪♪♪ ] Imagine if every time you took a drink of water from the tap, you were playing Russian roulette with your life, or the streets outside your door were almost knee-deep in filth. Well, that's what life was like in the Western world just a century and a half ago. But over the next 100 years,  we managed to rid many cities of this waste and disease. So how did we get to be  so clean? Well, it took guys like  the maverick railway engineer who lifted a city to build  America's first sewers. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 It's a crazy idea, but it's also kind of a beautiful one. And the doctor who added  potentially lethal chemicals to the water supply of  an entire city. These are classic examples of the kind of people who actually made the modern world, people you've probably never heard of. These were the hobbyists,  garage inventors, and obsessive tinkerers, ordinary people doing  extraordinary things. The thing about these pioneers is they didn't just make our world a cleaner place, they also set off an amazing chain reaction of ideas. The result were innovations that would affect every aspect  of our lives, 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 from the world of high-tech  to fashion law and order,  all the way to health. I want to show how these  seemingly unconnected worlds are linked by the unsung  heroes of clean. I write about ideas I'and innovation.n. And this is the untold story of How We Got to Now. [ ♪♪♪ ] How We Got to Now was made  possible in part by the Corporation  for Public Broadcasting and by contributions  to your PBS station from... [ ♪♪♪ ] You know, you look around, today's city streets are so clean you could eat your dinner off of them. A city like San Francisco spends $50 million a year spraying and sweeping and generally keeping the streets free of filth. But just a few feet below me, there is a tide of highly toxic waste. This deeply unpleasant  river of filth is one of the biggest  health issues cities around the world face. To see it requires  some serious safety gear, a huge team of people... There we go, okay. Oh, yeah. and nerves of steel. Ironically,  the story of clean starts in the dirtiest place  imaginable. Another day, another sewer. All right, here we go. Okay. I'm going in. I can already smell it from here. It's delightful, yeah. All right, I'm going down. [ ♪♪♪ ] These are San Francisco's  sewers. There's almost 1,000 miles  of these tunnels that run beneath the city,  hidden from view. Oh, this space is incredible. It's really hot down here, and the smell is just kind of overwhelming. And there are lots of little critters walking along on the sides. This is... this is the underbelly of the city. I mean, in an incredible way, like, this is what makes cities possible is this kind of space. But we never see it, we never experience it. It's an extraordinary thing. But what's even more remarkabe is that many of San Francisco's  sewers were constructed well over 100 years ago. This old infrastructure  has now been expanded as the city above has grown. Which means it requires  regular maintenance by people like Gene Chruszcz. So where is all this waste -- this is pouring out of someone's apartment building right here? This is a lateral going to the apartment building. So people taking showers, washing their dishes, going to the bathroom, it all comes into this sewer. And where is this flowing to? This is all going to flow to another big sewer, and it goes to our sanitary plant, where it's treated. Amazing. The journey from homes to wastewater treatment facilities is only made possible thanks to these amazing  century-old sewer lines. This line was put in in, I think, 1868. - 1868? - Yeah. - The structure looks fantastic. - Wow, that's amazing. - That's incredible. - Yeah. Today, we take it for granted  that there's somewhere for our waste to go  when we flush a toilet. But just five generations ago, there were no comprehensive  sewer networks anywhere in America. It meant that much of the filth  you see down here was on the streets  and sidewalks. You made a hard job easy. Thanks. You guys done? Ready to strip him? Strip me! [ chuckles ] The history of clean streets  is surprisingly short. As we rewind the clock,  you can rapidly see our cities becoming  ever-dirtier places to live. And nowhere is filthier  or more unpleasant than mid-19th-century Chicago, the place where the story  of clean in American cities first begins. [ ♪♪♪ ] Back in the 19th century, Chicago has a particular  problem when it comes to keeping clea. We think of horses as these symbols of natural beauty, but imagine what it was like when all these cars were horses. You take thousands of these and put them on the streets of an already crowded city like Chicago, things can get pretty grim. Just imagine what this street would've been like 150 years ago. You're walking out in your fine 19th-century outfit, and the sidewalk is literally lined with this. I mean, it's an appalling mix of human and animal excrement that you have to wade through on your way out to dinner. The city is convinced that  the smell of this toxic waste is causing the huge levels of  disease they're experiencing. Something has to be done. So Chicago hires this man, engineering maverick  Ellis Chesbrough. Chesbrough thinks he can rid  the city of its waste by building the first  comprehensive sewer system of any major American city. But there's a problem. Chicago is just too flat, and that makes it  astronomically expensive to build sewers underground. But Chesbrough's got an incredible idea. If you can't dig down, why not lift the city up? And he's got the perfect technology to do it: the jackscrew. The jackscrew  is a simple device used largely on the railways to lift trains on and off  the track. But Chesbrough sees that  it could be put to use in his sewer-building project. If you can use a couple of these to lift a locomotive, why not use them to lift a building or a block or an entire neighborhood? It's a crazy idea, but it's also kind of a beautiful one. Using railroad technology to keep the city streets clean. Starting in the 1850s,  building by building, Chicago is lifted  by jackscrew The spectacle draws crowds  of startled onlookers, who watch on  as a city is lifted right before their eyes. [ cheers and applause ] In 1868, one British visitor watches a 22,000-ton hotel  be lifted. This is what he had to say  about it: "The people were in it all  the time, coming and going, eating and sleeping, the whole business of the hotel proceeding  without interruption." In 1860, engineers raised  an entire city block. With superhuman effort, almost an acre of five-story buildings weighing an estimated  35,000 tons were lifted by over 6,000  jackscrews. [ crackling and crunching ] As the jackscrews  did their work, sewers were laid at the perfect  angle to drain. [ water running ] With the buildings lifted, new  foundations were built beneath and raised streets and  sidewalks were installed. But buildings weren't just  lifted in Chicago. To make room for the sewers,  some got moved altogether. We've got a great quote: "Never a day passed during my stay in the city that I did not meet one or more houses shifting their quarters. Going out great Madison Street in the horsecars, we had to stop twice to let houses get across." I mean, there's a lot of traffic in today's Chicago, but at least you don't have to worry about houses going down the street in front of you. By lifting these buildings, Ellis Chesbrough  was able to build the first comprehensive  sewer network in America and clean Chicago streets  of the muck and stench. But the project was destined to have some remarkable and  surprising consequences. When you do something as ambitious as lifting an entire city, it fires people up. Chesbrough had proved that even under the most difficult circumstances, sewers could be built. Inspired by Chicago's example, within three decades 20 American cities built their own networks of underground sewer tunnels. [ ♪♪♪ ] But building sewers is just  the beginning of a change that will transform our plane. With the muck off the streets,  attention soon turns to trash. By 1914, over 70 cities  in America are providing municipal refuse collection. By the 1930s,  modern sanitation companies are collecting garbage  for the first time... and American cities are  becoming free of filth. But Chesbrough and his sewers do more than just  keep cities clean. They prove that big  infrastructure is essential for making cities function. All around the world, new underground building  projects are begun. In 1863 in London,  the first steam train travels under the city. In Paris, the Metro opens  in 1900, followed soon  by the New York subway. Pedestrian walkways  and auto freeways, followed by electrical highways  and fiber-optic networks, are created around the world. [ phone ringing and electrical sparking ] Today, whole parallel worlds  exist underground, powering the cities above. It's a revolution. [ ♪♪♪ ] Chesbrough's sewers  proved to be an inspirational feat  of engineering. But, unfortunately, they had  a bit of a teething problem. The sewers were draining  into Lake Michigan, which was the water supply  for the city. Chesbrough may have made  the streets clean, but the water was still  filthy. And it wasn't long before  the problems became apparent. In the 1870s, this was a regular sight in the bathrooms of Chicago. The water was so filthy with sewage that it was regularly filled with dead fish. One observer reported that the fish would actually come out cooked, and locals would refer to their bathroom water affectionately as "chowder." As you might've guessed, mixing raw sewage with drinking water was not such a good idea, and not just because of the dead fish or the smell. The problem was the water could kill you. [ ♪♪♪ ] But most of the Chicagoans  of the time were blissfully unaware that putting waste in drinking  water was so deadly. No one could see  the hidden killers that lurked in dirty water. While Chesbrough's first sewers  let Chicago's waste mix with its drinking water, today Chicago does everything  it can to keep the two separate. I'm standing above the latest addition to Chicago's sewer network. It's an epic project. They've been working on it for almost 40 years, and it's cost nearly $4 billion. But to understand the true scale of this project, I need to go stand in this little yellow cage. [ ♪♪♪ ] Around five times a year,  heavy storms roll in that can dump more than  7 billion gallons of water on Chicago in just a few hour. This causes the sewer network first begun by Ellis Chesbrough to overflow. With nowhere to go, this mixture of rainwater and sewage can spill out  into people's homes and pollute the waterways,  causing huge problems. This network of tunnels are designed to store and transport this huge influx of dirty water  and keep the city clean. Hidden from view, this space will keep millions  of peoe safe. Now, this is like a cathedral. This is like the church of engineering right here. Look how immense this is. This huge project has over  500 people working on it, and Kevin Fitzpatrick is one  of the project managers. This looks like the set of a science-fiction film, right? I mean, this is an amazing space to work in. Sort of the air makes it feel like you're on a science-fiction set here. We're about 300 feet underground, and it's always cool and damp here, so you get a little bit of steam coming. In a big storm, how much water would be in this space? This thing would be completely full. Be completely full. Polluted stormwater would be coming through that tunnel, dropping right down here and shooting out into the reservoir. But during a major storm,  so much water falls that even these vast tunnels  are not big enough to hold it. So an even bigger space  is required to deal with all the water. So here we go into the quarry. Wow, it's very hard to just tell the size of it. [ ♪♪♪ ] You walk out of those tunnels, and then you're in this unbelievable, massive space. And how much water can this thing hold? 7.9 billion gallons' worth of water when it's done. In a big storm, how high would the water eventually get? The water will get 300 feet above our heads in a storm. It'll go all the way up to the top of this thing? Almost all the way up to ground level. This is like the world's largest bathtub here. It is the world's largest bathtub. So it's basically just this kind of giant buffer. You've got a storm, you can't deal with all that water, you've got to put it somewhere. We need somewhere to put it that's not polluting the waterways and that's not backing up in people's basements. This is the location. It's an amazing solution. Ellis Chesbrough would've loved this, right? He was all about big projects like this, and he would've loved a project like this, I'm sure. [ ♪♪♪ ] [ exploding boom ] Looking at the scale  and expense of this project, you can understand  just how hard it is to get clean water  in fast-growing cities. But today's planners have a simple but crucial piece  of information that Chesbrough didn't. Human waste in drinking water  spreads disease. To keep people safe, you need  to do everything possible to stop the two from mixing. Discovering this one fact was the single most important  breakthrough in our understanding of clean. [ toilet flushes ] The story of how we made  that breakthrough, well, it begins with  a mewhat rock 'n' roll choice of breakfast. To tell you the truth, I don't normally have beer for breakfast, but actually, for thousands of years, this was the healthiest way to start the day. Our ancestors liked to have a drink or two. Benjamin Franklin in his diaries recalled how his colleagues would have a pint of beer before breakfast, and then they'd have a pint with breakfast and a pint between breakfast and lunch. And of course you have to have some beer with lunch. By the way, this is the point at which I need a nap, but they would charge on and have a pint around 6:00 p.m. and then of course a pint to celebrate the end of a hard day's work. Now, this may seem a little excessive, but it's not quite as crazy as you might think. [ ♪♪♪ ] The beer-brewing process  kills disease. Although no one realizes this in the middle  of the 19th century, it means if you live  in an unclean environment, beer is a very sensible drink. This quirky fact, that drinking  beer can be safer than water, will help transform  our understanding of clean. Ahh! Beer will prove vital  in solving the mystery of one of the deadliest killers  in Victorian London. When we think about killers in the dark corridors of 19th-century London, we might think of Jack the Ripper. But the real killer that haunted the streets was cholera. Between 1831 and 1860, cholera killed more than 140,000 people in Britain, and it did so in a truly horrific way. There's a particularly harrowing account from the time of a cholera victim  near to death. It reads, "The mind within  remains untouched and clear, shining strangely through  the glazed eyes, a spirit looking out in terror  from a corpse." Cholera is a horrific disease  that still kills almost 100,000 people worldwide  every year. But in the 19th century, doctors profoundly  misunderstand its cause. The medical leaders of the time  are convinced cholera is spread through  the stink in the air. Proving them wrong  will be a lifelong battle for this man, John Snow, a medic from the north  of England whose experiences as  a young man will lead to a radical new theory  about the spread of disease. As an 18-year-old trainee doctor, Snow spends nearly a year in the mines of Killingworth in the northeast of England, treating miners who have been stricken with cholera. It's not the most pleasant way to start a medical practice, but what he experiences in the mine will spark an idea that will follow him for the rest of his career. Snow is breathing in  the same putrid air as the infected miners, and yet, despite the time  he spends with them, he doesn't seem to get ill. Looking around at the appalling sanitary conditions that the miners worked in, with the filth and the dirty water, something clicks in Snow's mind. It's just the glimmer of an idea, really, and it might've stayed that way had he spent the rest of his life in a small town. But Snow's idea is going to blossom into something truly powerful when he moves to the city. [ ♪♪♪ ] In 1836, John Snow arrives in Soho in the heart of London. It's a place where beer  is produced and consumed on a very large scale. It's also a place that is ripe  for big ideas, a place that will help Snow  make his breakthrough. In the mines of Killingworth, Snow had noticed that not everyone who breathed the air had come down with cholera. Now, in London, he attends public lectures and learns more about the way that gases are distributed in the atmosphere, and he starts working on a radical new theory: cholera is not in the air, it's in the water. Snow's radical idea  flies in the face of the medical establishment's  view that cholera spreads  through the air. But to convince them  he's right, Snow needs irrefutable  evidence. In 1854, when a deadly cholera  outbreak begins in the heart of Soho, Snow realizes it's an  opportunity to gain the evidence  that he needs. But to prove his theory,  he's going to have to take a truly monumental gamble  with his own life. While the rest of the neighborhood is fleeing in terror, Snow bravely goes from door to door in Soho, recording the deaths at each address. And with this detective work, he assembles all the data and he makes a map. Now, it may not look like much, but this is actually one of the most influential maps ever produced. [ ♪♪♪ ] Overlaid on the map  is the data John Snow has collected  in Soho. Each of the black marks represents a death  from cholera. As Snow builds up a picture  of what's going on, the map reveals that the deaths  are concentrated around a water pump  on Broad Street. But there's one group of locals  who escape the outbreak: the beer-drinking workers  at the local brewery. Unbeknownst to them,  their favorite beverage has kept them safe from  the dirty water of Soho. It's all the evidence  John Snow needs. By risking his life,  Snow has proved that cholera is spreading  through the water. It's an insight that will begin  a new chapter in our understanding  of clean. Thanks to Snow and his map, the authorities finally come around to one of the most important principles of public health: access to clean drinking water is crucial for preventing disease. It's the principle that every  relief worker in the world now follows after  a major disaster. But Snow's map will have consequences that extend far beyond just public health. [ ♪♪♪ ] Snow's work helps inaugurate the new science of  epidemiology, using maps and surveys instead  of lab-based experiments to uncover the patterns  and causes of disease. In the 1950s, these techniques  will be used by British doctor Richard Doll  to reveal that lung cancer is linked to cigarette smoking  rather than car fumes. In the 1980s, police forces will combine data and maps  together to reveal the previously hidden  patterns and causes of crime in cities. It's a technique that will  revolutionize law and order. Today, the combination  of local data and maps has become a vital tool  for city dwellers all over the world. And all these developments  have their roots in a map made by John Snow  more than 150 years ago. [ ♪♪♪ ] John Snow makes clean water  the goal for civil engineers in the rest of the century. The irony is Snow made  his breakthrough without actually knowing  what it is in dirty water that kills us. This little creature  is what John Snow was actually up against. It's a tiny organism  that spreads through water and causes cholera. If you are unlucky enough to  ingest cholera-infected water, there will soon be upwards of  a trillion of these creatures living in your gut. And that spells death. [ ♪♪♪ ] Learning how to control  bacteria in water would be one of our greatest challenges in the 20th century. Even today, for almost  1 billion of us, drinking a glass of water is  like playing Russian roulette. But one miraculous chemical  would allow us to kill these deadly creature, and in doing so, it would make  much of modern life possible. A hundred and fifty years ago in Europe and America, the public water was so dirty you wouldn't have wanted to go near it. Today, the story is a little different. Now we actively seek out  public water, sharing it with over 80 million  other Americans each year and their trillions upon  trillions of bacteria. Whoa! All these people  are jostling around in a wonderful bacterial  breeding ground of 72-degree water, a temperature that's ripe  for superfast multiplication. There's a reason why we didn't have waterparks like this in the middle of the 19th century. There was no way to keep the water clean. I mean, imagine what John Snow would've said about this place. He would've been baffled by it. Then again, I don't think he was much of a waterpark person. But perhaps what would've  shocked John Snow the most is that this park operates  a recycle system. Over 2.5 million gallons  of water are used over and over  in the rides. It means keeping it clean  is vitally important. So now we're behind the scenes. We've got this water playland up there. This is what we need to do to keep that safe and clean. We have to filter it and disinfect it and do all the good things that these little magic guys do to clean 2.5 million gallons of water at Blastenhoff. That's a lot of water. And what happens at the first stage of filtering? We have some pre-filters before things go public. This is what gets trapped in the filter... - In the pre-filter. - on an average day. So this is just a small -- oh, a yummy example just for you. That is like the world's largest hairball. It is like the world's largest hairball. You know, we are mammals. Oh, that's what we just kind of naturally shed? - Do you want to touch it? - No, I really don't. Are you sure? It's just a hairball. Oh -- oh, God! No, it's in my contract. I'm not allowed to interact with hairballs. It's not that scary. Some leaves, a little bracelet. Oh, look, out of someone's shoe. Can I ask, like, what is the weirdest thing you've ever found in the filters? Oh, I think one of the weirdest things is a toupee. - Really? - Yeah. So what happened to the poor guy? I assume it was a guy. He goes onto the ride, and he's like all Burt Reynolds, and he shows down at the end, he's like, "Oop, wait, I have a slightly different look, sorry!" But the objects we can see  make up just a tiny fraction of what has to be cleaned  out of the water. What really keeps this place  clean is chlorine, a chemical that is lethal  to microscopic bacteria. So what is this giant vat? Well, this is liquid chlorine that we inject into the water, which is our disinfection. So this is basically what keeps the whole park safe. This is the -- you can't have the magic up there without this giant vat of chlorine. That is the secret and the magic to water. Clean water is paramount to what we do, and we've got this amazing team of men and women that take care of our water. They're invisible and probably not as loved and noticed as they should be, but all day long, they make sure that our water and the magic of the waterpark starts with good, disinfected, filtered, clean water. [ ♪♪♪ ] We all know chlorine is vital  in waterparks, but there's a problem. Use too much chlorine, and it can be lethal to humans. It means it was one of those  innovations that was very hard to sell. And back when chlorine was  first used to treat water, itasn't just for  entertainment, it was a matter of life  and death. Across America and Europe at the beginning of  the 20th century, dirty water was everywhere. And one technology  in particular was causing the problem... the humble flushing toilet. [ ♪♪♪ ] The toilet was adopted  by a lot of people in a very short space  of time. When this happens, problems  are never very far away. Just look at the modern world  of high technology. Think of the iPhone. This was a huge hit product, but right after its launch, it overloaded the wireless network. People just had no idea how much iPhone users were going to try and get online. People even had a hard time just making telephone calls. New technologies can often overwhelm old infrastructure in really surprising ways. Please, I just -- I don't know how I got into this thing, but I feel a little bit uncomfortable. Guys, can you -- can you guys get me out of here? [ ♪♪♪ ] In the 19th century, toilets,  like iPhones, were a catastrophic success. People bought and used them  so much that they overwhelmed  the system. As many thousands of toilets  were installed in cities around the world, there was a huge influx  of dirty water. As a result, drinking water  became even more lethal. Finding a solution to this  problem would begin a new phase in the story  of clean. What we needed was a way to kill bacteria on a truly vast scale. And the solution wouldn't come from some genius scientist but instead from a seemingly unremarkable guy, a passionate amateur who happened to be in the right place at the right time. This guy, John Leal. He never became rich or famous, but his work would transform America. [ ♪♪♪ ] John Leal is a doctor at the  beginning of the 20th century, but it's his special interests  that mark him out as a bit different. Leal is obsessed with bacteria in water. It's an obsession that had come from personal tragedy. His father had died a slow and painful death from drinking bad water during the Civil War. All of which means that when he's not spending time helping his patients, he's trying to figure out new ways to kill bacteria. Leal experiments with  many ways to kill bacteria, but one poison in particular  excites him: calcium hypochlorite,  a potentially lethal chemical that is better known  as chlorine. Leal's passion for public health ultimately lands him a job at a big water company. It means he's responsible for 7 billion gallons of drinking water, and it's going to enable him to put chlorine to the test in the most dramatic way possible. [ ♪♪♪ ] In 1908, the New Jersey water  company he works for is suffering from an unusually  high bacterial content in its water. It's the opportunity Leal  has been waiting for. So here's where it gets really insane. In total secrecy, without any approval from the authorities, Leal doses the drinking water supply for a city of 200,000 people with potentially lethal chlorine. To the wider world, it appears  as if John Leal is a madman, poisoning the unsuspecting  citizens of Jersey City. The public and even many  scientists are intensely hostile  to the idea of drinking water being tampered with. One notable chemist  of the time comments, "The idea itself of chemical  disinfectant is repellant." With public opinion  against him, it's a truly unbelievable risk,  but Leal sticks with his plan. [ geese calling ] Three months after his experiment, Leal gets called into court and reveals what he's done. And the judge is shocked. Here, I've got the transcript here. The judge says, "Do you drink this water?" "Yes, sir." "Habitually?" "Yes, sir." "Would you have any hesitation about giving it to your wife and family?" "I believe it is the safest water in the world." It's a bold move, but luckily for Leal, his gamble is going to pay off in a major way. [ ♪♪♪ ] The project is such a success  that within a few years the chlorination of drinking  water is rolled out throughout the U.S. This is the graph of typhoid  deaths in the U.S. Look at the point where  chlorination begins. But it's not just typhoid. In just a few years,  infant mortality in America is almost halved. But Leal's chlorination project  wasn't just saving lives. It was also transforming  how we have fun. Post-World War I,  nearly 2,000 public baths open in America, and a whole generation  of humans learns how to swim. Chlorinated pools become spaces  where the old rules of public decency fade. As costumes become smaller  and more revealing, the two-piece suit is born, and women's fashion  is revolutionized. The swimming craze will go on  to inspire over a million American homes  to install private pools in the 1960s. After droughts in southern  California in the '70s leave pools empty... kids soon discover they're  perfect environments for their skateboards, helping them develop a new  range of airborne tricks. All these developments  have roots in that huge risk taken  by John Leal, one of the 20th century's  most unlikely heroes. But the story of chlorine  isn't just a matter of giant public health  projects. It will also bring the clean revolution into the home and turn it into big business. Just a few years after Leal's breakthrough, five San Francisco entrepreneurs invest $100 each to launch a chlorine-based bleach. And it sounds like a great idea, but things don't turn out so well. [ ♪♪♪ ] The bleach is aimed  at big industry, but the sales are very poor, and the business appears  doomed. But the Clorox Chemical  Corporation, as they will call themselves,  are destined for success thanks to a bright idea  from the wife of one of the investors,  Annie Murray, and the shop she runs  in Oakland, California. People, this is -- your kitchens are disgusting. You need this product. Kills bugs dead. Annie Murray is not  one of the boys, and that means she recognizes  something that no one else  has considered: chlorine bleach can become  a revolutionary product for people's homes. Acting on her insight, Murray creates a weaker version  of the chemical and puts it in smaller bottle. The store is mostly empty now, but you could imagine in 1916, this is a bustling grocery store. And Murray is so convinced of the demand for this product that she starts giving away free samples to her customers. Please try this. It's very, very dangerous. I think this is something that you seem like you could use. Ah, business is booming! This is fantastic. And within months, bottles are flying off the shelves. Murray might not have realized it, but she has invented an entirely new industry. [ ♪♪♪ ] Annie Murray has created America's first commercial  bleach for the home. And soon, many other similar  products will be launched. On hard-to-get-at places like this, spray your cloth first, then dust. MAN: The motor is started, and now watch how each soap performs. In the 20th century,  Murray and other entrepreneurs transform ideas about  cleanliness. Now it's not just about huge  public health projects. Clean becomes truly  big business. And nowhere did the clean  business take off like it did in America. [ beeps ] I would say that the big years for convincing Americans that they needed to be really, really, really clean was the 1920s, because people were flooding into cities, men and women were working together, very close together, in offices and in factories, and they were also the ambitious ones. They were the ones who'd left the farm. In this new environment,  radio and television rapidly become popular pastims for city dwellers  with disposable incomes. Hey, get back here! Get back here! As advertising becomes  increasingly sophisticated, a new form of drama  will be produced to help sell cleaning product, something that has dominated  popular culture for almost 70 years... I don't want a baby from an adoption bureau! I want it from here! the soap opera. The soaps began to sponsor little daily serials that were, you know, hugely dramatic. Hence the term "soap operas," because they were unsung operas and always advertised by soap. I love the idea that we're still using that phrase, - soap opera. - Yeah. I mean, it was like the soap industry did such a brilliant job sponsoring shows 60, 70 years ago that we're still using the term and promoting the word "soap" in general. Thanks to the early pioneers and some pretty ingenious  marketing, today the household cleaning  product industry is worthn estimated  $80 billion. But there are some who feel  our obsession with cleanliness may now have gone too far. [ ♪♪♪ ] Some research suggests  that our ever-cleaner world may actually be linked  to increasing rates of asthma and allergies. The explosion of cleaning  products during the 20th century,  for good and for bad, has led to domestic  environments becoming cleaner than they've ever been before. But the ultraclean revolution didn't just help us keep our homes germ-free. It also helped invent something new, something we rely on every second of our lives. And it's manufactured in a room behind this door. It also happens to be one of the cleanest places on the planet. [ ripping sound ] This is a Texas Instruments  microchip fabrication plant. The chips made here  power everything from cars to planes  to microwaves. This place is a true wonder  of the modern world. Ooh, nice. To see inside this unique  environment, I have to take some extreme  precautions to make sure I don't  contaminate it in any way. If you're a visitor to the building, then you put shoe covers on. Okay, great. Thankfully, clean guru  Sharon Hudgens is leading me through  the process. So you're going to rinse your hands under the water for a few seconds, and then completely blow them dry. Okay. So I notice we didn't use any soap. Actually, a lot of soaps have fragrances in them, which is a contaminant. It would give off particles. So we're trying to eliminate particles going into the clean room. This is our first step in eliminating particles. I like that. So soap is too dirty for the clean room. - Soap is too dirty. - That's nice. So this is the hood. Right, I reverse it... That's not right. There we go. [ ♪♪♪ ] To understand why dust  can be so damaging, you need to get a sense of the scale of the chips  produced here. A human hair measures  about 100 microns across. A single cell of skin  is about 30 microns. A cholera bacterium  is 3 microns. The intricate pathways and  transistors on a microchip can measure less than a tenth  of a single micron. A speck of household dust landing on one of these  delicate silicon wafers would be comparable  to Mt. Everest landing in the streets  of Manhattan. And that is why clean  is so vitally important here. So this is really what this is all about, right? This is a wafer. It's in an even cleaner space here, right? That is correct. And this is what we're trying to achieve. This is a wafer, and there are thousands of individual microchips on that wafer. You can sort of see them individually, but it's difficult. So in a way, the whole digital revolution that we celebrate that's bringing the world together can only happen because we're able to think about cleanliness on the level of microns, not on the level of the planet. That's correct. And it's taken us a long time to figure out everything we need to do to make sure we're as clean as we can be. [ ♪♪♪ ] Being able to master clean  at the smallest scale has transformed our world. But the roots of all this  stem from a simple desire almost 200 years ago to keep our city streets  free of dirt. Standing here in the clean room, I can't help but think of the sewers. In a way, it's really the two poles of human inventiveness, right? To be able to build the modern world, we had to create this incredibly disgusting space that we isolated from everyday life. And at the same time, to make the digital revolution, we had to create this hyperclean place and also isolate everyone from it. And we never get to visit these environments. We never really see them. We don't even think about them. But without this kind of environment and without the incredible dirt and disgust of the sewer, modern life wouldn't be possible. [ ♪♪♪ ] Bit by bit, clean technologies  have transformed our world. But the story of clean  has really only just begun. Every year, millions of people  die needlessly as a result of not having access to clean,  safe drinking water. It's one of the great tragedies  of the modern world. Bringing the benefits of clean  water to every human on Earth is one of the great challenges  of the 21st century. Developing ways  to keep things clean has allowed cities to flouris. And that's important,  because these places are some of our most creative  spaces, environments that drive  new innovation as ideas and cultures collide. When clean pioneer John Snow  was born, little more than 2% of humans  lived in cities. Today more than half of us do. We have become a species  of city dwellers. The urbanization of the planet would've never happened without the ideas and technologies that made our cities clean. The people behind that revolution didn't become rich or famous, but look around at a modern, thriving, dynamic city today, and it's clear that they, as much as anyone, invented the modern world. [ horn blows ] In the next episode, I'm looking at the strange  and surprising story of time. From mavericks to madmen... One magazine goes so far as to call him "the lunatic of Boston." these are the men and women  who transformed time and changed the world  in ways you'd never imagine. Every second counts as a departure controller. So I probably shouldn't check Facebook while I'm in the middle of this? 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 