How We Got to Now: Season 1, Episode 3 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 How We Got to Now 
 s1e3 - Glass - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 How We Got to Now (2014–…): Season 1, Episode 3 - Glass - full transcript 
 The invention of the mirror gives rise to the Renaissamce; glass lenses reveal worlds within worlds worlds; glass is essential; for communication in the deep ocean; glass lens allows millions to watch a man walk on the moon. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Imagine a world without glass. We'd be living in dark, windowless homes. Those of us who need spectacles would spend our lives struggling to see the world in focus. There's be no microscopes, no telescopes, no movie cameras, and worst of all for me right now, no TV screens. It's kind of crazy that  something as ordinary as glass has been instrumental in the greatest revolutions  in science. It's thanks to people like  the British physics teacher 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 who liked to fire crossbows... The strange physical properties of glass would open up a whole new world of possibilities. and the electrician  who used glass to bring a vision  to the whole of humanity. The existing technologies were useless on the surface of the moon. Neil Armstrong: Tranquility Base here. The Eagle has landed. These are classic examples of the kind of people who actually made the modern world. People you've probably never heard of. [ ♪♪♪ ] These were hobbyists,  garage inventors, 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 and obsessive tinkerers. Ordinary people  doing extraordinary things. The discovery of the amazing properties of glass set in motion a surprising chain reaction of ideas. From art and our understanding  of the universe, to food production,  combating disease, and global communication, I'm going to show how all these apparently  unconnected worlds are linked through the inventions of  the unsung heroes of glass. I'm Steven Johnson. I write about ideas and innovation, and this is the untold story of How We Got to Now. How We Got to Now  was made possible in part by the Corporation  for Public Broadcasting and by contributions  to your PBS station from... [ ♪♪♪ ] Glass is so familiar  to us today we might not realize  it performs a million different roles. It's on our laptops,  inside our phones, on our faces, and we drive  around in it. We have such a love affair  with glass, we encase ourselves in it. Over 50 million tons a year are produced of this kind of flat glass, most of it for construction. And a building like this is basically 40 stories of glass. It's a nightmare to keep clean. Oh, did you guys think I was actually outside? No, I've got this harness on in case I trip and accidentally spill my drink. Glass is resistant to heat,  cold, water, and high winds and can withstand  extreme pressure, as much as that created  by 100,000 elephants. [ elephant trumpets ] Glass is a beautiful and robust material. It's the ultimate architectural decoration. And because of its extraordinary properties, we now live in these cathedrals of glass. [ ♪♪♪ ] Our lives are completely  dependent on this wonder material, yet it's made from one  of the most simple and common resources  on our planet: sand. Thousands of years ago, our ancestors figured out that if you heated sand at extremely high temperatures, it would cause the individual grains to fuse together, creating glass. Many people at the time thought that glass had magical properties. Many ancient civilizations  had the ability to make ornate glass items,  but it came out opaque, often colored, and you could  barely see through it. But figuring out how to make  truly clear transparent glass would change the course  of history. It's a story whose roots lie  in a time of extreme violence. And it played out here:  Venice, Italy. From the early 13th century, a whole generation  of glassmakers arrive here, fleeing from the battles  being fought in Turkey during the time  of the Crusades. While the Venetians like the promise of exquisite glassware, there's a problem. The city is overpopulated, and its buildings are almost entirely made out of wood, which turns out to be a little bit of an issue when your business revolves around blazing furnaces. [ ♪♪♪ ] So in 1291,  the local authorities force all the glassmakers onto  the nearby island of Murano. While the Venetians  want the furnaces away from their wooden homes, the glass brings money  into the city. [ cash register chimes ] They're keen to keep any  trade secrets from escaping, so the government passes  a second, more shocking law. In a pretty Draconian turn, the new law forbids the glassmakers from ever leaving Venice, threatening them with the death penalty if they do. All the master glassmakers  are forced to live and work together on Murano, unable to leave  for fear of their lives. This inadvertently creates  a cluster of expertise, turning Murano into a center  of innovation. When we think about invention, we tend to talk about it in terms of the single heroic inventor -- Graham Bell with his telephone, Edison with the phonograph or the light bulb -- but the truth is the most important innovations are collaborative in nature. Ideas are shared and discussed and built upon. [ ♪♪♪ ] Economists call this  information spillover. Pack people together, and ideas have  a natural tendency to flow from mind to mind. It's in this innovation  hothouse that a maverick glassmaker called Angelo Barovier  enters the story. He would create  a brand-new type of glass, and, in doing so,  change the world forever. I've managed to track down  one of his descendants, Rosa Barovier. Your family has been here an incredibly long amount of time. Certainly, the Baroviers were living and working in Murano in the beginning of the 14th century. Do you think there was an advantage in clustering all of the glassmakers together in this small space? Yes, every new idea very quickly spread all over the town. You have this mix of competition between the individuals; there's a lot of sharing and collaboration at the same time. They all are relatives, so they exchange knowledge, ideas, but in the same time, they want to be the best. [ tower bells chiming ] Barovier is a tinkerer and a perfectionist, and like many of us, he likes experimenting with stuff. He doesn't want to make the usual cloudy glass. He wants to make the clearest glass possible. And so he devotes his life to doing just that. Before, there was the so-called "white glass," but it was not pure, so Angelo attended some lessons of a famous philosopher. He meant more like as a scientist at that point. If you're trying to be an innovator, you don't go to philosophy classes. An alchemist, eh? So he learned the methods of alchemists to prepare raw materials. [ ♪♪♪ ] Inspired by the alchemist,  Barovier starts to experiment. Now, it might sound strange,  but glassmakers would often add burnt plants  to the molten sand mix to try to remove impurities. Barovier tries out a plant  called saltwort that he imports from Syria,  hundreds of miles away. Barovier takes the plant, burns it, and purifies the ashes to extract minerals fromt, and when he mixethis into the molten mix of the glass, it creates this: the clearest glass the world has ever seen. He calls it "cristallo" because it resembles the clearest of quartz crystals. It's the birth of modern glass. It might seem like  a small improvement, but Barovier's transparent,  colorless glass triggers a revolution  that spreads around the world. [ ♪♪♪ ] [ exhaling ] It makes greenhouses  possible. Transparent glass houses  allowed fruit and vegetables from the Mediterranean to be grown in colder climates. That revolutionizes our diet, saving many from  malnourishment. But there's more. With the creation of glass  flasks and test tubes, our understanding of chemistry  explodes, and that drives  a revolution in science. And then there's the production  of giant windows. The immense glass skyscrapers  of the modern city owe a debt of gratitude  to Barovier and the glassmakers  of Murano. [ ♪♪♪ ] With ideas and techniques  passed down through the generations, today, Murano is still  an innovation powerhouse. Davide Salvadore  is a 12th-generation master glassmaker. So how long have you been doing this? [ speaking in Italian ] TRANSLATOR: I started working in a furnace when I was 10 years old, so I think I've got quite used to glass. We love each other. How much do you -- do you learn from other people on Murano who are your competitors? Do you share techniques, or are you pretty much competitive with them? I have probably learned more in the evenings drinking a glass of wine with the old masters and chatting to them than actually working. I love thinking about that there's 1,000 years of expertise that's been built up. The kind of craftsmanship that's been stored here in this space on Murano, we get to see it at work. How long does it take to become a master glassmaker? A lifetime. And maybe it is not enough. [ ♪♪♪ ] The creation of crystal-clear  glass wasn't just to make fancy  chandeliers or vases. By looking through  this magical material, innovators would revolutionize  the way we see the world and our understanding  of our place in the universe. [ ♪♪♪ ] It all starts with a cry  for help. In the churches and monasteries  of medieval Europe, aging clergymen  are finding it hard to read their sacred scriptures. It's glass that comes  to their aid. Now, at the time, curved chunks of glass were known for their magical ability to magnify the world. People would take these glass orbs and run them along the page to enlarge the words. And it actually does work! That's amazing. Unfortunately, I can't read Latin. [ ♪♪♪ ] Depending on its shape  and thickness, glass has a natural ability  to bend light and magnify the world. While these glass orbs helped the poor-sighted clerics with their reading,  they aren't that practical when walking around. What was needed  was a new innovation. We don't know exactly when or where it happened, but at some point, glassmakers started experimenting with shaping the glass into these small discs, and they called them, in Italian, "discs for the eyes." And they would put them in these two frames, and they would join the frames together at the top, and the result would be the world's first spectacles. [ ♪♪♪ ] Now, while you might imagine  people would be crying out for these new eyesight  accessories, for some time, spectacles remain  a bit of a secret. By the turn of the 14th century, talk of spectacles is all the rage in the corridors of cathedrals and monasteries throughout Europe, but your average medieval villager hasn't even heard of this newfangled device, much less tried on a pair. Life for them is still mostly a blur, particularly in old age. It's one of those cases where a technology exists, it just isn't widely distributed yet. For spectacles to explode  onto the global mass market, it would take an innovation in a completely unrelated  field. It may sound odd --  and bear with me here -- but the story of how spectacles  go mainstream actually kicks off  in the vineyards and wineries of medieval Europe. In the mid-1400s, there's a guy in Germany who has what he thinks is a really great idea. He wants to explore a completely new use for an ancient piece of technology, the grape press, used by winemakers for thousands of years. Only he's got a problem: he's a bit strapped for cash, but he manages to persuade some investors to back his project, kind of like the start-up funding we have today. But the idea still sounds strange. He wants to take a machine designed to press grapes, modify it a little, and start printing bibles. [ ♪♪♪ ] That man is  Johannes Gutenberg. This is a great example  of someone adapting an existing technology  to create a new innovation in a totally different field. Gutenberg takes  the basic architecture of the grape press,  breaks it down, adds in moveable typefaces, and creates a printing machine, one of the greatest inventions  in the history of humanity. Suddenly we are able  to mass-produce books, and that opens doors  to the spread of knowledge across a wide audience, not just of religion,  but of brand-new ideas, from political manifestos  and scientific theories to fiction, poetry,  and even pornography. But Gutenberg's printing press has an additional unexpected  consequence that's crucial to the story of how glass changed our lives. As reading becomes widespread, people suddenly start realizing that their vision isn't all that good. I mean, up until that point, you didn't have that many times in your life when you had to stare at something that close to your eyes. But with the appearance of books and pamphlets, all of a sudden, all over Europe, people are staring at tiny letters on a page. The invention of the printed book creates a surge in demand for spectacles. [ ♪♪♪ ] Glasses immediately improve  the lives of millions. Literacy levels go up,  empowering people to think for themselves. And failing eyesight  could now be remedied, allowing people to work  well into old age. With the addition of bars  that hooked your spectacles over your ears,  today glasses have become a way of expressing  your identity. [ laughs ] Gai Gherardi is one  of Hollywood's most celebrated eyewear designers. Was there a point in more recent times when glasses really became part of fashion? The classic story is that men don't make passes at girls who wear glasses, so something happened there to bring glasses into a comfort level that they could somehow be an accessory to your beauty rather than this sort of deterrent. Not only they take away all of your sex appeal, but they would give you some! Now it's become this space -- a sense of kind of playfulness, of creativity where you're expressing yourself by the design of these glasses. It has the ability to transform a face more than anything. You can have, instantly, a little facelift, you can be given a hairline if you don't have hair, you can elongate your nose you can give yourself full lips by putting on a pair of glasses. [ ♪♪♪ ] Ironically, glasses today  are actually more likely to be made of plastic, but the iginal  glass spectacle lenses play another significant role  in our lives and sit at the heart of a completely different set  of innovations. Back in the 16th century, something profound is about to happen. The convergence of quality glass, the printing press, books, and a growing expertise in making lenses will unlock a new door in the history of ideas. [ ♪♪♪ ] Spectacle makers across Europe start experimenting  with their lenses. They stumble upon  brand-new uses that would extend our vision to see previously invisible  worlds. In the 1590s, in a small town called Middelburg in the Netherlands, a father and son team of lens makers called Hans and Zacharias Janssen start playing around with their lenses. Only instead of putting them side by side the way you would with a pair of glasses, they line them up like this. And when you do that, they discover that they can see tiny objects much larger than you would with an unaided eye. They invent the microscope. [ ♪♪♪ ] Thanks to the Janssens and the magnifying properties  of glass lenses, we could now see down into  the world of the very small: the discovery  of microscopic animals, individual cells,  single-celled organisms, and the smallest life on earth,  bacteria. According to microbiologist  Professor Steven Ruzin, the microscope played  a significant role in our understanding  of disease. Science is really driven by our instruments, and prior to this, the scientists at the time were limited by what they can see. Microscopes for about 100 years were really difficult to use. They saw the bacteria, but they were blurry, and they didn't know what they were. At this point here, from, say, 1820s or so on, scientists could see bacteria really well, and then that's when the great study of the cell theory, the bacterial cause of diseases -- So effectively the ability to see these invisible creatures with real clarity then sets up whole new ways - of understanding the world. - Exactly. Microscopes like this allowed the scientists to look at bacteria and to now start really moving forward in the actual science of studying bacteria and, of course, the bacterial cause of diseases and so on and so forth. [ ♪♪♪ ] The invention of the microscope  opens the door to the creation of antiseptics,  antibiotics, and vaccines, completely transforming  our ability to combat disease. But simple glass lenses  had more to offer those curious enough  to tinker with them. They would help extend  our vision to see further  than ever before. About 20 years after the invention of the microscope, just down the road, in the same small Dutch town, another spectacle maker called Hans Lippershey is watching kids play with his lenses. They claim to see something magical in them, and when he looks through the lenses, he sees faraway objects appear to be so close you can almost touch them. The telescope is born. [ ♪♪♪ ] [ squeaking ] So both the microscope  and telescope are invented by two different lens makers  from the same town. Glass now opens our eyes  to worlds beyond our world. As inventions go, glass is one of the most  transformative materials ever created, and it helps us understand  the unpredictable yet wonderful way  that innovation works. Someone uses a grape press  to publish bibles, which makes people realize  that they have poor eyesight. That in turn opens the door  for a market for lenses, which opens the door  to a scientific revolution that not only saves lives, it transforms our understanding  of the universe. In the 19th and 20th centuries, the lens would once again take a giant leap in changing society. And as with so many innovations, it revolved around a simple idea: you take a lens, you bolt it onto a box, and you use the lens to focus an image on light-sensitive material. It's the invention of the camera. [ clicks ] [ ♪♪♪ ] With cameras, we could now  capture a moment in time. By capturing a series  of images, we create a movie. And with innovations  in electronics, we could now transmit  a live image, giving birth to television. In the late 1960s, one man would create a new kind of camera to share the most astonishing vision with the whole of humanity, and it all hinged on the humble glass lens. MAN OVER RADIO: Okay, all flight controllers, going to go for landing. - Retro? - Go. - Guidance? - Go. NEIL ARMSTRONG: Tranquility Base here. - The Eagle has landed. - MAN: Roger, Tranquility. Landing Neil and Buzz on the surface of the moon was an amazing technological achievement, obviously. But I'm interested in something else. How in the world did NASA share that moment live with 600 million people, a fifth of the population of the planet at that point? The answer to that question involves a network of innovators and one of history's great unsung heroes. [ ♪♪♪ ] For the first time, man is about to set foot on the moon's surface. Electrical engineer Stan Lebar leads the Apollo TV Lunar  Camera Project. He's asked to create  a TV camera that would broadcast  live pictures from the moon, but he faces many challenges. In the late '60s there were small cameras, but they all used film, which had to be developed. You couldn't shoot a live image with it. And the video cameras that were used for live television were huge -- they were the size of a fridge. So the existing technologies were useless on the surface of the moon. Lebar would have to invent something completely new. [ ♪♪♪ ] Lebar and his team pioneer  new integrated circuitry to help shrink the electronic. The camera itself  is made to run on just 7 watts of power, the same as a single  Christmas tree light bulb. The team add state-of-the-art  thermal shielding to withstand extreme  temperatures on the lunar surface, and they invent a new mechanim to cope with the massive change  in lighting conditions. But at the heart of it all  is a simple glass lens. It's fitting, really,  that this amazing material that had extended our vision  in so many ways would give us our first  live image from another heavenly body. MAN: The opening I ought to have on the camera... At 0239 Universal Time,  Armstrong opens the hatch and activates the camera. ARMSTRONG: Roger, TV circuit breakers in... At Mission Control, Lebar is nervously watching the monitor. He later wrote about it: "Two seconds after the turn-on command was given, I saw a pulse on the monitor, and I thought, 'It looks like it's going to work.'" ARMSTRONG: That's one small step for man, one giant leap for mankind. All over the planet, people  stare at their TVs as this moment in history  plays out live in their living rooms. The image quality isn't quite as good as they had hoped, but no one really cares. At this defining moment, thanks to Stan Lebar and his team of innovators, we watch a live transmission from another heavenly body. For the first time, the whole world simultaneously shares a single vision. [ ♪♪♪ ] Glass may have begun  as an ancient curiosity, but through the innovation  of clear glass and the glass lens, it brought our lives into focus  and extended our vision. This was the moment  humanity stopped and stared, and it was only possible  rough a glass lens. But the story of glass doesn't end there. While glass's magical properties allowed us to bend and focus light, glass turned out to have another transformative power. [ ♪♪♪ ] Stepping back in time again  to 16th-century Italy, a separate innovation in glass ran parallel to the widespread  use of the lens. Using new techniques  in metalwork, another simple glass device  is created, one with wide-reaching  emotional and psychological effects. Mirrors have been around for thousands of years, but they suffered from a distorted, colored image. But then glassmakers hit upon a way of radically improving their quality, and this changed the way we see ourselves. They work out how to coat  their crystal-clear glass with a shiny mixture  of tin and mercury. Today, the toxic mercury  has been replaced with silver, but at the time, it creates  a bright, clear mirror unlike any seen before. Imagine being able to see  your own reflection for the very first time. People became obsessed  with it, especially the artists  of the Renaissance. The great Leonardo da Vinci mentions mirrors several times in his notebooks. Fittingly, he wrote backwards using mirror writing: "The mirror ought to be taken as a guide," he writes. "If you know how to compose your picture, it will also seem a natural thing seen in a great mirror." The bright, clear mirrors  open the artists' eyes to new ways of understanding  their bodies and the world around them. Aided by the mirror, for the first time, artists are able to paint incredibly detailed paintings of themselves. Six hundred years before the invention of the camera phone, Renaissance masters invent the selfie, and art and philosophy during this time takes a dramatic turn inward. [ ♪♪♪ ] At Cambridge University,  Professor Alan MacFarlane has been studying  the role mirrors played in radically changing humanit. Well, the mirror invented the Renaissance. I mean, Leonardo said, "The mirror is the master of painters." Leonardo himself couldn't have painted his paintings without the mirror, and the invention of modern perspective was done on the steps of the Duomo in Florence by Brunelleschi using a mirror and seeing what he had to paint looking in the mirror, not looking at the thing he was painting. Without that accuracy and reality of seeing the world, you then couldn't have had modern science. So the mirror is the basis. It doesn't force any of these things, but it allows them. [ ♪♪♪ ] Outside of the painters'  studios, ordinary people could now see  themselves for the first time, to see what they looked like  as individuals. The impact on society  couldn't be more profound. When you have an artistic transformation like that, what are the psychological effects? You could see yourself away from other people. You began to psychologically have yourself as the center of the universe. It changes politics, for example: a much more individualistic, democratic idea of us as in charge of our destiny. And so you thought of yourself as the center of the universe in relation to God, the state, law, economics; you were the ruler of your own world. [ ♪♪♪ ] Glass mirrors may have been  the catalyst for our rational sense of self,  but back in the 1500s, they were such an amazing  innovation, some people believed  they possessed magical powers. They even get used in  a curious religious escapade. During a holy pilgrimage, well-to-do pilgrims would bring a mirror with them, and they would try and see a reflection of a sacred relic. Then they would bring the mirror back home and boast to their friends and relatives that they had captured an image of the sacred scene. Centuries later,  the use of mirrors to capture wondrous visions will prove to have a much more  scientific application. To see what it is,  I've come to one of the most exceptional  places on our planet Up here, the glass mirror  sits at the zenith of human innovation  and plays a critical role in pushing the boundaries  of science. This is Mauna Kea  on Hawaii's Big Island. Rising over 13,700 feet  from sea level, it's a place of incredible  volcanic landscapes and splendid isolation. You really feel as if you've left Earth. This does not seem like a familiar landscape at all. It looks more like you're on Mars. It's incredible up here. It really takes your breath away. I mean, it literally takes your breath away. I mean, the air is very thin, it's very hard to breathe. But what a vista! I mean, I'm here because, in a lot of ways, this is the culmination of the journey that started 500 years ago. A journey that began  when artisans first created those clear, bright  glass mirrors. This is really the pinnacle of the extension of human vision. And I'm here to see these guys. [ ♪♪♪ ] These are the famous  Keck telescopes, the largest pair of optical  telescopes on the planet. These leviathans are helping  scientists unravel the mysteries  of the universe. But they're different from those first telescopes invented in a Dutch spectacle shop. Telescopes had always relied on glass lenses to do their magic, but as the lenses got bigger, they ran into their limitations. Big lenses are hard to support and they introduce distortions in the light, and so to extend our vision, we had to come up with a new technique, that old standby of magicians everywhere: the mirror. It doesn't even look like a telescope, right? I mean, it looks like a death ray or something. It's amazing. Most people think about telescopes as this tube-like thing, you know, that has an eye piece on one end, maybe a lens on the other end, and you look through it. In fact, virtually no research is done in that way anymore. If you want to learn something about stars or galaxies or whatever, so many of these things are so faint, you need to collect as much starlight as possible. So this thing, as you can see, is immense. Each telescope has 36  giant hexagonal mirrors that work together as a single vast 32-foot  reflective canvas. Incoming starlight is bounced  up to a second mirror, then focused down  to be captured in a set of instruments. These huge, precisely  engineered mirrors allow scientists to probe  and explore the universe with their feet safely  on terra firma. But despite their size,  on some nights the performance  of the telescope to capture pin-sharp images  can be less than optimal. When light comes down from distant stars, as it passes through the atmosphere, distortions can appear in the image, making it blurrier than it should be. So the question is, how can you fix that? The solution once again  revolves around a mirror. It's called adaptive optics. In a scene straight out  of Star Wars, laser beams are fired  into the sky to measure the air turbulence that can distort incoming  starlight. Any distortion  is then corrected using a computer controlled  flexible mirror. So once you've figured the turbulence out, how do you actually then correct the image? So that's done with a deformable mirror, which is exactly what it sounds like. It's a mirror that the surface of it changes shape. - It's kind of a bendy glass. - Yes, exactly. - That's amazing. - Yeah. And when you get the end result, how much clearer is it? I mean, is it a really distinct difference? It's an astonishing difference, actually. It's sort of like if you have -- if you're really nearsighted, and so everything's all blurry, and then you put on a pair of glasses, and then everything becomes crisp. It's like that. So what you're basically saying is this is like putting a pair of spectacles on that giant telescope there. More or less, yeah. These giant telescopes  can now capture the sharpest, clearest images  seen from Earth, and it's all thanks to mirror. [ ♪♪♪ ] Watching those shutters open, it almost feels like a sacred ritual, right? The sun sets, and we open our eyes slowly to the cosmos. But of course, this is a temple of science. I mean, think of all the technological innovations, thousands of them, that had to come together to make this incredible machine possible. People flock here  from all over the world to worship at these sentinels  to scientific innovation. And like all truly  transformative inventions, these telescopes are not built  from the ideas of one person, but show the power  of group collaboration, ideas built on ideas  that have gone before. When human beings first started exploring the power of mirrors to capture an image, that power seemed almost supernatural. And standing here looking at these telescopes, it's not hard to have the same feeling, because the light traveling from the stars that these telescopes capture, that light has traveled for billions of years, which means that when we gaze through these telescopes, we are looking into the distant past. We've not just extended our vision into space, we've also extended our vision back through time. From clear glass to lenses  to mirrors, glass has completely  transformed the way we see the world  around us, but the story doesn't end  there. [ ♪♪♪ ] Glass has such  diverse properties, it provides a wide platform  for diverse innovations. One extraordinary creation that would go on to transform  the construction industry came about through the most  unlikely set of circumstances. In the 19th century, scientists and engineers are investigating new techniques to harness the amazing properties of glass. One of these pioneers is a slightly crazy physicist named Charles Vernon Boys. He's interested in some of glass's more subtle properties, but unlike the other scientists, in his experiments, the primary tool he uses is a crossbow. Charles Vernon Boys  was apparently a pretty lousy physics teache. One of his pupils  was sci-fi author H.G. Wells, who said Boys was, quote,  "one of the worst teachers who ever turned his back  on a restive audience." What Boys lacked  in teaching ability he made up for in his gift for designing scientific  instruments. This would lead him  to harness a peculiar attribute of glass. In 1887, as part of his physics experiments, Boys wants to use a fine shard of glass to measure the effects of delicate physical forces on objects. He has this idea that he can use a thin glass fiber as a balance arm, but first he has to make one. [ ♪♪♪ ] Boys builds a special crossbow  and creates lightweight bolts. To one end of a bolt  he attaches a glass rod with sealing wax. The glass rod is then heated  until it softens... and then he fires  the crossbow. As the bolt flies across  the room, it pulls out a thin strand  from the blob of molten glass. These narrow glass fibers e  perfect for Boys' experiments, but they would also be used for a completely different  purpose. Once again, the strange physical properties of glass would open up a whole new world of possibilities. The fact that glass could be made into these long, thin, durable fibers would have a dramatic impact on our lives. would be used to create a revolutionary new material: fiberglass. [ ♪♪♪ ] By mixing the fibers of glass  with plastic resin, fiberglass provides a bendy  yet strong material to build with,  and this unleashes a world of innovations. Fiberglass revolutionizes  the boating industry. It's used to make everything  from dinghies to surfboards to multimillion-dollar yachts. It's also shaped into  the blades of wind turbines, driving the rise of wind powe, which changes the face  of alternative energy. And without fiberglass, we wouldn't have computer  circuit boards, which sit at the heart  of every computer and mobile phone we use today. [ ♪♪♪ ] Now, in the final chapter  of glass, it's a different property of those ultrathin glass fibers that would radically transform  the 21st century by helping to create  the global village. The innovation  I'm talking about lies mostly hidden from view. To see it, I'm being taken  to a secret location in the English Channel. Out here at sea, deep below us on the ocean floor, information is flowing: email, phone calls, financial data connecting continents and countries. And all of that information flows through glass. [ ♪♪♪ ] In the mid-1960s,  the global telephone network was failing under  increasing demand. Engineers in the UK  wanted to replace the old copper wire system with a brand-new way to send  and receive phone calls. Two British-based scientists, Charles Kao and George Hockham, come up with an idea that data could be sent  as pulses of light, but what they needed  was a vessel for the light  to travel through. And that's what  an American company called Corning  comes up with: a new type of freakishly  clear glass that cou carry light  for miles. It's a match made  in heaven. This is what they came up with: fiber optics. They basically took the ultra-clear glass that Corning had developed, and they spun it out into these long fibers. And they could take pulses of light and send them down the fibers, encoding information that would travel immense distances at immense speeds with almost no data loss. To keep these systems  operational 24/7, ships like this  are always on standby to maintain and repair  the cables. But it's not an easy job. So what's the plan for today? Okay, so we've got this fault on the cable which has been caused by something, we're not quite sure what, so we need to send the remote operated vehicle, the ROV, down onto the seabed to try and locate that fault so we can later pick it up. [ ♪♪♪ ] The repair company  has detailed maps of where the cables should be  lying on the sea floor, but cables can move,  particularly if caught by a trawler net  or a ship's anchor. We've launched the ROV, and now we're going to go and track the cable and check out where the fault in the cable is. So we need to use the ROV to unbury the cable, and then it has manipulators on it which can cut and hold the cable and then pass that line back to the ship so we can recover the cable onboard. So you can bring it back up and do a little surgery on it, get things going -- We've got a few things to do on that cable before it goes back in. The faulty cable is recovered, and they cut through  the outer armored sheath to get at the fiber optics  inside. To repair a fault, they simply splice in  a new leng of glass fiber. CONNOR: So we're currently preparing the fibers by cleaning them in an ultrasonic bath to get r of any contaminants, and then following that process, it goes into a cleaver. So the cleaver is to give a 90-degree cut, so a very fine cut to the end of the fiber. And once it's cleaved, it's ready to go into the fusion splicer. So if you'd like to carry on the splice? I get to try the fusion splicing? That sounds dangerous, doesn't it? Okay, so hit the "set" button, always the green button. Okay, "set" button, yeah. The fusion splicer is making the alignments on the two fibers... - That's it. - That's done? I just pressed one button. [ Johnson chuckles ] I could do this all day long! All right, now we can see there's the fiber, and it's perfectly fused together there. I did an extremely good job. Now, this thing is incredibly thin. How much data could this carry? Well, in terms of voice calls on a system like this, a fiber pair -- so that and its partner -- about 15 to 20 million voice calls. This tiny little thread. [ ♪♪♪ ] The old copper cables  have all but been replaced by fiber optics, fueling  a telecommunications industry now worth $2.1 trillion. What began by heating sand  to create a brand-new material now lies at the heart  of global communications. Think about it: every time you send an email or do a web search, it ultimately takes the form of light traveling through glass. This may be the most unlikely chapter in the history of this amazing material. The global village is woven together by threads of glass. [ ♪♪♪ ] Before fiber optics,  the Internet couldn't handle large amounts of data --  it was all based on text. But once glass opened the door  to fast and fat data sharing, it drove a cultural shift  so great it would define  the modern world. A key player  in that transformation was Caterina Fake. In 2004, Fake's pioneering  Internet company was developing an online  multiplayer game. Little did she know  where it would lead. We had built a game, it was called Game Neverending. The development on that failed -- we ran out of money -- and so we had this late-night, harebrained idea to start a photo-sharing site. So what we did was we took all of our knowledge and everything that we understood about how people shared and how they interact and all of the connections and sociality that happened on the platform and applied photos. They come up with  the first interactive online photo sharing site:  Flickr. So we're all familia with social networks today with Facebook, et cetera, but in those days, those were not associated with imagery. The magic ingredient was photographs, because photographs are -- they're easy to take, they're easy to share, they cross language barriers, they are -- they tell a story. So when you add a social network to photographs, this whole other thing happens. Fake's innovation did more than just give us the ability  to share images. It changed the way we now share  our lives with others. The assumption that ideas or images want to be shared, that was a profound moment. There are a lot of reasons for sharing. Some of them are what I call social peacocking, where you're like, "Oh, check me out, I'm living a cool life, I'm an impressive person." But I think that there's much more altruistic reasons for sharing, and I think that it's very much built into, you know, who we are as people. [ ♪♪♪ ] Flickr popularizes the idea of instantly sharing photos  over the Internet. And in the last decade,  a perfect storm of glass innovations  has come together. By placing a glass lens in our  Internet-linked smartphones, sharing photos has now  become second nature. I can take a picture with my camera phone here in Venice, [ shutter clicks ] upload it to Twitter, ask my friends to pass it along, and watch what happens. Within seconds, my photo  of Italy is seen by people all over the world. An image taken through  a glass lens, transmitted by glass fibers,  viewed on glass screens. [ ♪♪♪ ] This ability has once again changed the way we see  and experience the world. Camera phones are central to the rise of citizen  journalism, they've been used to instigate  political uprisings, to document life,  drive the news headlines, or simply to say,  "I was there." The ability to share images, share a vision of the world, used to belong almost exclusively to the big media companies and the newspapers and the television networks. But now it belongs to all of us. [ ♪♪♪ ] Glass has transformed  the way we see and understand the world. It has broadened our experience  of humanity. Someone invents a new way to manipulate light using glass, and then someone tinkers with it to turn it into spectacles, and someone tinkers with that to turn it into a telescope or a photograph, and all of those inventions stack up and combine and take new forms. We are now able to see  in focus, to see ourselves, to see the invisible,  to see beyond our world, and to share our vision  with others. All these ideas build on each other, and along the way, we invent a whole new way of seeing. In the next episode,  I explore how artificial light came from the craziest  of sources. They put a kid inside the whale's head? Right. From a social reformer who illuminates the plight  of the poor to a sci-fi fan's  experiment with gases... He decides to pass a current of electricity through them. illuminating our world  revolutionized how we live in ways we would never expect. How We Got to Now  was made possible in part by the Corporation  for Public Broadcasting and by contributions  to your PBS station from... [ ♪♪♪ ] To learn more about How We Got to Now, visit us on the web  at... How We Got to Now  is available on DVD. A companion book  is also available. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 