Hannah Montana: Season 3, Episode 1 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Hannah Montana 
 s3e1 - He Ain't a Hottie, He's My Brother - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Hannah Montana (2006–2011): Season 3, Episode 1 - He Ain't a Hottie, He's My Brother - full transcript 
 Miley dreams that Lily and Jackson are in love, but when she tells Lily, Miley discovers that maybe her dream wasn't so far from reality. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 I've never been so happy! - Well then prepare to be ecstatic! - Eeep! Aarrrgh! I have got to stop sneaking daddy's pork rinds before bed. Oh... - Miley!! - Aarrgh! Oh great, you're up! You know, if you didn't have that whole Miley-Hannah thing over me, bang zoom! Yeah yeah! I'm shaking in my boots Speaking of which, I can't wait to wear these tomorrow on the Mack and Micky in the morning show Cause this is gonna be so awesome! 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Hannah Montana and her peeps to keep her grounded, eep I'm a peep! Did you put extra sugar on your sugar crunchies again? Just a little bit, I'm so excited, I barely slept last night That makes 2 of us I had a dream that you would not believe, you were about to kiss... I can't even say it... Who was I about to kiss? Jackson, blaaa!!! Why aren't you blaaaing with me? - Well... - Well... is not a option You either blaa or errr, pick one! But... I kinda like him Jackson lovin' freak of nature say what? S03E01: He Ain't A Hottie, He's My Brother 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Initial Edit By: VeRdiKT [Subscene.com] Jackson is kina cute Lilly, that is crazy! You always found him completely repulsive! That's one of the things i loved most about you I was only doing that because of you! Inside I was always thinking... something else! Hey, you wanna hear my inner thoughts? Lilly, boing! - Why didn't you tell me? - I didn't tell you because I knew I'd get a... boing! Don't you boing and walk away from me? Get back here! Wow! You do not wanna go in there. Oh come on! Stop that! Oliver, tell her how ridiculous this is Miley, can you tell the sun not to rise in the morning? I mean, can you tell a wave not to crash on the shore? You been watching soap operas again? No, no it's... my grandma came in town, she's visiting and... She um... Ok! Storm and Erica just came out of their duel coma and I had to find out if they remember their passion for each other. And they did! Yea! Hey, um Oliver what are you doing tomorrow? Are you kidding? I'm one of your peeps on the Mack and Mickey in the morning show Damn it, I did invite you Oh are you lost little guy? Huh? Let's go find your mommy, yes we will - Hey everybody - Hi Lilly, please, Lord Voldermort would look cute with the puppy, snap out of it! You know this is all your fault anyway, you're the one who had that stupid dream! I was perfectly happy crushing in silence and stealing hair off the brush when no one was looking What? And by what, I mean ew! Ok look, Lilly, what I think Miley is trying to say is that: You know everybody crushes on someone who doesn't like them back You just gotta suck it up, and you gotta move on Look I'm sorry, but getting rejected by the entire girl softball team it stings a little bit! Come on Oliver you didn't get rejected by the entire softball team! - Lilly, they hired a skywriter. - Ooh! Well... we don't know that Jackson doesn't like me back And... if you did know, he didn't like you back, could you move on that someone, oh, I don't know... human? Well I guess I have to... - Alright, let's go talk to him - What? No no no no no! That's a terrible idea! You know there are certain things in life a girl just have to do alone You go talk to him and tell me what he says Ok fine but don't get your hopes up For he to like you back he would have to have taste depth and intelligence We're talking about a guy who once ate the farmer's jam jar. Robby Stewart? That would be me. Hey first, tell me what you think of this. ? I'm super cute super hot I'm the girl you like a lot I'm super, super girl I'm super, super girl What do you think? I think you're super super weird. The gardener loved it! Hey Mile, I got your information for the Mack and Mickey show tomorrow. Limo's picking you up by seven. Have you seen Jackson? I need to find him and tell him that Lilly's crushing on him. She is? Well I just think that's adorable! Am I the only one that remembers the jam jar? Come on Mile, what's so weird about Lilly liking your brother? Does puppy pee stain? Asked, and answered I swear, with me as an example, i just don't see how he turned out so I'm super cute super hot I'm the girl you like a lot I'm super, super girl I'm super, super girl Yeah! It's catchy! - Hey Jackson ?? - Hold on, just a sec. Dang flab it! This is why i don't change my shirt everyday! What does that girl see in you? What girl? There's a girl? Is she cute? Average, below average? I'm not desperate, it's just I- you know, it's been a while. It's I- you're not going to believe this ?? It's Lilly! She's crushing on you. - Lilly? - I know! I don't get it either! She's like a sister. Y'know, sort of like you, except without the enormous ego and hint of a girl stach. It's peach fuzz, it's cute, and it's not what we're talking about here. Ok, so can you just tell me that you don't think about her that way, and Lilly and I can go back to being normal, And you can go back to doing what you do best. Being a disgrace to the Stewart family name. Fine. I don't think about Lilly that way. Great! I'll go tell her. Huh? I-huh what? I'm starting to think about Lilly that way. No! No, no, no! Wrong way, go back! Beep, beep, beep! Wait. She's cute, she's smart she's not a kid anymore... Jackson likey. And Miley pukey. Now if you'll excuse me, I gotta' groom for my new lady. Aargh! Who gave that dog asparagus? Omm, it doesn't matter if he likes me. Omm, whatever happens if for the best. Omm, I could always get a cat - Lilly? - Omm, cute little kitty from the pound. - Lilly! - Aargh! Omm, now we're even for the bed thing. What did he say? Tell me everything! - Ok, he - No, just tell me if he likes me. - Ok, he - No, start at the beginning ?? - Ok, he - No, forget this, just skip to the end! - Will you make up your mind? - I can't, you pick. Ok I can't believe I'm actually going to say this but, he um ?? Oh my gosh, he does like me! This is going to change everything! Can't you just see it? No! No, see it's right up there, see? - This is so good! - So good! - You are so cute! - You are so cute! I love you! Oh, thank-you. What'd he say? I want his exact words so I can put them in my diary. Ok, he's exact words were ?? Never gonna' happen. Really? I'm sorry Lilly. It's ok. It's not like it's your fault! Lilly Listen, we don't need guys to have fun. We're gonna' have fun on the Mack and Mickey show, right? Yeah, you're right. We are going to have fun. You, me, Oliver And Jackson! Ok, listen, I know it hurts now, but it really is for the best! Hey Lilly. What is up with her? I had to tell her, that, um ?? Jackson doesn't like her back. Oh man, that's rough. You know Erica had the same reaction when Storm left her for evil twin cousin. Grandma never saw it coming. But I knew! Hey Miles, where's Lilly? The lucky winner of the Jackson love lotto. What? But you just said that ow! Split end, ladies hate that. Um... turns out I was wrong, she doesn't like you. She doesn't? You just told her that ow! - Why do you keep doing that? - That... That was the other end! Because it was split, you see? It actually turns out that When she said she likes Jackson, she meant she likes president Andrew Jackson. I mean come on, who doesn't? So she doesn't like me? No. When she heard that I thought she meant - you, she laughed so hard ?? - She laughed? Not really a laugh, it was more like a little giggle, Little titter, you know like 'he he he', but less. I get it. Come on Jackson, it's not like you cared anywayz. You're right, I didn't. I mean, I was just trying to be nice, because that's totally the kinda guy I am. It's gonna take a lot more than a rejection from a soft girl to get this guy down. ? You deserve love, you're an awesome dude. You deserve love! What did you do? Hey Jackson! I deserve love, I am an awesome dude! Okey dokey ?? Hey Mile! I did the right thing, ok! Now a good daddy would go up there and try and figure out what's going on. But a smart daddy would give them a chance to work it out for themselves while he ate a piece of pizza. Robby Stewart smart daddy. Hot, hot, hot! Let's get crazy! Get up and dance, take a swing, do your thing It??s worth taking a chance Let's get crazy! Wow! Isn't she wonderful! Give it up for Hannah Savanna! Oh, are you from Savanna, is that how you got the name? Oh, Mack, don't be silly, it's Montana! Yeah, and I'm from Tennessee. Oh, sorry, I was never good at geometry anyway. It's a good thing I'm easy on the eyes! So Hannah. We've heard so many things about pop stars who lost their way. - It's really sad, but I've been really fortunate to ?? - You know who else lost their way our producer Richie - Driving in this morning! - He did! He did! Hey Richie, two words for you, GPS! They talk to you now, like a wife, but you can unplug it! And uh, you can't unplug a wife! You can't unplug a wife! She said you can't unplug a wife! Very funny, that's funny So I think what Hannah was trying to say is that she surrounds herself with good friends who help keep her grounded. I used to have good friends. But I was just too good looking. Don't hate me because I'm beautiful! So Hannah, why don't we bring out some of these wonderful friends of yours? I think you're gonna' love them just as much as I do. Come on out, guys! - Bring em' out! - Oh yes! Welcome, welcome welcome Thank-you guys! This is um... Mike Stanley, Lola Lovelagle, and Jackson Stewart. Oh. Oh, I sense a little bit of tension in the pop star's posse. Tension? What tension? There's no tension No, that's just a little thing we do. We like hey Lola Hey Jackson That's right. It's... that's how we roll. Yo H-Dog! Thank-you Mike. Thank-you for the help. Word. Oh, from your mother. It's actually to your mother. It's to your mother it's to your mother, I never know. Never know. So Hannah, tell me, how did these wonderful friends of yours help keep you grounded? Well I think the secret is that we all liked each other before I was famous and we all like each other now. Ah. Yeah well, we all like Hannah, and I like Mike too. Yeah, Mike and Hannah are great. There's nothing about them that's laughable. Wait? Laughable? What are you talking about? - You know what you said - What I said? You told me... And we'll be right back. I guess we're out. Oh, sticky buns time. What? Ok Hannah, honey. You're doing great! My kids love you. If you ever call commercial again, I'll... Punch you. Ok? Could you guys please not embarrass me in front of millions of people. - But he/she started it! - Zip it! Now please, just for the next fifteen minutes, focus on Hannah and her friends, and how much we all love each other. Sorry. I know this is none of your fault, so Ill try to be nice, because I love you, not him. For my sister, because none of this is her fault. Right ?? Just remember Hannah, boop! And we're back in 5 4 So, it sounds like you've all known Hannah for a really long time. Jackson, tell me, what is about Hannah you loved the most? Well, ar, like all friends, Hannah and I have definitely had fights. But when it comes down to it, i know I can always count on her. Because she's always, always there for me. Always is such, such a big word. It is a big word. Al-ways. Yeah, and um, you know, if you could count on me, almost of the time', you could live with that. Right? Oh but we don't have to live with it because she never lets us down. Never. Never. Never. Well, see, never is kind of like always. Big word. And... you know what word I like better? Is occasionally, and sometimes. Oh but there is no sometimes with you because you always tell the truth. Yeah, to me too. Even if it's painful. Yeah, because that's just the kind of person she is. Stop it! Really, stop You see, that's the secret of real friendship. Integrity, Honesty, Truth ?? Ok fine, I lied! The truth is ?? You guys both really like each other. What?! What? What?! Who wants to hear another song? - I do! - Me to! We're true friends We'll here till the end Oh no You pull me aside, nobody perfect! And live and you help me! ! Guys, come on! How many times do I have to say that I'm sorry? I just still can't believe you'd lie to me like that. We got the party with us, ah ah ah ah! ? Sweet niblets, what are you guys doing home? New look, dad? Couldn't fit me in this week! Hair like this doesnt just happen, son. Now, if youll excuse me, im gonna' go upstairs and watch some football, monster trucks, and things that explode like boom! You know, man things! Lilly, come on how many times do I have to apologize? Ok, it's a little late for apologies, you cold hearted killer of love! Yeah, I've never been so disappointed in you. And you're so cute when you flatter your nostrils! Oh, you like that, do you? Wow! Oh, uh, you got a little boogie. I'll pick it when you're not looking. - Oh, you're such a gentlemen. - And you are so pretty. You're so cute! Do you hear yourself? This is why I did what I did. He'll ruin you, I couldn't let that happen. You couldn't let that happen? This isn't about you! This is about how I feel! And yeah, sure, sometimes Jackson's gross, lazy, and maybe a little stinky ?? You so get me! But who I date is my choice. And if im gonna' date Jackson, and youre really my friend, then Youre just gonna' have to deal with it. Youre right. And if you want to go ahead and date ? Jackson, its just something that I have to live with. It'll be ok. - My girls! - Oh Oh, come on! Well, im glad that you've finally accepted our love. As long as I dont have to see it. Well then you better close your eyes. Now come here, baby. Time to seal this deal with a kiss. Aargh! Miley! Oh, why arent you up yet? Youre supposed to help me pick my outfit for Mack and Mickey tomorrow. - Thats tomorrow? - Yes - I had the weirdest dream. - What was it about? You liked Jackson and he liked you back. And I tried to stop it, but I was wrong, so, If you really do like my brother, im ok with it. Me and Jackson? Together? - Really? - Yeah Arr, thats my girl. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 