Hannah Montana: Season 3, Episode 9 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Hannah Montana 
 s3e9 - Papa's Got a Brand New Friend - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Hannah Montana (2006–2011): Season 3, Episode 9 - Papa's Got a Brand New Friend - full transcript 
 Hannah hires a choreographer who becomes Robbie's best friend, but soon she and her dancers find out how difficult he is to work with. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 go Hannah go Hannah go Hannah go Hannah Go Brian! Go Brian! Go Brian! Go Brian! Step off Brian because here comes Lola! Gonna make you look like a caffeinated cola! Yeah... like caffeinated like Lola G... like... killing the mood...,kind like now bye lola, bye lola, bye lola hey guys,sorry i'm late I got into a tug of war with my dog over my sports bra. - oh - he won aw!adorable 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 well while our famous choreographer was having a tug with the pug,some of us were working hard yeah while you was with the hound,we was getting down on the ground with the sound eh,I thought we were still rhyming. - no - ok i got some ideas that would bring the house down yeah,ok,you're ready,ok,go - you wanna see it? - yeah alright,hit it so? - i love it! - you got it?come on,let's try it - i wanna try it . - here we go ready? start down here hey tina,i think somebody find a new chew toy oh no,bad dog 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 alright guy,let's try a slide - Tina - oh that's not good - Tina,are you alright? - no just just walk it off - ok? - uh huh crawling works too oh no Hannah Montana S03E09 Papa's Got a Brand New Friend ok Tina,well you get well soon oh so you have a unicorn flying around your room, i'm sure it's very pretty yeah okey dokey now, alright you take care,byebye well the bad news is she's gonna be out for about 6 months good news is she's got a unicorn ok,it's ok,she's just a little bump in the road, sure she's... she's in a full body cast but we can strap her up to those little luggage cart thingies and roll her right into rehearsals and everything would be O... Mile,she's incapacitated Oh well let's just drive to capacitated and get her. good lord mile listen,i know you desperate but this is los angeles there's a million choreographers out there, we'll find the right one Oh yeah. Just because someone's too lazy to drive to capacitated! i have got to get that girl a dictionary and 3 and 2 and 1 - booya! - wow! that's it?I barely broke a sweat. - my little iron man. - oh we are gonna kick butt in the triathlon next month! oh We're going to dominate, annihilate - i gotta go to girl's room. - ok i'll miss you she's killing me! - look out,dude,she's back! - feel the burn! people falling over,always funny you know i hate you but i just don't have the energy i have to end this, but if i break up with her, she will break up every bone in my body dude,you want my advice? you walk up right to her and tell her it's over,that's how to be a man! sweet sticking door!! a dead man,but still a man and then,i see hannah doing this next i'm super cool i'm super hot i'm the girl you like a lot i'm super super girl,haaa... i'm super super scared next dad,what am i gonna do? the grammies are in two weeks and i still don't have a choreographer - you know that super super gal had some interesting. - dad now that is what i'm talking about - nice to meet you mr... - Nahnah,but you can call me Shawn your name is Shawn Nana? no no,Nahnah! from my nana's side, nana Nina Nahnah maybe it's not too late to drive to capacitated oh my gosh,you choroagraphed for n sync, madonna and mc hammer? oh yeah yeah,this...mine this... mine ah hammer time...not mine, but i like doing it - you're hired. - hey now hold up there little missy,listen this is a big decision,you might wanna ask that man some more questions you're right Hey so I've noticed you haven't been working for a few years. What you been doing? ah,take little time off for myself bass fishing,horseback riding... - and touring the countryside and searching for the perfect peach pie. - you're hired what? i know since back he's in the room man, tell me about hunting that pie jackson,Jackson listen, i figured it out if i dump joannie she kills me, but if she dumps me,i stay alive problem is:how do i make myself so horribly unattractive that she'd wanna do that i mean come on look at me alright ok uh...uh... ok first i would just... uh...i suppose you could just... with the... dude i'm sorry,but if this hasn't driven her away then nothing will jackson... alright look there's only one way to get rid of someone who's wacko enough to love all this,let's go do you really think that this is gonna work? get it better we're dealing with the girl who blew off the bathroom door faster than uncle earl at the beaufort county burrito fest oliver,honey? - quick give me your wallet! - why? just in case you don't, don't make it - over here joannie. - jackson - uh oliver... - shhhh i'm calling the mothership i know,i'm strange, terribly undebatable strange i don't blame you if you wanna break up with me i could never do that, if you believe in aliens then i will too That is so wonderfully, unexpected - well come on honey let's call them together. - ok hey,you guys are gonna love Shawn and this way,i don't have to buy another Sorry I shoved you out the window muffin basket yeah,that should get her done Hey that was really cool how you guys did that what was that it was like... feel free to use that if you like so where is Shawn anyway? Oh probably with Daddy. They've been guy bonding all weekend. fishing and jogging Right now they're probably riding motorcycles or something. - yee doggies! - i did say or something i win ah,man i'll get you next time double r yeah in your dreams hotshot well good morning all, my name is Shawn Nahnah and i cannot wait to work with y'all, it's gonna be great did you see that?jazz hands - have fun bud. - thanks daddy oh i wasn't talking to you i was talking to Shawn but...you have a good time too daddy look,i'm real happy for you and your new bud but i'm just saying,the whole scootering and matching helmets thing,not really gonna help the girlfriend situation oh come on darling,you know i haven't had a good friend since tennesse it just so damn much fun hey Shawnster,don't forget tonight ribs and pie ok,ok,i think we're ready to begin looks like your dad having a little bro-mance yeah but he deserves it,and it's awesome that the guy as great as Shawn who is talking?! me - i was just...telling lola that i think... - think the world revolves around hannah? well guess what diva, when i'm working,it's all about meva! yes! i don't think he's talking about you miva - i thought you said he was nice. - he was - Shawn,i need to talk to... - aaaaaaaah first of all,when we're in rehersals,it's mr Nahnah and second of all,what are you? oh,i'm just a friend,not a dancer oh,well in that case, stand in the corner! ok - other way! - eeep! Shawn,you've gotta be kidding me, we always have fun in my rehersales - your rehersals? - our rehersals? mr Nahnah's rehersals not bad alright,now,dancers, drop and give me 20! you're right,i love him - who's talking?! - it was all him you know what,i really was expecting the worst but after seeing all the progress you've made that just shows what dancing and eating right will do for you so,what did you say we get you on your feet and into the dance studio come on! look at me! i can't work with him, he's breaking my spirit ah...poor baby miss montana,i'm afraid you're gonna have to leave but she wants to go with me see? please,you're upsetting the patient have you seen in your eye shadow? honey you're upsetting the patient! hehehe,that's it, you're outta here,come on oh sure,But I'm sure it's all 'shake it off' Hannah from one little one story drop and you quit! disappointed in you, very disappointed in you Tina,ahh! lilly,you cannot believe how selfish tina is! it was like,she didn't even care what was going on in my life,she was all mmmm i'm in pain,i can't feel my toes, amamaha,some friend you know what, i must have to fire Shawn you know,he's only known dad for like one weekend,how close can they be? this man just saved my life oh come on! let me call you back - what happen? - oh it wasn't that much double r wasn't that much?we were jogging in the hills and i got bit by a rattlesnake this man sucked the poison from my leg then carry me piggy backed all the way to the scooters i'm telling you i would never be able to repay him,there's no way no way? oh will you stop, your friendship is payment enough you got it!friends forever absolutely double r, you will never get rid of me never?! oh look at that,my baby girl's so happy for me she's crying let it out darling let it out boy you really are happy oh look,look i think it's them it's just a seagull Olive i'm getting kinda hot,do you think we could take this off for a while? no no no how are they supposed to tell us apart from the other earthlings? you can't take that suit off ever! ok,good to know i'll be right back jackson,i've gotta break up with oliver no!but why? we started out a cute couple and now... i look like The world's largest to-go container how do i do it without hurting him? joannie,sometimes things like this happen in this crazy mixed up world but somehow, i think he's gonna be ok aww,it's hot! i smell something burning oh it's just me it's just me? oliver i have to tell you something no joannie,i have to tell you something i don't wanna go out with you anymore! - wait,you're breaking up with me? - yes,yes i am and i know i have to pay for it so... just do what you have to do i can take it! - oliver... - not the face! oliver! ok fine,i'll do it for you! I'm surprised to say something. oliver,come back up here you want to finish me off? i'm not that stupid! after one more fall two tops miley please,can i just wait in the parking lot? The big bald dancer man scares me no!i cannot face him without you try facing the corner for 2 hours, people write things on the wall bad things! lola- ok,i wrote them but i was bored! hey guys,good news! you fired Shawn? better,i brought us a... Cinnamon Ring! Cinnamon Ring!! ok,look i can't fire Shawn ok? he saved my father's life big deal- who cares? i do,i love my dad and he likes that guy and if all we have to do is suck it up then that's what we gonna do well,miva not gonna take it, miva gonna do exactly how we feel yeah way to go miva Playtime's over dancers! Shawn! i love the shirt i'll write things on the wall about you! i know where i'm going last night,i had a vision, the perfect grammy dance! it's unique,it's inspired, it's Nahnah! - well whatever it is i'm sure it's gonna be brilliant right guys? - yeah! When i walk in the room Everybody stops Camera's flashin People fighting for the best shot They like my hair,like my hair The clothes I wear,clothes I wear Everybody wants to know What I'm doin next Sometimes I wish I could Stay home just be by myself I wanna be Walking free,can't you see? you know what i can't see, why i'm on strings? the song is called super girl so why am i a puppet? fine,i'll go thru it again now while you maybe a super girl,you're forced to be what other people expect you to be you are a puppet on a string, and until you break free,you will never be in control of your own life duh! well shouldn't there be a part where i break free?like now? mmmh uh,no! come on, I've always had some say in my own routines. yeah,you know what i say to that? step back girl - this isn't funny! - oh really?how about now? - would you please stop this? - ok,how about this? Real mature! But wasn't this the kind of give and take you were looking for? ok listen here mister sure you are a great choreographer, but it's time that someone say no no Nahnah! and you know what?you might be my dad's best friend but he would be the first one to tell me that i don't have to put up with... oh good,you're thru listen if i can't put some of me in my own dance then i might as well just be a puppet on a string... man i wish i could fire you, but since i can't miva,you're fired!! now,we're gonna go thru this again,from the top! lola,get the control box - do i have to? - lola! you'll never take this alive!! ok,this would've work if someone hadn't wooded up the windows! hey,you give that back to me,you give that back to me and get out of my studio! this is not your studio! and maybe you can't fire me,but but as sure as my brothers armpits stink I can fire you! oh,really?and what are you planning to do at the grammies? - i'll string something together. - yes we will so listen,you better just hammertime your butt out of here - fine fine,but you're gonna miss this. - keep going - oh yeah we're done. - keep gooing hannah the strings! oh come on, Is this really necessary! i don't care if you did save my life nobody messes with my little girl,nobody! now hop bunny hop! - my turn. - ok but don't hog it alright you drop and give me 20!! yeeea doggie! oh come on that's not right! 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 