Primeval: New World: Season 1, Episode 10 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Primeval: New World 
 s1e10 - The Great Escape - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Primeval: New World (2012–2013): Season 1, Episode 10 - The Great Escape - full transcript 
 After a Terror Bird attacks a bystander, DYLAN and EVAN are called in by Dylan's old colleague DETECTIVE HARLOW. They're left puzzled as to where the bird came from, when no Anomaly has been detected - until they recognize LEGGY from episode 104, now grown and dangerous. The creature takes refuge in a local ice rink. While MAJOR DOUGLAS and his men seek to capture it, Evan and Dylan seek answers from KEN LEEDS, who reveals the existence of a secret research facility, much to Evan and Dylan's shock and anger. Evan and Dylan are in a race with the overconfident Major Douglas to be the first to find the rampaging bird. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Okay. What have we got for you today? We got CK total, glucose, lipoprotein panel, liver function, thyroid function, rectal biopsy? How the hell am I supposed to do a rectal biopsy? Yeah, yeah. You know, hey, I'm not too happy about this either, you know. Come on, quiet. You know, usually I'd buy you dinner and a movie first, but... Yeah, yeah. Keep it quiet. Hey, hold still, okay? It'll just be a minute, all right? 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Hey, hold still. Hold still! Come on, just relax. I can do this all day, big boy. Come on! Hey, calm down. We're done. Hey! Hey! Keep it quiet. Ugh! Ah! Breach! I repeat, we have a breach! I don't know! It could be anywhere! Well, increasing the rifle's air pressure improves accuracy and range, but it'll definitely kill anything without armour plating. There's no "one size fits all." At Predator Control, we had .509 calibre rifles for bears, 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 dart pistols for smaller predators, syringe sticks. Concealing these are hard enough. Last thing we want to do is drive around town with a mobile arsenal. Well, the hardware isn't the problem. It's the fact that we never know what we're dealing with before we roll out. Let's put up some new ones and go again. Or we could take a break, maybe get some breakfast. Nah, let's go again. Evan, you've got a company to run as well as this team. Look, you can't do this alone. You need help. We're without Ange and Mac, and God knows where Toby is. Oh, I sent her home. Her hands were starting to fuse to the keyboard. I thought she lived here. She would if I let her. My point is, we need a team. You and I aren't enough. We're fine. Besides, with a little bit more practice, you'll be almost as good as me. And you always change the topic when you're uncomfortable with the conversation. - I do not. - Animal behaviourist. And you can't keep putting yourself at risk because you're afraid of someone else getting hurt. Well, that's why I'm trying to perfect these rifles. A tranq rifle is useless without someone to carry it. What am I supposed to do? It's not like I can hold job interviews for this. "So, how do you feel about dinosaur attacks? "Oh, and working weekends? Not to mention..." It's Detective Harlow. I'm guessing this isn't a social call, is it? Definitely not a social call. Remember that situation at Merison Oil? If by "situation" you mean the Titanoboa, then, yes. No, let's stick with "situation." And I think I may have another one on my hands. A possible incursion. Oh, good, it happens so often you've got a term for it. - I'm at the parkade at 38th and Dogwood. - We're on our way. Hey, do you have any idea what we're dealing with? Something big and pissed off. - So? - He says big and pissed off. Well, that really narrows it down. According to this, we haven't had an Anomaly in the last 72 hours. Maybe it opened in a dead zone. Creature first. Anomaly second. I don't like waiting to find the Anomaly. Then hire more help. What do you think you're doing? Oh. Good morning, Lieutenant. I just came in a little early to organise some of the old files. Is that a problem? No. No, of course not. Uh... Sorry, um, Merriweather. It's just these files are very sensitive. Well, I've been dividing them into alien abductions, strange creatures, vampires and bat boy. Thank you. I know you've been by yourself for a little while, sir. I don't want to upset your routines. No. I'm sure our filing system needs to be organised, and now that we have the funding, things do need to change. And, of course, it's a real pleasure to have you here. My own Yeoman Rand. Sorry, that's an obscure reference. You'll have to get more obscure than the original Star Trek to stump me, sir. Ow! Welcome aboard, Yeoman Merriweather. Mmm-hmm. Carry on. You're not what I expected. Well, you're not what I expected. So, what were you expecting? Well, Colonel Hall made it sound like you were one of those sad, sidelined officers who's assigned a meaningless post to spin his wheels at before getting an early discharge, but you're not like that at all. Nope, I'm not. Are there really dinosaurs, sir? Well, I'm afraid that's classified. But, yes, there are. - Have you seen one? - Several. I even fought one. - That's amazing. - Well... Do you think I'll get to see one? Well, I'd have to assess your combat skills before I could authorise any fieldwork. Oh. Well, I have extensive training in hand-to-hand combat, sir, as well as weapons training. From firearms to 155 mm battleship-mounted artillery. - Battleship? - Mmm-hmm. I served on the HMCS Winnipeg. I also have a little experience with stinger missiles, but, I'm really a novice. Well, at least we know if the office is ever invaded by hostile forces, you'll be able to take them down. In a heartbeat, sir. Noted. Going to go into my office. Okay. Hmm. - Harlow. - Dylan. - Good to see you. - Good to see you, too. - Mr Cross. - Detective Harlow. You know, we do have to stop meeting like this. Hey, at least you knew who to call, right? Oh, yeah. This had your name written all over it. You know, call me old fashioned, but I do miss the good old days when the only dinosaurs were in museums. Whoo! Somebody's definitely living the high life, huh? I can't tell where claw marks end and bite marks begin. - I don't suppose anybody saw it. - One witness. The car's owner. Can we talk to him? You can try. Good luck. Can you tell us what happened? I'm just down here, taking a few hits before my shift, not bothering anyone. I mean, it's hardly even illegal. - And you were attacked? - Yeah. I'm just keeping to myself, doing my own thing. What attacked you? Something big. And it's all like... I'm like... Uh, what did it look like? Big and mean. It had a huge, like, a... Beak. It went that way. Thank you. So, did you get anything out of him? Enough to tell us you were right to call us in. Nothing. No Anomaly. You check the parkade? I've got two men doing a floor-to-floor sweep from the bottom up. There's only one way in or out, and I've got a man at the gate checking vehicles. So whatever attacked the car could still be here. I'll clear everyone out. - So, now what? - Now, we find it. Send it back home. - Want to help? - Not a chance. How the hell do I report this thing without using the phrase "time-travel dinosaur"? I'm pretty sure you could convince him he was attacked by a giant ostrich. I'll do what I can to bury this. Good, 'cause the longer we keep it off the books, the better. You be careful. - If anything happens to her... - We'll be careful. That's not what I said. Don't worry, Harlow. Evan's got my back. He better. Looks like we can scratch Detective Harlow off the recruitment list. You don't know until you ask. Oh, no. Looks like it found a way out. It could be anywhere by now. Come on, hurry! Hey, hey! What did you see? Looks like we've got a scavenger on our hands. Well, if it eats fast food instead of fast food employees, I'll take it. If it's a scavenger, though, why did it attack that dude in the parking lot? The inside of his car looked like a dumpster. It probably thought he was competition. We've seen that one before. We couldn't find an Anomaly because there isn't one. That's the terror bird from the train yard. But he didn't go home with the others. - Did you see that? - Yeah, I saw. He's got stitches and a leg band. He's been in captivity. What would scare a terror bird? Mr Cross, Ms Weir. Stand down. We'll take it from here. Black truck and urban camo. I take it you guys work for Ken Leeds? Sure. Let's go with that. Sergeant, take it down. Whoa. Do you have any idea what you're dealing with? Titanis walleri, commonly known as a terror bird. You need to let us handle this. On the contrary... Damn it! Corporal, you won't catch it that way. Hey, if you know who we are, then you know we've dealt with these things before. With all due respect, Mr Cross, this isn't a lost kitten. Exactly why you need our help. I can't wilfully and knowingly endanger the lives of civilians. Sergeant! We're never going to catch them. No, but we don't have to. I have a better plan. Leeds, open up! - Shall I get that, sir? - I'll handle it. Leeds! Open up! I thought we were on the same side. We are. Merriweather, would you go get us some coffees? Everyone seems a little agitated, sir. That is a good point. Better make it decaf. Don't make me pull rank. Welcome to Project Magnet. What kind of a game are you playing at here, Leeds? Usually solitaire, some online poker. Sorry, that's not what you were asking. You kept the terror bird. You put an empty box through the Anomaly and kept the bird? Yes, I did, and you're welcome. Project Magnet was on the bubble. My superiors needed concrete evidence to move forward. You stole a dinosaur to keep the lights on? And to provide you with the support you needed. To help you. Oh, thank you so much for that. That sounds a little bit like sarcasm, but again, you're welcome. You expect us to be grateful, that you condemned an innocent creature to torture? Non-invasive research, I assure you. My ass. We saw the scars. It's cruelty. You saw it? It got free. It's already attacked one person. Yeah, and right now there's a group of soldiers out there hunting for it. It's loose in the city? Why wasn't I informed? Don't ask us. It's your team, isn't it? Oh. Major Douglas. Of course. That bird had a tracking device on its ankle. I'm going to need that radio frequency. Of course. This is news to me, I assure you. Why should we believe you? Because I have never lied to you. I may have omitted certain pieces of information from time to time. You have no idea what damage you may have done. I made an informed decision based on my options, and I stand behind it. This is odd. Move. You can't upgrade my security clearance by punching in a few different characters. - Can he? - I wouldn't bet against it. We have a contact. - I'm in. - What? What the hell? False alarm, Major. As you were, sir. We are right on top of the signal. There must be maintenance tunnels underneath here. Evacuate the rink and lock it down. I've got it. Looks like it's at Thunderbird Arena. We've got to get to that rink. We? I wouldn't want your encounter with Major Douglas to sour our working relationship. - Let's clear this up. - You've done enough. We've got a single hostile hiding somewhere in this arena. Secure the entry points. My men will evacuate the rink. Assist them only from the exterior. Move! Yes, sir! Let's go, let's go! Let's go! Clear the place out. Eyes open. If you see anything, track it, but do not engage. Ladies and gentlemen! This is a government-authorised military training exercise! We need you to leave the building, immediately! Everyone out! Go! Clear the front of the building, please. This is a government-authorised military training mission. Gotta love the military's idea of covert. Yeah, so much for under the radar. If they're evacuating, it means they haven't caught Leggy yet. We need to get to him first. How are we going to get past all that? Through the Zamboni garage. You've snuck into arenas before. Well, there may have been beer involved. I need you to get off the ice, miss! We're evacuating the building. Let's go, guys. Come on. Miss! I need you to get off! Anyone in here? We're evacuating the building. - Everyone report in. - All clear. On my way out with the last of them, sir. - Regroup at the north entrance. - Copy that. We're good. How did you know that would work? Because I saw the look on your face when I suggested hiding in there. I never made a face. Don't take it personally. All men are trained at an early age that entering a ladies' room is bad. It's a learnt behaviour. Well, I prefer to think of it as polite. Ah-ha. You do realise we just locked ourselves inside with a terror bird, right? On the plus side, they've already evacuated the building. Yeah, well. Don't jinx it. Turner, report. Lower level clear of civilians. The building is evacuated, Major. Typical snafu, sir. They gave you a 2D tracking device for a 3D space. That means a top-to-bottom sweep. Non-lethal solutions only. Colonel Hall wants this bird alive. And where in the hell is Turner? He's not responding, sir. Corporal Turner, this is Major Douglas, please, report in. Repeat, Corporal Turner, report in. Soldier, what's your 20? Do you copy? Over. Corporal Turner, report in. Corporal Turner. Watch your sixes in there. Just need to find the transmitter or the Sat base. How is that going to help us catch Leggy? I need to slow those soldiers down. This building has its own satellite uplink, which isn't hard to re-configure if you know the Military GPS codes. And you know those how? Cross Photonics has a contract with the Air Force to update the Prowler jamming systems. Couldn't get the job done without the full specs. So, this is kind of illegal, then. Now you're getting it. All right, we're both blind now, but it won't last long. Which is why I need your cell phone. - Will I get it back? - Of course. - In one piece? - I'll buy you a new one. Damn it, I got nothing. I'm a little busy, Lieutenant. Major, uh, it has come to my attention that a Project Magnet retrieval mission is apparently underway without my authorisation. The authorisation comes directly from Colonel Hall. I guess you're just out of the loop. Then perhaps you should fill me in. Why wasn't I notified of the situation? It's on a need-to-know basis, Lieutenant. I guess you just didn't need to know. It's my name on the door, and I'm not about to take responsibility for something I had no control over. Don't get squeamish on me now, Leeds. You signed off on the budget, including the blacked-out lines. Two million dollars for pool maintenance? You knew the drill. As Project Director, I should be fully informed of all developments. Such as when a terror bird is on the loose. So, I take it you've talked to Evan Cross. Where I get my intel is not the issue. Sir. Yeah, I'll allow that. But I hope you're prepared to tell the Colonel why civilians continue to be granted access to a classified military facility. Call it strategic asset management. No, let's call it you working both sides of the street, and it's about to bite you in the ass. That kind of lax protocol may have worked for you in the past, but just between us, I recommend you consider your next move carefully. What are we going to do with Leggy when we catch him? We'll find a way to put him back where he belongs. How? There's no Anomaly. Not at the moment. You know better than anyone that there's almost no chance of an Anomaly opening to the same time and place those birds came from, unless you can open one. Have you been working on that? No. No, absolutely not. Look, even if it could be done... No. No, definitely not. And I know you're not suggesting we just let the military take him back to some lab to be tortured. - Of course not. - Which doesn't leave us a lot of options. I know. Well, maybe instead of building a better tranq gun, we should have been making plans for when a dinosaur gets trapped here with no way home. I have been. Now, let's put your phone to use. I was able to punch through the interference, sir, but now I'm getting a double signal. You have got to be kidding me. Neither of them is moving, Corporal. Which one do you suggest we follow? That's definitely the stronger signal, sir. There. The signal's coming from right up there. Let's move, soldiers. It's just like in Kandahar. Except for the ice rink. And the dinosaur. Can the chatter. They went for it. The bird's still in the northeast corner. Yeah, he's dead. Then let's go. And just leave the body here? Let the military guys take care of it. - What's going on with you? - This. Another body. Because the more people know about these creatures, the more people will wind up dead, and I can't figure out how to stop it. This isn't your fault. You didn't send him in here. Which is exactly my point. Let them clean it up. You want to get to that bird first, let's stay on mission. Where's my dinosaur, Sergeant? Interesting. According to this, we are standing at ground zero. Corporal, jump up there and tell me if there is a terror bird on that girder above me. Sir? Three dimensions, Corporal. Perfect. It's Leeds. This is his fault. If Leggy were at home, in his own time, he could eat whatever he wanted, and we'd just think of him as a dinosaur. Now, because he's here with us, in the wrong place, that makes him a killer. All because Ken Leeds wanted a trophy to show his boss. That man we found, anyone else that gets hurt, that's on his hands. Poor bastard. There's only one signal. They found the decoy. We need to hurry. Any guesses? Someone who could rig this thing to mimic the tracking device, sir. Cross! I know you're in here with us! You are not leaving here with my dinosaur! Let's prove him wrong. Love to. I am tired of being outflanked by this civilian. Lieutenant Leeds. Perhaps you should tell us the specifics of your conversation with Evan Cross. Perhaps you should tell me why you're asking. You're not a Major any more, Leeds. You don't get to talk to me like that. Did you tell them where we are? No, sir, I did not. They informed me of a possible terror bird sighting, about which I knew nothing. - That's everything? - Oh, and I bought them coffee. - Coffee? - And I paid for it myself. I don't care about the coffee. So you're authorising it? I can go ahead and submit the receipt? I can never tell if you're extremely stupid or extremely smart. Thank you. You can make a joke out of this if you like, Leeds, but if these people get in the line of fire, it's your responsibility. Next level. Still not moving. It better not be another goddamn cell phone. He's acclimating to people. The predator becomes a scavenger. It's like a bear rooting through garbage. I'm still getting a hit from in here. Hey. Look! He chewed it off. He could be anywhere. Sergeant, hold your position! Contact! Sergeant! Hold your fire! The bird is our priority! God damn it! Oh, God. No. Not the Taser. Not in that state. It's too cruel. Okay, tranqs it is. Damn it. You disobeyed a direct order, Sergeant. You were injured, sir. Corporal Givens was dead. - And we have a mission to complete. - Sir... - Never mind. I'll handle it myself. - Sir... All right. You take the east flank, and I'll take the west. That tranq should have taken him down by now. He's running on pure adrenaline. He's dangerous like this. He's always dangerous. We'll have to lure him out and put a second dart in him. I have an idea. Cheese puffs? Seriously? It's what those guys in the grow-op were feeding him. You really think that'll draw it out? The thing's barely mobile. Food is a powerful lure. Hard-wired. - Hey, put your rifle down. - Absolutely not. - He recognises it as danger. - I recognise him as danger. We're only going to get one shot at this. Don't antagonise him. What if he does something unpredictable? Like kills us? Then you won't have to worry about target practice. How bad is it? The bullet's embedded in his leg. He's lost a lot of blood. I'm not sure what I can do for him. We haven't got much time until they find us. Three. How many darts do you have left? Why? It's over. We're completely surrounded. Even if I could save him, there's no way we would ever get him past those soldiers. I know. I've got two. It's not enough. Gotcha. Sergeant, the contact is at the Zamboni garage. On our way, Major. Look at him. Look at what they've done to him. Petting zoo's closed. He's hurt. Let me do this. One way or the other, the Colonel's getting that bird back. What are you going to do? Shoot me? - Your call. - No one's shooting anybody. Give it to me. Please. They're on the way. They'll be here any minute. Hey. Leeds, what are you doing? You two need to get out of here. Whose side are you on? Isn't it obvious? I can buy you a couple of minutes till you get clear. Oh. And can you move my car? I don't want it to get towed. What's the game plan here? I couldn't tell you even if I knew. I'm already in a lot of trouble. Tranqing a fellow soldier is definitely against regulations. This doesn't make things right. I know. Now, go. Lieutenant, put the weapon down, please. What happened here, sir? I take full responsibility, Sergeant. It was mortally wounded. And Major Douglas? I suspect he'll recover. Stand up, sir. Evan. What do you think he's up to? I don't know, but we're going to find out. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 