BBQuest: Season 1, Episode 2 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 BBQuest 
 s1e2 - Houston - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 BBQuest (2018–…): Season 1, Episode 2 - Houston - full transcript 
 Barbecue enthusiast and native Texan Kelsey Pribilski on a quest to find secret menu items local flavors in Houston with the help of James Beard Award-winning chef Chris Shepherd. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 - I'm Kelsey Pribilski, a barbecue enthusiast and native Texan. I'm criss-crossing the state in search of local flavors and secret menu items. With the help of some renowned chefs and prominent pit masters, there's no telling what we might find. I'm here in Houston, the largest city in Texas. This urban sprawl is home to historic sites, exceptional art, and some of the most innovative technology in the world. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 With a population of more than two million people, Houston is known for its vibrant cultural diversity. I'm here with James Beard Award winning chef, Chris Shepherd. Chris is a culinary powerhouse, innovative in both the kitchen and the local community. - Little know fact, I'm not actually from here. - Oh, really? - Yeah, I grew up in the Midwest and I've been down here for about 20 years, so. - Nice, well, I'm looking for that local insight to the Houston barbecue scene. - Well, I think with the diversity that exists in this city, you'll see some different flavors 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 and techniques that you haven't seen before. You're gonna try a whole bunch of different things. - Cool, sounds like we're on the same page, but as long as we can find some secret menu items along the way. - Bet you we can make that work. - Cool, alright let's go. - Let's do it. - For our first stop, Chris took me to Gatlin's BBQ. This spot is a true family establishment. They serve up Southern inspired smoked meats with all of the delicious homemade sides to go with it. - Good morning, guys. - Hi, Mary. - How are you this morning? - How are you? - Welcome into Gatlin's. - What's going on? - Hello Darlin'. - How are you? - How are you? - Good to see you. - Good to see you. - Mary, I want to intro- Mary, I want to introduce you to Kelsey. - Hi, my Kelsey, now I need to give you loves. Oh, yes, yes, baby. - I feel the love already. - Okay. - So I'm taking Kelsey around town. - Okay. - Uh, showin' her some of my favorite spots. - That's super. - And we needed to swing by here. - Okay. - If we could try out some of your best beef cuts. - Okay. - I need a kitchen sink and then, I know you're son, Greg, who is the pit master here, he's always doing things in the back, and coming up with new ideas, if he's got something like that, that he's working on. - Oh, he would love to do that for you and I'll make sure, personally, he'll bring it to you. - Good, I'd love to see him. See ya in a minute. - Thank you. - Thank you. - So, this place seems pretty new. - This is actually the second location. Their first location was so tiny. As they, as they grew, they knew that they needed to actually grow the space as well. And it's really cause, they really revitalized barbecue in this city. - That's gotta be so nice, just to see people that you love and respect so much grow their business - Yeah. - And just be rewarded for their efforts, and - Well, it's a lot of hard work, and they're always trying new things. Just like this kitchen sink sandwich that you're gonna eat. - Yeah, okay. Yes, I meant to ask you when you ordered it, what the heck is a kitchen sink sandwich? - It's legitimately everything but the sink. Um, so it's brisket, sausage, grilled onions, jalapenos, cheddar cheese, barbecue sauce. - All in one sandwich. - It's pretty ridiculous. - How do they fit it on a sandwich? - I, you know, they do it. - I'm in it. - You're in it. We got this. It's gonna be fantastic - Yeah. - Right on, here comes Greg. Look at this. - Oh, cool. - Alright. - Greg, how's it goin'? - What's goin' on guy? - Greg, Kelsey, Kelsey, - Hi, - Absolute pleasure. - So nice meeting you. - What you got today? - The kitchen sink - Oh, what? - Old school 19th street, kitchen sink. - This is it. - It's just as tall as I imagined it would be with all the ingredients. - That looks fantastic. - Great. - I'm gonna touch you with another old school classic right here. Got our moist cut brisket. - My heart. - Nice and easy let the smoke do the work. - That's just salt and pepper. - Love it. - So beautiful. - Then we got a couple sides here. - Mama's sides. - Yes, sir. - Yep. - So what's this? - Last, we got this off the menu thing right here, so wanted something that reminded me of my childhood, so mom always used to have the great pot roast, so we actually took it, smoked it, braised it down, put it on Texas toast, little Swiss cheese, onions, drizzle it with a lil' gravy. - Man, this is amazing. - Yeah, well pull up a chair. Look, let's chat. So, the wonderful Mary is your mom. - Absolutely. - I wanna ask the question that I think is on everyone's minds, what is it like working with your parents? - Wow, so. - we Should probably Start eating about this time - Should we start eating? - Yeah, y'all go ahead, dig in. - Okay. - It's been one of the best experiences of my life. You know, my parents they've always been there, but in this capacity, it's just been totally different. They're, they're very inspirational to me, I think to everybody else that's worked for us. - Really commend you guys for really sticking together. And, I mean, making this thing so successful. Because, from what he tells me, you guys used to be out of a really small location. - It was a scary thing and it was a very daunting task to go from that to where we are now, but I think that's one of the things that's made us successful here because we said, hey, the location may change, but the heart, and the heartbeat and the soul of the restaurant doesn't change. You don't feel like just giving your mom a hug, or, you know, rollin' up in blanket, or, you know, just kinda kickin' back in a hammock after you eat that, you're not livin'. - Oh my gosh. - This plate right here - Yep. - Is quintessential Texas barbecue - Absolutely. - At it's best. - Hands down. - Salt, pepper, great beef and then addition of smoke. - There you go. - I wanna know more about your smoking process because this is insane to be able to pull this off everyday. - So, it's kinda, it's really crazy cause there's been an evolution, so, I mean, you're just kinda getting to know what you, what you want. You know the taste in your head, and you know the taste on your tongue, but it's just trying to get there and having enough time to do it, I mean. - How long do you smoke your brisket for? - Anywhere in the range from 16, 16 to 18. - 16 to 18 hours for your brisket? Oh, man, that is dedication and it is paying off. - Alright guys, so I'm gonna leave you all to it. - Oh yeah. - I gotta get back to work. - I love your story, thank you. - Thank you so much, we appreciate it. Y'all enjoy - Totally. I mean I already am, I'm in It. - Next, Chris took me to one of the stranger attractions Houston has to offer. The Orange Show Monument is a 3,000 square foot art installation which began to take shape in 1956. The creator Jeff McKissack spent over a decade in isolation building the monument completely by hand in honor of his favorite fruit. I will say I like the commitment. - It's a dedication. - It is a dedication, the amount of tile work and you can just see the man hours in this thing. - I mean, in every single place that you can sit or walk, there's something unique. - Yeah. - And so, the thought process behind this is pretty amazing. - Mmhmm. What? What does this have to do with an orange? - I wish I knew art a little better. But, you know. - What is your most orange-centric dish? - Orange peel beef. - I've never heard that before. - Orange peel beef? - Yeah. - What are you talking about, really? - Yeah. - You take the satsuma skins and dry 'em. Then use it for Orange, it's really good. - That sounds delightful. We left the Monument and walked next door to Smither Park. This park was inspired by McKissack's work and focuses on community art installations. Every weekend local mosaic artists work on bringing new pieces to life. There's so much detail, I don't think I could ever get bored. - I mean, honestly, you could sit and spend hours and hours. - Yeah. - Just looking at everything. - It's little, and there's little things like this all over the city that make Houston what it is. - No, this is my date. - Oh. - I think it's going pretty well. - Yeah? - Yeah. - You hungry? - We decided on something a little different for our next stop and took full advantage of Houston's diverse culinary scene. Korea Garden is a woman-owned Korean barbecue restaurant that's been open since the early 80's. Since every table is equipped with a gas grill, everyone can be their own grill master here. Okay, I have the confession. - What's that? - I have never had Korean barbecue before. - Really? - Yes, - Cool. - I'm a little intimidated. - You shouldn't be. In essence like we're just gonna grill some meat. - Okay. - We're gonna grill some beef. - Okay. - And that's the easiest way to look at this, right? There's lots of little side dishes and what have you, but at the end of it, we're gonna take really delicious marinated beef and grill it right here, we're gonna put it in some lettuce. It's what's know as a ssam. - Oh, alright. - Sean. - Hey, Chris. - What's up, man? - How are you? - Good to see you. - How you been? - Good to see you, this is Kelsey. - Kelsey, nice to meet you. - Nice to meet you. - So Sean and his family own this place. This is first time. - Okay, I'll make sure. - So, we are gonna do some of the classics. Bulgabi, beef tongue, just to mix it up a little. - Yeah. - Beef tongue. - And then jap chae. - Alright, absolutely, and I'll be back with your order, okay. - Alright, Sean. - Thank you. - You're welcome. - Alright, here we go guys. - Whoa. - Looks perfect. - Woooooh. - Look at this. - Now that's what I've been waiting for. - I know, right? - There we go. - Look at this. There's the big time. - It's gorgeous, right? - Potatoes, spinach. - Perfect. - And last, but not least, the jap chae. - Very nice. - Oooh. - here we go, you guys enjoy, okay? - Thanks, Sean. - Thank you - Yeah, of course. - I'm gonna let you handle this and kind of show me the ropes. - Oh no, we gotta do this together, remember? I'm kidding. So this is just beautiful the marbling in there. It's one if those things too, we're just gonna cook this really quickly. It's thin, it's tough, but if we cook it fast, it's not tough at that point. You'll see, you're just gettin' nice little seer. So, culturally, this is barbecue. This is Korean barbecue, it's not Texas barbecue, as say, where you're taking large pieces of meat, putting them on a smoker, cooking them for hours. This is thinner slices of beef that's quickly grilled over open flame. - This looks incredible. - Yep. - I really want to come up with something that kind of incorporates some of the side dishes and such. - Alright. - So what are you making for me? - I'm making the one perfect bite. It's kind of my little secret menu if you will. - Okay. - It's a beef tongue ssam. - Walk me through it, what've we got? - So a little of ssamjang on here. - Okay. - Let's do a little fish cake, alright? Grilled beef tongue. - Yes. This is my personal secret menu. Cheers. - Cheers. - It's been a pleasure. Let's do this. - Mmm. - so good. What do you think, I mean, this is like au naturale, right? - Yes. - Nothing on it. - I love it. - And it's just the flavor of what it is. - I think that's kind of the main difference, they play with flavors a little bit more. - Texas barbecue, you're looking at salt and pepper. This is the addition of multiple flavors, multiple textures. - Yeah, it's almost like they kind of encourage you to experiment. - I can do this all day. - Chris and I headed to the oldest craft brewery in Texas, Saint Arnold. These guys handle every part of the brewing process right here, ensuring the freshest flavors make their way into every glass. - Hello, sir. - What's up, man, how are you? - Welcome, welcome. - Hey. - Lennie, this is Kelsey, Kelsey, Lennie. - Nice to meet you. - Nice to meet you, welcome. - Lennie is one of the, you know, longtime beer gurus around here. It's uh, been with the brewery for a very longtime. - Yeah, uh, since our old days. Been friends with Chris since his wee restaurant days. - Yeah, just great people making great beers, doing great things, and really helping to, you know, support our community and the city. They're instrumental in helping us with Southern Smoke, which is a foundation that we started to benefit MS. - We're as into building community, as we are about brewing great beer, and have always felt that you're like a like-minded guy. - If you try and do things on your own, you'll get there, but if you can do it as a community to help your community, it's, it makes so much more of an impact. And I mean great beer. - How 'bout a tour though? - Yeah. - I would love a tour. - go see the facility. - Yeah. - We went to Orange Show. - Yeah. - I see you have Orange Show up here. - We do. - And this is really cool that they'll do things like this and then the money goes back to helping the Orange Show. - That's awesome. - You can't take a tour without a beverage in hand. - No. - So, I'll get you a couple Orange Show's and the we'll go head out. - That'd be fantastic, thank you. - This is the magic? - that's right. - Right on. - What? - Wow. - Yeah, so this is the fermentation area, the tank farm. This is where yeast eats sugar and turn it into CO2 and alcohol. - Wow. - So, it becomes delicious beer. - Alright, guys, the greatest thing ever, fresh lawnmowers right off the bottling line. - Thank you. - You're not gonna get it anywhere else. - Oh man. - Wow. - Me too, you know, why not? - That's awesome. - Cheers - Lennie, thank you so much for giving us a tour around this brewery, this is awesome. - See ya tomorrow. - Cheers. Chris told me to meet him at Feges BBQ, a new local favorite started by a husband and wife duo. This place focuses on modern interpretations of classic barbecue dishes, but I think I'm lost. - What's goin' on? - Where are we? I thought that I was lost for awhile. - You're not lost, this is Greenway Plaza. - Okay. - So multi-storied office complex, but this is where Feges is. - It's in here. - It is. - Okay. - Trust me on this one. - Okay. - It's kind of a hidden little spot. Wanna try it? - Let's check it out. - Let's do this. - Wassup? - Hey. - How are you? Erin, Kelsey. - Nice to meet you. - Nice to meet you too. - Thank you for letting us come and explore, I'm so excited. - We're happy to have you guys. - Erin and her husband, Patrick, opened up Feges barbecue a little bit ago. - Yep. - And our just really crushing it so, wanted to make sure we came by here. - Well, I've heard so many great things about y'all's brisket and your beef ribs, but I also got a quick glance at your sides, so if you could just like work us down the line that would be great. - Yeah, let's do it. - Cool. - We're gonna be getting you guys a slice of that brisket right there. - Fantastic. - I was hoping you would say that. - Time for some sides. - Yeah, what've we got? - The Elote corn salad, so this is kinda like a Mexican street corn, one of our top sellers. I wanna get you guys kale salad. - Oooh, yes. - So this isn't your normal thing, right? When you think Texas barbecue, these are not the sides? - Not at all. - Now, is this because of your fine dining background? - I like to think so. This is the kind of food I would like to eat So, I wanted to have it available. - And there's, there's one thing on the menu that I really kind of focus on, sweet potato banana mash. - Yeah. And I'm gonna get you guys some of our cornbread. - Cornbread. - With whipped honey butter, can't go wrong. - My one thing with every barbecue restaurant that we're visiting, I want something a little bit unique, maybe off the menu. - Yeah. - Do you think Patrick might be willing to kind of whip us something up? - Think he's got a little special off menu item that he's gonna plate up for you. - Nice, thank you so much for showing us around. We're gonna go take a seat and wait for some beefs. - See ya in a bit. - I love how creative she is with all of this. - Yeah it's really fantastic. - I love that she's incorporated her past fine dining experience into these sides. It makes them very unique from every other barbecue joint I've been to. Oh, man. - Like some cornbread? - Yes, please. - Oh, looky here. - Hey guys. - Mister Patrick, how are you sir? - Whoa. - A beef rib that I smoked and then braised a little bit in Bulgogi marinade and then, I took the carrots and the shallots and confit 'em in beef fat and then seared 'em off with some rice and some Kimchi. - That's, you're really embracing like the diversity that exists in this city. - Absolutely, absolutely. It's uh, the Houston barbecue scene speaks for the diversity of this city, it really does. - Everything about this town is so unique, they're taking the barbecue and the rules of like smoking, and they're, you guys are turning it into something new with the sides and, oh my God, this is amazing I don't even wanna talk right now. I just wanna eat it. You are the pit master here? - Yes. - Can you tell me a little bit more about your smoking process, and what goes into it? - Sure, so I can't have like a regular offset smoker, Fire Marshall will not let that happen. - Yeah. - So, I use a J&R; Oyler which is, it's all wood, but it's a rotisserie, the rotisserie kind of helps keep everything nice and moist and consistent. - Well, you can definitely taste it. - So that's your Central Texas style right there. - This is really light though in a way. You know what I mean, like the texture of it's not heavy and dense, the fat in it is gooey, cooked through, and moist, and it's perfect. - How did you perfect your beef technique? - Well, I've been cooking, boy, as Chris knows, I've been cookin' barbecue for six years. - You worked with him at Underbelly. - Yeah. - Chris is the guy that told me to quit talking about doing barbecue and actually do barbecue. - Really. - Yeah, it's like, yeah I wanna sell barbecue, like well then do it. - You can see it was at a place in his career where it was like, it was time to do that. - Yeah. - You know, and he was the choice, like you can continue to do this, or you can go do what makes you really happy. - Yeah, and he kicked me out the nest. - I love that. - Yeah, really, really proud of you guys for what you guys have done and what you're doin'. This is what I wanna eat. - Yeah, me too, honestly. Get brisket anywhere, you know, but just something like this, it's more difficult to find. - I really appreciate you whipping this up for us. I am thrilled and I'm very impressed. We've tasted some of the best barbecue Houston has to offer and discovered some awesome secret menu items along the way. We tried an open faced pot roast sandwich with Swiss cheese and onions at Gatlin's, Chris made us a beef tongue ssam at Korea Garden, and we found a Bulgogi glazed beef rib at Feges, but that's not it, Chris still has one more surprise in store for us. - So, I wanna make a toast because, today, with the help of everybody around this table, we were able to reach our scratch goal for our sponsorships for Southern Smoke, so a hundred and thirty thousand dollars. - That's awesome. - So, let's talk about Southern Smoke. - I would love to hear about Southern Smoke. - Cause it's one of the things like everybody at this table is a huge part of this. It's a foundation that we brought together to take care of our city and to take care of our home. One of my good friends was diagnosed with MS, and so, he asked if we would, if we could hold a dinner for him and raise some money for the MS Society. And, we all had the idea of like, we're not gonna do a dinner, we're gonna throw a party. And, it's our goal every year to raise as much as we possibly can for the society. But, it's all for the strong belief that we can do better than just for ourselves. And, if we can help take care of our community, then it gets paid back tenfold. - I just wanna make a toast, just being here, and having Chris take me around, I really see the love and the passion and it's just so familial and it's so refreshing and he does lot of good and I really appreciate how you give back to the community and you are just, you are such a good dude and I am so happy to be here and thank you so much, cheers. - Thank you. - Cheers. - Well, let's eat. - Let's eat. - San Antonio is rooted in Mexican tradition and you're gonna see that, you're gonna taste that. Look at that gorgeous brisket, you know there's a lot of love that went into this. - Absolutely. - How many women pit masters do you know? - If you'd like to come to the back, we can actually put it together right in front of you. - Are you inviting me into the kitchen? - Yeah. - Oh my gosh. - Absolutely. Surf the internet with browser of future osdb.link/brave 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 