BBQuest: Season 1, Episode 1 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 BBQuest 
 s1e1 - Austin - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 BBQuest (2018–…): Season 1, Episode 1 - Austin - full transcript 
 Barbecue enthusiast and native Texan Kelsey Pribilski on a quest to find secret menu items for local flavors in Austin with the help of the Hardcore Carnivore author Jess Pryles. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 - I'm Kelsey Pribilski, a barbecue enthusiast and native Texan. I'm crisscrossing the state in search of local flavors and secret menu items. With the help of some renowned chefs and prominent pitmasters there's no telling what we might find. Austin, Texas, the live music capital of the world. This place has hill country vibes, a big city sound, and no shortage of style. I'm here with my good friend Jess Pryles, 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Austin local and the hardcore carnivore. I met Jess a few years back at the Austin food and wine festival, and although I have lived in Austin for 14 years, Jess is still the true Austin barbecue expert. - It's great to see you and yeah, even though I'm Australian born I am Texas trained and barbecue is my passion, so I can't wait to show you true Austin barbecue. - Yeah I love checking out new restaurants, but the one thing that I'm looking for are undiscovered menu items. - Well I have been to just about every barbecue joint in town, 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 so I think I could suggest a few places. - Cool well I know the more famous places, but I'm not as familiar with the under the radar joints, so any idea where we should start? - I have just the place. - Cool. For our first stop, Jess took me to LeRoy and Lewis. They serve up alternative cuts and creative sides using seasonal ingredients sourced from local farms and ranches. - Kelsey, welcome to LeRoy and Lewis Barbecue. - Oh yeah. - Their whole deal is new-school barbecue, old-school service. - Okay. - And what that means is they're constantly rotating their menu and doing really, really interesting stuff, like they use beef shank to make their barbacoa, and you can see it's just a really different menu. - They have a barbecue kimchi sandwich. That's awesome, cool. - They really really mix it up and that's what kind of makes it great. - Let's do it. - Hey, bud. - Hey! - Hey Jess, I'll be right out. - Awesome, so, I'm gonna introduce you to Evan LeRoy he is the owner and pitmaster here. Hey bud! - Hey! - Good to see you. - Hey, you too. - This is Kelsey. - Hi. - I love what ya'll are doing here with all of the rotating dishes. - Thanks so much, yeah, it's a lot of fun. We just try to mix it up. - What are we gonna have today though? - So today I've got a couple sandwiches, a barbecue bagel, some brisket fried rice, and later, a little special treat. - Like, secret menu item treat? - Yeah. - I'm into this. - Can you get a beef platter together? We'll meet you at the table. - I'll hook you guys up. - Thank you. - Cool. - You go to these barbecue joints and they're great but you can certainly expect the same things over and over again. And here, you never know what's gonna be on the menu. It's always really interesting and exciting. - Yes. - And different. - Ah! - Here we go ladies. - Hey! - Wow! - So we have the barbacoa torta. Chopped onions, smoked jalapeno salsa, and cilantro. The beef cheek sandwich with house-made kimchi and meat barbecue sauce. Brisket fried rice and the bagel with brisket schmear. - Brisket schmear? - Have you ever a barbecue bagel? - No. - Let me go run and get that special treat for you, one second. - Thank you. We will be here with the food. - I think I'm gonna go in for the fried rice. - Good choice, good choice, solid choice. Oh, look at this sauce and the bread. - Totally different right? - The cilantro is everything in this and it's spicy but not too spicy. - It's just really creative and different. - Mm-hmm. - Yeah, it's inspired, but, it's also familiar. You know, it's just classic brisket cooked in a classic way. - Don't forget about dessert. Brisket chocolate-chip cookies. So there's brisket in the cookie dough itself and there's a candied burn end on top. - A candied burn end on top. That's how I wish all happy stories would end. - If I were to dream up the best dessert, this is it coming to vision. 'Cause it's just a slab of barbecue on top of a cookie. Okay. - You goin' in? - Mm-hmm. I never, I can't even talk. - Yeah, I'm gonna need you to start putting chunks of candied brisket on most of everything I eat, please. - Mm-hmm. - Done and done. - Yeah. - Okay so Evan, tell me a little bit about how LeRoy and Lewis got started. - Yeah, so me and my partner, Sawyers, had a long background in the industry. She's Lewis, I'm LeRoy. - Mm-hmm. - We just decided to get together and open up this food truck. - What was your experience? Was it always in barbecue? - Yeah. Where's the chef element come from? - Well I kind of grew up cooking in the back yard with my dad and then I went to culinary school. Kind of came back around to it eventually, so, yeah. - Nice. - And it's such a thing, like you use really unusual cuts as well as the flavor. - I mean, we really just try to work with local farmers and ranchers and kind of see what they're not giving to other restaurants and we take it. Like the beef shank, the barbacoa, what we'll do is smoke those and then comfy 'em in beef fat. We're not trying to throw anything away. - Well thank you so much for this bountiful plate. These are actually mine so you can come back for others. - Okay. - Thanks Evan, it's always great to see you. - Thank you. - If you need me, I'll be over here. - Think we should just eat. With Austin being such a lush and active city, Jess and I met up again later for a hike down the Barton Creek Greenbelt. - You know, I love the Greenbelt. It feels like you're in the middle of no where, but it's ten minutes from downtown. - But it's crazy because people just drive by without even realizing that all of this is here. These trails wind alongside Barton Creek for 7 scenic miles. The creek eventually joins with Barton Springs and empties into Ladybird Lake. For most months, the creek is flowing with crystal clear water. But, during dryer months, the creek bed can dry out. - I hope there's water today. It's not too much farther so let's check it out. - See, there's water across the whole thing, wow. - Looks really refreshing. - Okay, doin' it. - Are you serious? - Yeah. - Good luck. - We headed south of town to Valentina's Tex Mex BBQ. According to Jess, this place has the best brisket breakfast tacos in town. - Okay so this is Valentina's, and the line thing, this is a hallmark of Texas barbecue right now. And it's named after their oldest daughter. - Nice. - And Miguel Vidal and Modesty, they're the owners and it's like a real family business. - That's so nice. I'm just excited because it seems like we're trying something a little bit more different. - Yeah. - Than the other places. - Yeah, and their big thing here is they have this amazing breakfasty brunch taco. - Mm-hmm. - The real deal holy field. - So brunch might be my biggest hobby in life. - I can get on board with a hobby like that. - So I'm just really excited to see if maybe they have a secret menu item brunch related. - We can check that out. - I think so. - Yeah. - Good morning. - Good morning. - We need two of your finest real deal holy field tacos, please. - Also, if there is anything off-menu that you recommend, feel free to bring it to our table. - Yes ma'am. - Thank you. - Thank you. - Here's good. - Yeah. - The hardest part is waiting. - I know, I've heard so much about these tacos. - Yeah, well these guys started as a trailer and I mean technically they're still a trailer but now they have the whole dining room. It's such great food, people kept coming back. Trust me, you're gonna get addicted. - I don't think I could ever turn down a taco. - Nor should you. - No. - Hey! - Hello. - Hi. - What's up, what's up? _ Miguel this is Kelsey. - Hi. - Hi, nice to meet you. - Kelsey this is Miguel the pitmaster and owner here. I'm good. - What's going on? - And this is the real deal holy field. - Yeah, here you go. - My heart. - Thank you. - These are just some pieces of the moist. - He can tell you what's in here while I do this. - Yes, let's describe it while we're biting into it. - Yeah, no problem. So you have refried beans, potatoes, bacon, fried egg, with tomato serrano salsa, and then nice slice of brisket. This is based off my father's favorite dish which was a huevoes rancheros plate. - Mm-hmm. - So we took all those elements, put 'em in a taco, and then added the slice of brisket. - This is genius. - Their brisket makes everything better. - Awesome, yeah. - And honestly, this salsa adds such a good flavor to it. Is this homemade salsa too? - Yeah everything's homemade here. The tortillas, - Oh my gosh. - They're based off my grandmother's tortillas. - There's a reason that they won Best Taco in Texas. - So how did you get started in barbecue and tacos? - Actually it's something I grew up around. I've worked in restaurants since I was 15. - Wow. - My family eats like this. Any excuse to get together, a quinceañera, a birthday party, or just the weekend. The Spurrs are playing or something tonight. When it's how Mexican-Americans eat at home, and it's something that wasn't in restaurants, so I wanted to be able to bring that and share that with people. - It's such a no-brainer. Everyone here loves barbecue and they love tex-mex and now you got a place that combines the best of two. - Yeah, mm-hmm. - So many times there's a brisket sandwich or a brisket taco it's kinda to bury it amongst other ingredients. - Yes. - But this is some of the best brisket that's being made in Texas right now. - Well I appreciate that, it means a lot. - I don't disagree at all. - You know it, you know it. - It's just crazy to me the combination of flavors works so well together and then to throw brisket on top of it just makes it that much better. - Mm-hmm. - Yeah. - How long are you smoking your briskets for? - We do about 14-16 hours on them. - Wow. - Yeah, that's longer than most people's hordevers. - It is. - And that's just for a piece of meat. - And we use 100% mesquite. I get the question of how do you get the mesquite and not over power the brisket with the smoke? - Yeah. - And a lot of it's just I've been using it since I was 10 year old, you know? I didn't know that it was hard to smoke a brisket. - I've been doing it all my life. That's the only way I've known. I told you to save some room. - What? - Oh my God, girl. - Gauchos nachos. - Modesty, Kelsey. - Hi. - Hi, nice to meet you. - I'm just staring at these nachos. - How can you not? Look at that. That is a work of art. - Oh my gosh. - This is her thing right here. - The smells. - This is my favorite. It's not on the menu, but I make it every time I come here. If you ask for it, they'll make it for you. - And what about this right here? 'Cause I'm about to dip in. - So we have some homemade beef chorizo that we put in our queso here that we make in-house everyday. - Kinda just mix this up there. - Wow, this is amazing. I didn't think that you could top this, but you might have done it. - So you'll be able to find that there certain things that aren't on the menu that you can get 'cause we have the ingredients to do it. And we might run stuff as specials, but then people come in and as for a little - Little customized meal. - Yeah. - That's incredible. - Word gets around. - Seriously you think a place that has great queso is gonna not? Then you come in with your great tortillas, and killer brisket, and that's the lethal combo right there. - You guys are awesome. This has been amazing. Thank you so much for showing us your awesome taco and then secret menu item nachos. - No problem. - Well I appreciate you guys comin' out, thank you. - We headed into town to check out South Congress. This shopping district has grown in popularity with tourists, but it still has some of the best local boutiques and restaurants. - I love the smell. - Wow. We're like screaming. - Tip-toe, square-toe. Here. - Oh, those are it. - You feelin' it? - Yeah. - I feel like these are obnoxious and amazing at the same time and I want them. Yes, this is you. - Okay. - I'm really feeling a profile shot of mine. - Options. - Goin' in. - Oh that's fantastic. - It's the charcoal, are you feelin' it? - Yes! - Mm-hmm. - I feel like this. - It's your color. - is something I would wear. - Oh, that is so perfect. - Yes? - Nailed it! - Okay. - I know. - Yeah, that's amazing. Thank you! - Oh, yeah. - What do you think? - Perfect. - Thank you. - Thank you. - Now give me a turn. - Okay. - No. Yes. Well, mm-hmm? - Oh yeah. - Mm-hmm. - Nailed it. I think we're a little bit more appropriate-looking now. - Totally, it looks so good on you. - Thanks. - Perfect choice. Alright, so you ready to go see some live music? - I'm ready. - Alright. - Thank you so much. With the sun going down and dinner approaching, Jess decided to take me to Cooper's Old Time Pit Bar-B-Que. Smack in the heart of downtown. Unlike most barbecue joints that close after lunch, Cooper's serve up delicious cuts till 10pm. And better yet, the Llano Llounge often features live music until midnight. - After I saw you guys, like is that Jordan? - You're awesome, man. ♪ Now she don't think I'm funny. ♪ ♪ She don't laugh at my jokes. ♪ ♪ I could care less about all her shoes. ♪ ♪ My parents both hate her. ♪ - Oh. - Welcome to Cooper's. - Hi! Kelsey, this is Terry the owner. - Hi. - Hi. - Okay, here's the menu. What do you think looks good? I know, there's a lot there. - What do you recommend? - Well, Terry do you think maybe we could get a sample platter? - Yes, I can get you a sample. We can get brisket, beef ribs, sirloin - All of it. - Prime rib. - This sounds amazing. - Yep. - But, you gotta make sure you get that special sauce there. - Okay, we can do that. Let me get started. - Okay. - Wow. - Okay, here's your barbecue. - Yes. - There's prime rib. - We gotta put your fine china down, don't break it. - So my favorite part about Cooper's is they're actually one of the few places you can get so many different cuts of beef especially. - Oh, wow. - Mm-hmm. - So Terry, can you tell us a little bit more about Cooper's and the history? - Well, in 1962, Tommy Cooper started in Llano, Texas. Then I bought it in 1992. - Ya'll cook West Texas style, right? - We call it the cowboy. - Oh yeah. - Oh. - It's on a bed of coals, just the way the cowboys did it on the range. We get mesquite, burn it down, and get a big shovel, and scoop it and put the coals right under the meat just like you're grilling a steak in the backyard. - So many menu choices, like do you still have a favorite? - The beef ribs is probably my favorite and brisket is right behind it. - So this is the second. - The beef ribs to me have a different flavor and a little more flavorful than the brisket and it maybe because of the bone, I don't know. But it's a real popular item at all 4 locations. - Well, we're gonna get started on this. Thank you so much. And, before I forget, I know that you guys have let us try your secret sauce, but are there any other secret menu items that you can tell us about? - You'll need to talk to Wade, the bartender about that. They don't even tell me what's in it. - Okay, deal. - Thank you. - Thank you so much, Terry. - Thank ya'll. Ya'll enjoy your meal. - Thanks. - Thank you. Are you using a fork? - I guess the way to do it is without a fork. - Yeah, get it. - Cheers. I'm having a moment with this rib right now. - Just leave us alone. - Keep it close to your heart, girl. - Right? - Mm-hmm. - That is great. Oh it's just so moist. - There's something about the beef rib too. They're so forgiving. You can throw them on the pit. You want them to be as tender as you can possibly get 'em. And they're built for barbecue. - And the bark on all of their barbecue is just so flavorful but it's not overpowering it's very simple. - It's a Texas style. We're known for, we call it a Dalmatian rub. So it's just salt and pepper, hence the Dalmatian, but it really lets the beef sing, you know? - Mm-hmm. - It makes the meat the star. - I love that philosophy, just let the beef speak for itself. - Mm-hmm. - But I can't stop thinking about the secret menu item that Terry mentioned. - Mm-hmm. I know. I might have saved some room. Do you want to go check it out? - Yeah, let's do it! To the bar! - Ay! - Hello. - Okay, so word on the street, is that you have a secret menu item. - We do. - And what might that be? - It's the pitmaster. It's our version of a Bloody Mary. - I'm in. - I'm totally in, let's do it! - Dos, por favor. - Little bit of Tito's. - Local vodka. And what is that? - That's our Revolution Bloody Mary Mix. - Cool. I'm still waiting to see what makes this so special and secret, though. - Well, what makes it so special and secret is our barbecue sauce. - Barbecue sauce in a Bloody Mary. - Who'd a thunk it? - It makes sense, right? - It makes so much sense but I would have never thought to put barbecue sauce in a Bloody Mary. - Jalapeno face. - Okay. - Oh, I see what he did there. - That's what I'm all about, the olives. - Feel like it's nearly a meal in itself. - It really is. - It's like a drink salad. Here you are. - Okay, I do not usually drink these after 11am, but I am on board. - Oh yeah. - Okay, cheers. - Cheers. _ Ya. - That is amazing. - Well I know you guys just ate, but Pitmaster pairs well with our beef rib. - I feel like you are reading my mind right now. - I have an idea. - Mm-hmm. - You ready? - Do it. Go for it. - Okay, I'm goin' in. - Dippin'? - Mm-hmm. Oh my God. - Try it? - Do. - Alright, you don't have to ask me twice. Because there's nothing more that I like than a side of beef. - With a little but of alcohol. - Little bit of alcohol. - This is delicious. - This is amazing. - Mm-hmm. - Okay. I have to know. Why do you call it the Pitmaster? - It's the Pitmaster because the Pitmaster is the first person here and the last one to leave. Now the Bloody Mary any time of day. - I like your logic, Wade. Thank you so much for hookin' us up. - Thank you. - With this secret menu item. We're gonna enjoy these and I'm gonna inhale this. - Awesome, enjoy. - I know, it so works, honestly, the nuggety-ness of the beef rib. - Yes. - And then the smokey-ness of the barbecue sauce. - This is the perfect pairing. - Mm-hmm. - And seriously, this Bloody Mary, any time of day. - That's what I'm sayin'. - Oh. Okay, I hear something goin' on. - Oh, you wanna go see the band? - I'm down. - Let's go, whoo! - Oh, hold on, wait. ♪ Let's stop letting go. ♪ ♪ I'll be the one, I'll be the one. ♪ ♪ When all is said and done. ♪ ♪ I'll be the one, I'll be the one. ♪ ♪ Let's stop letting go. ♪ ♪ I'll be the one, I'll be the one. ♪ ♪ When all is said and done. ♪ ♪ I'll be the one. ♪ - We've tasted some of the best barbecue Austin has to offer and found some awesome secret menu items along the way. With experimented with the new-school barbecue of LeRoy and Lewis. We found some tex-mex flare at Valentina's. And reveled in some late-night eats and live music here at Cooper's. ♪ I'll be the one. ♪ ♪ I'll be the one. ♪ - Thank you. - So this has been so much fun. Thank you so much for coming along with me. - Of course! You don't need to twist my arm to come eat food with you. But where is BBQuest taking you next? - With the diversity that exists in this city, you're gonna try a whole bunch of different things. - I have a confession. I've never had Korean barbecue before. - We've got this off-the-menu thing right here. ♪ Wheel driving, when's this break gon' come? ♪ ♪ Ya buy my pigs ♪ - What the heck is a kitchen sink sandwich? - It's legitimately everything but the sink. Surf the internet with browser of future osdb.link/brave 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 