BBQuest: Season 1, Episode 3 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 BBQuest 
 s1e3 - San Antonio - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 BBQuest (2018–…): Season 1, Episode 3 - San Antonio - full transcript 
 Barbecue enthusiast and native Texan Kelsey Pribilski on a quest to find secret menu items and local flavors in San Antonio with the help of accomplished chef and restaurateur Johnny Hernandez. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 - I'm Kelsey Pribilski, a barbecue enthusiast and native Texan. I'm criss-crossing the state in search of local flavors and secret menu items. With the help of some renowned chefs and prominent pitmasters, there's no telling what we might find. ♪ Still drivin' ♪ (cool rock music) - [Kelsey] I'm in San Antonio, just a few hours from Mexico. This city's mission-style architecture pays homage 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 to its Latin American roots. From fiestas to food, San Antonio has a distinct local flavor. I'm here with Johnny Hernandez, accomplished chef and restaurateur. - Kelsey, welcome to San Antonio and to our beautiful river walk. - Thank you. - I grew up on the west side of San Antonio, and San Antonio, very much like the neighborhood I grew up in, is rooted in Mexican tradition and Mexican heritage. I think you're gonna see that, you're gonna taste that, and that's what makes us San Antonio, 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 and that's what I'm happy to share with you. - Cool, I'm so excited, I love it. You're kind of like a local celebrity here in San Antonio, so I'm really looking forward for you to show me around. - We have some of the best pitmasters in the country, and I'm excited to show you that. - Woo, I'm so excited to try some barbecue. But, what I'm really looking for are some secret menu items, you think you can help me with that? - You know, I'll make a few calls, I can set that up for us. - Awesome, cool. - For sure. - Well, you ready? - Let's do it. - Let's go. (western music) For our first stop, Johnny took me to 2M Smokehouse. This relatively new spot was started by two long-time friends with the dream of opening a brick- and-mortar restaurant. Everything from the tables to the smokehouse itself, they built by hand and finished in late 2016. - [Joe] Hey, how's it goin', Johnny? - Hi. - How are you doin'? - Good to see you. - Good to see you. - I want to introduce you to Kelsey. - Oh, how you doin' Kelsey, Joe Melig. - Nice to meet you. - Nice to meet you. - [Johnny] So Joe's the co-owner here at 2M. - Cool. - Yes. What can we do for you? - So let's do brisket, we gotta try that beef chorizo. - Absolutely. - And let's do one of those beautiful beef ribs. - Dino rib? Absolutely, we'll get you taken care of. - Question, do you have anything special or off the menu that you could give to us? - Yeah, specialty item? Yeah, we sure do, we'll take care of y'all. - Cool, all right, thanks! - Go have a seat, we'll take it to you. Thanks, John. - Thanks Joe, thank you. This is where it gets exciting. (laughs) - [Kristen] Yeah, tell me a little bit about 2M, what do you know about them? - 2M is really carving a name for themselves, you know, not only in San Antonio, but across the country. You know, Esaul the pitmaster, you know, growin' up in San Antonio feeds, I think, his creativity. And his passion for what he does, it shows up in a bold way. - What do you think the secret menu item's gonna be? - Well today's a special day. - Oh yeah? - We're gonna have barbacoa today. It is a dish that is iconic to San Antonio to the Hispanic heritage. Esaul here at 2M does it in a, in his own unique way. And I mean, what's special about it is you can only get it once a month, the first Sunday of every month. - Really? - Here at 2M, so. - So we just happened to be here on the one day that he's preparing it. - We timed it perfectly! - That's awesome! - Hey, how's it goin'. - Oh man, look at this. This is gorgeous. - Whoa! - [Joe] Little spread there, some beef. So right here we have a beef rib, couple slices of some fatty brisket, and then right here's some house-made beef sausage. - [Johnny] See, look at that gorgeous brisket, look at the bark on that, the color. You know, there's a lot of love that went into this. - Absolutely, yes there is. - [Johnny] And now the ribs are one of their signatures. I mean, these are just unbelievably gorgeous. - [Kelsey] I really like the seasoning on these a lot. - You can see a little bit of that Mexican chorizo, the flavor, the spices kinda come through that. - Hey guys. - Hey. - Here it is. - There it is. - [Esaul] Got some barbacoa here for you all. - Hi, I'm Kelsey. - Hell, Esaul Ramos. - So nice to meet you. - Good day chef, how you doin? - Hey Esaul, good to see you, man, it looks gorgeous. Beautiful. - [Kelsey] Please tell me about this dish. - [Esaul] Yeah so, so these are, this is barbacoa, this is beef cheeks. - Okay. - [Esaul] It's normally cooked in the ground. We can't do that here, so I just try to recreate it as best as possible inside of the smoker. So I'll go ahead and wrap it up in banana leaves and it gets kinda just cooked in its own juices. - [Johnny] This is a, a, a, an iconic dish of San Antonio. It's been the food that our people eat. You know, I don't think there is a Hispanic kid in the city of San Antonio that has not woken up to Saturday morning barbacoa, okay? - Yeah, yeah. - Oh, I love it! - And this is how we eat it, in a taco. - Okay, okay. - So that's for you. - Look at that. - How did you guys meet? - Met in high school, actually. - [Esaul] We just became buddies and then, we just never stopped being buddies, so then it just went from there. - Who came up with the idea to start a restaurant? - It was kinda both of us, like, growin' up as a Texan well you, you know, you barbecue a lot. And then also, growin' up as a Mexican, we always have parties every weekend, so you just put those two together and it was always really nice. - It's a barbecue party all the time! (laughs) - And then, I don't know, we just kinda, one day we were just like, "Hey, you know, "it would be nice to, you know, own a restaurant, "you know, we should open up a barbecue joint." - So, I know that opening up a restaurant is incredibly difficult, what was the process like for you guys, how did you get started? - Well Esaul and I would just put our pennies together with what we had, we didn't come from deep pockets. - If you're willing to put in the elbow grease yourself, you can definitely stretch it. (laughs) - The time equity is big. - Yeah, yeah. - Time is big. - That's true. It's huge. - [Kelsey] Speaking of time equity, I've heard a rumor. Do you guys sleep here to tend to the brisket? - For the first year we would get here on Wednesday, Wednesday morning at like 4:00 in the morning, and we wouldn't see our wives until Sunday, 7 o'clock at night. - That is a commitment. - Yeah, yeah. - [Johnny] I mean, you can taste it, you can see it. - How do you think the menu kind of reflects the traditions and your personality and your upbringing? - [Esaul] So it's like, you know, instead of doing pickled red onions, we do pickled bell peppers. It brings back those days when we make fajitas and stuff. It's those little things that we kinda just bring whatever it is that we grew up with, we try to put 'em on our menu. - Well thanks for talkin' to us, and this is delicious and very different from anything else I've tasted so far. - Thank you, thank you. - Thank you. - Yeah, and Chef, and Joe, just for your success, congratulations but thank you for staying in San Antonio. - Oh yeah. - It's good to be here. - But also just, you know, you know, putting that unique San Antonio, you know, in what you do and you love every day, and it shows in the food. - Thank you. - Oh, thank you, thank you. - Thank you very much, well, we gotta get back to, gotta get back to the grind. - Yeah, and we will continue. - Thank you for comin' by, we appreciate it. - So nice meeting you. - Thank you so much. - So nice meeting you. - Chef. - Gracias. - Right, this is my favorite part. Johnny and I headed just out of town to check out Natural Bridge Caverns, one of the largest cave systems in Texas. This awe-inspiring natural wonder is equally stunning as it is mysterious. Explorations are still ongoing as new passageways are actually being discovered each year. Plus there's tons more to do here outside of exploring the caves. It's just... (laughs) It's so pretty. - It is. - Hey, y'all. - Hey. - Hi, my name is Matt, I'll be your tour guide. Yeah, nice to meet you Kelsey. - Johnny. - Johnny nice to meet you too. So I guess you figured out why we're called Natural Bridge Caverns. - Yes, definitely. (laughs) - Yeah, yeah. You guys ready to see it? - So ready, let's go. - All right, let's get down there. Let me tell ya a couple of things about how the cave was discovered. Natural Bridge Caverns, up until 1960, was a ranch. Some cave explorers got permission from the landowners to look around and this is what they found. - [Kelsey] Oh my gosh. - So this room is called the Hall of the Mountain King, and it's the largest room in Natural Bridge Caverns. It's really big, it's about roughly the size of a football field. - What? - Yeah. You guys can imagine, you know, in 1960, they didn't have really bright lights like we do today. They couldn't even see the walls and ceiling of it, they just were in this giant black space. It's only later on, you know, that they realized how big the room was that they had discovered. - This has been so cool. - [Johnny] I know, I love that you can just escape and experience something so unique as the caves. - Definitely. - Yeah. - All right. - So. - Let's get back to the city. - Let's do it. (laughing) - [Kelsey] Next, we headed into Southtown to check out local institution, B&D; Icehouse. Once used as an actual icehouse, this building was converted into a bar in the early 60s, but since closed. In 2014, they reopened and began selling barbecue. Cool! - Johnny! - Hey, Laura. - Hey! - Thank you for meeting us. - No problem. - Thank you. Hey, and I wanted to introduce you to Kelsey. - Hi, Kelsey. - Hi. - I'm Laura. - Nice to meet you. - It's nice to meet you too. - So Laura is the pitmaster, and she has been an integral part of the opening of this. She's a woman in a really male-dominated industry. It's not only restaurants, but just think about it, pitmasters, how many women pitmasters do you know? - You're the first one. - Man. (laughs) - Should we take a seat? - Yes. You know, icehouses have been a part of Texas culture, and there are just a handful of 'em left in San Antonio. This happens to be one that's just closest to downtown in King William and, and now it has some great barbecue. (laughs) - Yeah, good. - That's awesome. - Well, do y'all want a cold beer? - Yes! - All right, hey, Vinny. Can we grab some beers? - Sure, sure. - This is Vinny. - Vinny, nice to meet you. - Kelsey. - Vinny, nice to meet you. - He helped open B&D; as well. - Ready for some Texas beer? - Yes, please. - Yeah, let's get you set up. - Thank you. - No problem. - [Kelsey] Vinny, what can you tell me about the history of this place? - [Vinny] It's from 1961, that's when they first opened up. It was Bruno and Diane's, so that's what the B&D; stands for. Now it stands for Barbecue and Draft. They kept as much of the building as they possibly could, they did, of course, modernize portions of it, in order to get the draft system in here. There used to be ice blocks, back a long time ago, when that was still a thing? You can fake this look, but it's hard to do. - You can't fake this! - All this-(laughs) - There's even a garage door, okay, look at this. - Yeah, this is incredible. - Awesome place. - Y'all ready for some Texas barbecue? - Yes! - Yes! - Yeah? All right, all right. - I think we wanna try the Frito pie and the Southtown Slammer. - And is there like a special, unique item that you could... - Sure, I'll bring something out. - All right. - For sure. - [Vinny] Okay, sounds good, let's get you all set up. I'll get that out to ya, I'll be right back. - All right, sounds good. - You're welcome. - It is so beautiful in this neighborhood. - This is San Antonio's first neighborhood, it's King William, which is part of Southtown. It's, you know, peppered with beautiful Victorian homes, old buildings, it is gorgeous. Yeah, so. Oh, here it is! - Here we go. What you've been waiting for. All right, there's a Frito pie. - All right, look at that. - And the Southtown Slammer. - [Johnny] Just love that, love it. - Oh my gosh, that looks incredible. Please tell me about these dishes right here. - Well this is our Southtown Slammer, it's one of our sandwiches we offer here. Has a couple of beef sausages on there. And then we get one of our jalapeno poppers, it's basically a jalapeno stuffed with cream cheese wrapped in bacon, set for a couple hours, so it gives it a little bit of spice. And then we just throw on some potato chips on top, and the idea is to kinda slam it down to get that nice potato chip crunch. And then this is our choppy Frito pie, it's basically chopped brisket smothered in our house sauce. We top it off with some cheese, some sour cream, tomatoes, and some of our Shiner Espresso Molasses Barbecue Sauce. - All right. - I will get back to these. What is the secret menu item? - That's our Cheesy Chop. So, yeah, basically, it's again, it's our brisket simmered in our house sauce. And then we pair it with our house-made mac and cheese and we kind of do add some green chilies to the mac and cheese, so it gives it a little bit of heat, but nothing too crazy. - Wow. - Laura, tell us about the brisket. I mean, walk us through, you know, where do you start, how does it end, what makes it unique? - Well the briskets here, we rub them in gochujang, which is like a chili paste. Then we rub it down with equal parts salt and pepper. Then we'll smoke 'em for about 12 hours, let 'em rest for, you know, about six hours, and then we slice 'em for service. - [Kelsey] So, Laura, you are a rare breed. You are a female pitmaster. What is it like in this industry for you? - Well it is a very male-dominated industry, but I was just kind of like, dove right in and I'm just intrigued by the whole process, there's no gauges, there's no set it and forget it, no timers, it's all, you control the smoke, you control the heat, it's all up to you. - Now Laura, now on the brisket, I mean, I taste a lot of, you know, you taste the spiciness, the pepperiness of, on the rub, but I love the sweetness. You know, the sweetness of the sauce that really kinda cuts in place with that and it goes killer with that mac. - That is bomb. - You can have the macaroni, I'm gonna dig in to the Frito pie. This takes me back to when I was a little kid. They cut the top off the Frito pie package and then they pour the chili, they put the cheese, the cream, the salsa. - Did you grow up around barbecue in your life? - Growing up, I never really got into barbecue or anything. My dad didn't really, you know, he would grill, you know, hamburgers, stuff like that, but never, you know, brisket or really ribs, so. - [Johnny] Well, pitmasters are rare. And it takes true commitment and it's like, as chefs, you do a lot of different things, but as a pitmaster, you're dedicated to that style of cooking, and you have to passionately love it. - You do. - Or you will get nowhere. - Oh yeah, you have to love it, you have to embrace the smoke, you have to embrace the heat, like, people, they'll be like, "Oh my god, aren't you hot?" Like, but it's like, when I'm at work, it doesn't bother me. - Totally. - Right? - I don't mind sweating from open to close. - Well, your dedication shows through the food. I'm diggin' it, lovin' it. - I agree. - All right guys, well, unfortunately I gotta get back to it, so. It was very nice meeting you. - Thank you. - [Kelsey] So nice meeting you. - And it's always great seeing you, okay? - Gracias, thank you, so much. - Dude, this macaroni with brisket is from another world. Don't! - Mm-hm. - Steal my macaroni! (laughing) Johnny and I rode down the Mission Ridge Trail, which winds along the river to the San Antonio missions. This eight mile trail starts at the most well-known mission, the Alamo, and provides a seamless path from the city center to each of the sites. The missions were built by Spanish colonizers in the 17th century and declared a national historical park in 1983. Today, they are active museums which preserve historical architecture and some still serve as active church parishes. So where are we? Tell me a little bit about the history. - All right, so we're at Mission San Jose. It's referred to as kind of the queen of the missions 'cause it's the largest of the five missions. A couple years ago, UNESCO accepted our missions as world heritage sites. The only one in Texas. - Oh, wow. - So it's quite special, but it's also a huge recognition that now helps the preservation of our missions moving forward. - What do you think life was like back in the day when this was more of an active mission? - [Johnny] This mission was their home. Within the mission walls, they taught the Native Americans a lot of their crafts, right? Stoneworking, then ceramics, you know, the art. And that's what the Spanish brought, you know, to this part of the country. One of the exciting accomplishments of our food community recently was the acceptance into UNESCO as a city of gastronomy. The UNESCO only picks one country every two years. - Really, I didn't know that. - So a huge accomplishment. And I mean, this is a great example of that heritage, right? It's, it's those 300 years of history of Spanish that have melded with the indigenous, with the south Texas culture, and have made our local cuisine very unique. - [Kelsey] I love it. Wow. The Pearl District is a culinary and cultural destination with world-class restaurants, boutiques, and the historic Hotel Emma building. This always-bustling sustainable neighborhood embraces a communal philosophy, making it a popular hangout day or night. I love how many people are outside, this is so cool. - I know, this is amazing development. Pearl has become such a special gathering place for San Antonio, and about 10 years ago this market started. We also have our third campus from the Culinary Institute of America, so it's our world-renowned culinary school. - Here? - Here in San Antonio. - Wow! That's awesome! - [Johnny] It just continue has to grow the culinary talent of our city, so we're really proud of how Pearl has developed. - Cool, well let's go check out some more! - Let's do it. - [Kelsey] Johnny and I walk to the Granary, which is located in the Pearl District. This restaurant and brewery serves up traditional cuts during lunch, but also presents a progressive seasonal dinner menu, always made from scratch. Wow. - Yeah, isn't it cool? - This place is a little bit more upscale than the other places we've been. - It is, it is, I love the way they've restored the, this beautiful home and repurposed it into a restaurant. - I mean, I'm not a fancy girl, but I can appreciate some fancy food. - Well, I know that what chef Tim Rattray's doing here is progressive, he's out there in terms of his creativity, but I mean, he's a chef and a pitmaster, and he's brought those two skills together. - Welcome. - Hi! - Hey. - How we doing, guys? - What's goin' on? - Great. Well, thank you. - I've got some beers for you here. - Hi, I'm Kelsey. - I'm Tim. - Nice to meet you. - Nice to have you in. Thanks for comin' by. - What do we have here? - We've got some brown ale that we make here in house for you. - Now I have to mention my favorite quote from Esquire magazine, "I have seen the future of barbecue, "and his name is Tim Rattray." So, I mean that's a powerful statement. I mean, it says a lot about his style, his progressiveness. - Well cool, I'm excited to try some stuff, what do you think? - Oh well, let's try that brisket ramen. - Totally. - And then a little bit of Texas Toast, a little barbecue butter. - Barbecue butter shouldn't be missed. I'll be right back. - Well make sure you come back and join us, chef. - Cool. - Yep. - So I wanna hear a little bit about your experience with the Culinary Institute. - [Johnny] I mean, Pearl as a development wanted to bring culinary education to San Antonio, who better than the Culinary Institute of America? What they initiated was the Center for Foods at the Americas. So the Center for Foods at the Americas is, not only Mexican food, Texas regional food, but foods of all the Americas. So it's helped build what you see, and it's been the foundation, I believe, for Pearl. - [Tim] All right. - [Johnny] Gorgeous. - [Tim] Okay, so we've got brisket ramen for you. The brown ale that you're actually drinking is what we use to make the noodles. The broth is a smoke show you brought, so we actually smoke the bones on the pit before making the ramen broth. There's some burnt ends, 'cue shallots, a little onsen egg and a crispy collard green. So it kinda, ramen but translating it into our world of barbecue. And then off to the side we've got our Texas Toast. So this is our buttermilk bread that we make fresh every day. Cut it thick, and then we actually griddle it in beef tallow and then off to the side is our heralded barbecue butter. So we take drippings from the smoker, whip that into a cultured butter with some herb ash and finish with a little cracked white pepper. - Wow, this looks great! - Chef, please, have a seat. - Thanks. - I'd love for you to- - Thank you, don't let me keep you, you guys should dig in. - If you could share with Kelsey just a little bit more of, you know, what you, what you've built here. - What kind of made you want to restore this place and make it your own? - The first inspiration was it was available. (laughing) And like there's so much history here, this house was built by the chief cooper for the brewery. Back in about 1908 is when, I think. And so, when you're thinking about a cuisine like barbecue, you think about communal dining, like family recipes, family gatherings. And so this house was in the same family for about three generations, which provides a lot of history and warmth and hospitality to the building. - [Kelsey] Are you dipping your Texas Toast in your ramen? (laughing) - There is no wrong way to eat this, or you know, enjoy my ramen. (laughs) - [Kelsey] I agree. I'm into it, I think I'm gonna try it myself. - That looks awesome. - Yeah, chef, I mean, we, we know that, you know, your progressive style that you've had and you've been blazing the trail doin', you know, a lot of creative things. - I love what I do because you can always learn something while still honoring tradition and like, the past traditions of barbecue. - Because of your style, I mean, I know you had probably anticipated, you know, maybe a little pushback, but, I mean, did it play out the way you thought? - We definitely had some people that were like, "Oh, like this isn't really barbecue." But then we, we, we had more people that were like, "Wow, this is really cool." So as long as you're cooking with soul in your food, whether it's on a white tablecloth or whether it's in a brown paper bag, like, that's gonna come through. - Mm-hmm. - [Johnny] Your restaurant has kinda found its place then in San Antonio, and you see our barbecue culture evolving and you've been a big part of that. - This is phenomenal and it's very different from anything we've had so far. - Thanks. - I do have a question, though. - Yeah. - Do you have any sort of like, special menu items that you could show us or anything that you really enjoy on your menu? - Yeah, I think we can go back to the kitchen and put something together. - Are you inviting me to the kitchen? - Yeah, totally. - Oh my gosh! Nobody has let me come into the kitchen yet, I am so excited. - Let's go, let's do it. - Let's go, man. - I'm ready. - Alrighty guys, welcome to the back of the house. - Cool. - This is where everything's prepared, made, and sent out. Let's put a plate together, sound good? - Yeah! - Yes, chef. - Cool, let's get some stuff out of here. - [Johnny] Lead the way. - [Tim] So what's cool about this plate that we're gonna make is that when we opened, it was only about one or two other places in the country that I knew of that were smoking beef shoulders, which they sometimes call clod. And so this, to me, is like, kind of the heart and soul of what we do, which would be called progressive barbecue. This whole plate's based around the idea of barbecue sauce and pickles. The first thing that we'll put on the plate is cornbread, but not your average cornbread. - I've never seen that. - And then for our pickles, we take a celery baton and compress these guys in a pickling liquid. One thing that's kinda sacrilege to talk about in Texas is barbecue sauce, but for this plate, I feel like it's really important. On the plate here, it's that nice ruby red color. - [Kelsey] That is gorgeous. - [Tim] That's gonna give a nice kinda sweet and sour effect. - [Kelsey] Oh, that's a beautiful color. - [Tim] And then our clod. So you can see right here, all those different muscles. - [Johnny] How long did you smoke that, chef? - [Tim] This would be about 12 hours on this guy. So we've got some powdered mushroom, and we just sprinkle that right on the beef. - Powdered mushroom. - I've never seen that! - Wow, we're way out. - And then lastly, a lot of people use coffee in their barbecue, like in their rubs or in their sauce, so we actually cook quinoa in the coffee and then we dry it out and flash-fry it to make like a crisp textural contrast. And we call this coffee Quinoa Crunch. - [Kelsey] Wow. - And so that- - Love it. - [Tim] Is our beef clod plate. - Maybe you should- - Almost too pretty to eat. - Yeah, presentation, the sauce. - [Tim] Dig in there. - [Johnny] That's a beautiful-looking plate, chef. - [Kelsey] I think more than anything about this dish, what I really like is that every single item on the plate has a completely different texture. - Yeah, those textures really kinda break that up and help keep it a dynamic eating experience. - Thank you so much for inviting us back in the kitchen, I love watching you prepare this, it was so good meeting you. - Thank you so much. Chef. - Chef, thank you. - Always a pleasure. - Gracias. - [Tim] See you soon. - Let's dig in to the rest of this, man! San Antonio has been so good to us, we've had some incredible barbecue and found some great secret menu items along the way. We had the barbacoa at 2M, the Cheesy Chop at B&D; Icehouse, and a smoked beef clod at the Granary. Chef, thank you so much, I've had a blast, I really appreciate you showing us around. - Well, it's been my sincere pleasure to host you, share with you the history of our city, and this emerging food scene that's exploding, so. Muchisimas gracias. - Thanks. See you next time. I'm here with John Tesar. - Welcome to DFW and the Metroplex. We still are the epicenter for steak barbecue. I brought you here because I wanted to show you a restaurant that was famous for its Kansas City barbecue. - I've never seen anything like this. - [John] I think it's some of the best barbecue in the state of Texas. This steak, when you take a bite out of it? You're gonna know you're eating a steak. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 